Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About SCIENCE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports The WIRED World in 2017 1 minute ago Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Gear 1 day ago Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones CES 2017 1 day ago 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 Culture 1 day ago This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be Tastemakers 3 days ago Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Emoji 26 Dec 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 Film 2 days ago Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi 12 Sep 2016 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 6 items 1 day ago From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 11 items 1 day ago Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success The WIRED World in 2017 5 days ago The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 Magazine 2 days ago 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus The best of 2016 2 days ago The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' Work 5 days ago How to get early access to Android software before it's released How to get early access to Android software before it's released Google 25 Dec 2016 How to hack your memory and remember almost anything How to hack your memory and remember almost anything WIRED Next Generation 2016 05 Nov 2016 Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank The WIRED World in 2017 4 days ago Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Crime 21 Dec 2016 The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home Amazon Echo 23 Dec 2016 Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Refugees 26 Dec 2016 Big Picture: Moore's Law in action Big Picture: Moore's Law in action WIRED Big Picture 25 Dec 2016 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Top stories Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports The WIRED World in 2017 1 minute ago Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Gear 1 day ago Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones CES 2017 1 day ago 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 Culture 1 day ago This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be Tastemakers 3 days ago Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Emoji 26 Dec 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 Film 2 days ago Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi 12 Sep 2016 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 6 items 1 day ago From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 11 items 1 day ago Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success The WIRED World in 2017 5 days ago The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 Magazine 2 days ago 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus The best of 2016 2 days ago The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' Work 5 days ago How to get early access to Android software before it's released How to get early access to Android software before it's released Google 25 Dec 2016 How to hack your memory and remember almost anything How to hack your memory and remember almost anything WIRED Next Generation 2016 05 Nov 2016 Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank The WIRED World in 2017 4 days ago Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Crime 21 Dec 2016 The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home Amazon Echo 23 Dec 2016 Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Refugees 26 Dec 2016 Big Picture: Moore's Law in action Big Picture: Moore's Law in action WIRED Big Picture 25 Dec 2016 Science What is Moore's Law? WIRED explains the theory that defined the tech industry The theory dates back to 1965 yet has been proved correct for five decades By Lee Bell 28 Aug 2016 By Lee Bell Sunday 28 August 2016 Intel The amount of computing power we can now squeeze into the smallest of devices is somewhat remarkable compared with what was achievable, say, a decade ago. ADVERTISEMENT Looking back even five or so years and a consumer desktop system that was the best in its class would be deemed outdated if put into a smartphone of today’s standards. This is made possible simply because chip makers are able to increase the number of transistors on a chip significantly every year as developments in chip research advance. Read more Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp By Jeremy White Back in 1965, co-founder of chip giant Intel, Gordon Moore, made an observation based on this condensing of chip size after noticing that, since their invention, transistors were doubling in size every year. So he decided to base a theory on it. That theory is what we now know as Moore's Law. What is Moore's Law? Gordon Moore Intel Moore predicted this shrinking chip trend would continue into the foreseeable future and, in a scientific paper, said that the number of transistors per square inch would double approximately every 12 months. ADVERTISEMENT Read more WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for December 30 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for December 30 By WIRED The paper was well before its time, and predicted how "integrated circuits will lead to such wonders as home computers". Take a look at the illustration featured in the paper below imagining the future. Although Moore revised the forecast in 1975, doubling the time to two years, his prediction has proved accurate and has since been used as the current definition of Moore's law. ADVERTISEMENT Read more Eco Wave Power turns wave power into electricity Eco Wave Power turns wave power into electricity By Emma Bryce It's been more than 50 years since Moore published his paper detailing the simple theory, and since that time it has revolutionised computing, making all the technology we see as fundamental to life today possible. So far, Moore's Law has been proven correct, time and again, and as a result it has long been said to be responsible for most of the advances in the digital age – from PCs to supercomputers – due to it being used in the semiconductor industry to guide long-term planning and set targets for research and development. "Moore's Law is one of economics – not physics," Intel's Markus Weingartner told WIRED. "It tells us that each new chip will have twice the transistors and therefore compute capability of the previous generation for the same cost of production. "This simple rule has driven every advancement in the technology revolution for more than half a century and still defines the expanding boundaries of technology today, allowing us to take concepts like artificial intelligence and autonomous vehicles and make them a reality." Read more Ebola vaccine gives 100% protection, trial shows Ebola vaccine gives 100% protection, trial shows By Matt Burgess Is Moore's Law 'slowing down?' Although proven correct for the past five decades, the winning streak of Moore's Law could finally be hitting a plateau. According to a recent report from the International Technology Roadmap for Semiconductors (ITRS) – which includes chip giants such as Intel itself, alongside Samsung – transistors could get to a point where they could shrink no further by as soon as 2021. The companies argue that, by that time, it will be no longer economically viable to make them smaller, finally putting an end to Moore's Law. This means that while they could physically be made smaller, in theory, they will reach what the ITRS call "their economic minimum", meaning doing so will only make the costs prohibitive. Darryl Bautista/IBM This isn't the first time the Moore's Law theory has been doubted. Last year, Intel's own CEO Brian Krzanich announced that the firm's shift from one transistor size to another is stretching from two to 2.5 years. Krzanich questioned this during an Intel earnings call, saying manufacturing processes haven't advanced at the same rate as in the past. However, the ITRS believes this does not mean the end of the concept behind the Law, as manufacturers find increasingly innovative ways to squeeze more switches into a given space. Take 3D NAND, for example, the idea of stacking sets of transistors on top of each other to create "3D processors". ADVERTISEMENT Is the demise of Moore's Law a bad thing? While the conventional thinking is that the law's demise would be bad news, it could have its benefits – namely fuelling the rise of AI. "If you care about the development of artificial intelligence, you should pray for that prediction to be true," John Smart, a prominent futurist and writer told WIRED. "Moore's law ending allows us to jump from artificial machine intelligence – a top down, human engineered approach; to natural machine intelligence – one that is bottom up and self-improving." As AIs no longer emerge from explicitly programmed designs, engineers are focused on building self-evolving systems like deep learning, an AI technique modelled from biological systems. Share this article RECOMMENDED What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? By Eric Hutson WIRED Explains 21 Nov 2016 What is fracking? WIRED Explains What is fracking? WIRED Explains By Amelia Heathman WIRED Explains 06 Oct 2016 This is what the future holds as Moore's Law turns 50 This is what the future holds as Moore's Law turns 50 By Katie Collins Wearables 19 Apr 2015 What are gravitational waves? WIRED explains Einstein's theory What are gravitational waves? WIRED explains Einstein's theory By Matt Burgess WIRED Explains 12 Dec 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017




PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search Axiomtek's New GOT3187WL-834-PCT, Ideal for Infotainment and Light Factory Automation Applications Axiomtek releases the GOT3187WL-837-PCT, its newest user-friendly 18.5" panel PC with highly accurate projected capacitive touch screen Axiomtek's new GOT3187WL-834-PCT.   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Touch Panel PC * Human-machine Interface * Multi-touch Panel PC By Industry: * ComputersCITY OF INDUSTRY, Calif. - Aug. 27, 2016 - PRLog -- Axiomtek, one of the world's leading designers and manufacturers of innovative, high performance and reliable PC-based industrial computer products, is proud to announce the GOT3187WL-834-PCT, an 18.5" fanless multi-touch panel computer designed for infotainment and as a human machine interface for light factory industry applications. The GOT3187WK-834-PCT features a projected capacitive touchscreen and 250nits brightness. To provide excellent system performance, this touch panel PC supports quad-core Intel® Celeron® J1900 processor. The GOT3187WL-834-PCT is also user-friendly, with a highly accurate multi-touch screen as well as a slim and ultra-light weight design for fast and easy project development and deployment. The GOT3187WL-834-PCT is suitable for self- service kiosks, digital signage, light factory automation applications and more. "The GOT3187WL-834-PCT features an IP65-rated water/dust-proof front bezel, a wide operating temperature range of 0°C to +40C, 7H surface hardness for protection against scratches and can operate reliably under 1 G of vibration for reliable use in a variety of rugged and hazardous environments," said Product Manager Anthony Chen. "The GOT3187WL-834-PCT with integrated with Intel® HD onboard graphics can display content in HD resolution, making it perfect for infotainment and self-service kiosk use in retail." The compact-size 18.5" WXGA industrial human machine interface supports one 204-pin DDR3L-1333/1600 SO-DIMM with up to 8 GB memory capacity. To meet different application needs, the GOT3187WL-834-PCT provides two PCI Express Mini Card slots and WLAN antennas for 3G and wireless network connectivity. One 2.5" SATA HDD and one CFast™/mSATA are available for system integrators with extensive storage needs. The GOT3187WL-834-PCT also features rich I/O options for customization needs including two USB 3.0 ports, two USB 2.0 ports, two Gigabit Ethernet ports, one audio (line-out) and two RS-232/422/485 ports. The GOT3187WL-834-PCT features flexible power options with wide voltage range input from 12V to 36V DC. To ensure that this touch panel can be integrated into a variety of different locations, it features multiple mounting options including panel mount, VESA arm, desktop stand and wall mount. The GOT3187WL-834-PCT runs well with Windows® 8.1, Windows® Embedded 8 Standard, Windows® 7 and Windows® Embedded Standard 7. The GOT3187WL-834-PCT will be available in September. For more product information or pricing, please visit our website at us.axiomtek.com or contact a sales representative at solutions@axiomtek.com. Advanced Features: - 18.5" WXGA wide screen, resolution 1366 x 768 - Multi-touch 18.5" projected capacitive touch screen - Fanless design with quad-core Intel® Celeron® J1900 processor - Supports 2.5" SATA HDD & CFast™ or mSATA - Supports 3G, WLAN module and antennas (optional) - Supports two Gigabit LANs ports, two USB 3.0 ports, two USB 2.0 ports and two COM ports - IP65-rated aluminum front bezel - Supports panel mount and optional VESA arm/desktop stand/wall mount - Supports wide temperature range of 0°C to +40°C - Adjustable RS-232/422/485 setting via BIOS - Passed CE standard testing About Axiomtek Co., Ltd Axiomtek Co., Ltd. is one of the world's leading designers/manufacturers of PC-based industrial computer products. From its roots as a turnkey systems integrator specializing in data acquisition and control systems, Axiomtek has mirrored the PC evolution in various industries by shifting its focus toward the design and manufacture of PC-based industrial automation solutions. Axiomtek Co., Ltd. established in 1990, has more than 60 distributor partners globally. Axiomtek offers Industrial PCs (IPC), Single Board Computers and System on Modules (slot CPU card, small form factor embedded boards & SoM), Fanless & Rugged Embedded System (eBOX and rBOX), Intelligent Transportation System (tBOX), Industrial IoT Gateway and Intel Firewall, Touch Panel Computers (TPC), Medical PCs (MPC), Human Machine Interface (HMI), Digital Signage Players (DS), Industrial Network and Network Appliances (NA). As an associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance, Axiomtek continuously develops and delivers cutting edge solutions based on the latest Intel® platforms. Contact Axiomtek 6265813232 solutions@axiomtek.com End Source : Axiomtek » Follow Email : ***@axiomtek.com Listed Under- Tags : Touch Panel PC, Human-machine Interface, Multi-touch Panel PC Industry : Computers Location : City of Industry - California - United States Subject : Products A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse AXIOMTEK News Axiomtek's newest 1U Rackmount Network Appliance with Great Expansion Capabilities – The NA720 Axiomtek Launches New 8.4" Touch Panel PC for Space-constricting Applications- the GOT5840T-845 Axiomtek Gaming Launches New Brand Identity to Solidify its Presence in the Casino Gaming Industry Axiomtek's Food Drive Helps Fight Hunger and Feeds Hope in the Local Community Industrial-grade Palm-sized Embedded System Designed for Rugged Environments – the eBOX565-500-FL Trending Kipper Jones Announces Release of "Ashes to Ashes..." and Challenges Artists On Inaugration Day 2017 Clearwater's Fort Harrison to Host Swing Dance for Charity on January 19th Let's Go On A Letter Hunt - Alphabet Adventure Wins Silver Award of Excellence Black Diamond Public Relations Firm Announces New Client: Award-Winning author, Marian L. Thomas Seven for 2017: Why the New Year will be the year of the Pandemic Daily News Kipper Jones Announces Release of "Ashes to Ashes..." and Challenges Artists On Inaugration Day 2017 - 660 views John Cox, Noted Filmmaker, Draws Rave Reviews for CRAZY WORLD OF BILLY RABBIT on AMAZON Prime - 348 views Professor Rob McKenzie inks agent deal with EA Kroll Productions - 284 views Emler Repeats As A DMN Top 100 Place To Work - 224 views All Hail the new dBASE™ PLUS 11! - 200 views Weekly News Four-Generation Bavarian Inn Garners MichBusiness Succession Award - 2650 views Knoxville Auto Brokers Announces New Location and Showroom Expansion Grand Opening - 1152 views The Loken Group Announces Partnership With Beazer Homes - 1109 views LumenData Announces New Leadership Roles on Its Enterprise Information Management (EIM) Team - 1096 views United Premier Soccer League Announces Atlas USA FC as Championship Division Expansion Team - 991 views PTC News Lennar Grand Opens The Canyons This New Year's Eve - 468 views Williams, Kaelin, Chumlee Appearances, Magic, Music Top Entertainment At Wizard World New Orleans - 369 views PM&E is Pleased To Announce that it has Reached an Agreement with DiNelly EXOGYRO - 310 views Introducing Lennar's Redhawk Community Coming to Seattle This Spring - 286 views EVADA Aircraft is Pleased To Announce the signing of an agreement with USAID Tunisia - 158 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. Intel Lost Another Open-Source Driver Developer To Google Earlier This Summer Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 27 August 2016 at 09:35 AM EDT. 8 Comments There was another long-time Intel open-source Linux graphics driver developer that left the company earlier this summer and is now working at Google on the Chrome/Chromium OS graphics stack. Among the notable departures in the past few months from Intel's Open-Source Technology Center were Jesse Barnes, Wayland-founder Kristian Høgsberg, and Dirk Hohndel and apparently others that went under the radar or outside of our area of focus. Another graphics driver developer no longer at Intel is Chad Versace. Chad Versace had been at Intel since 2010 worked as Intel's representative to Khronos for two years, was one of the original Intel Vulkan driver developers, worked on various OpenGL driver features, and was also the founder of the Waffle project for making portable the OpenGL API version as well as the windowing system API to runtime. I only realized he was no longer at Intel this week when seeing a reviewed-by where he's now with a Chromium email address. Chad's CV confirms he is now at Google working on Chromium. His focus there is on the Chrome OS graphics stack with OpenGL, Vulkan, EGL and Mesa. This appears to be similar to Kristian also now at Google working working on the Chromium graphics stack. Chad apparently left Intel about two months ago. It should be interesting to see what further improvements Google will make to its Chrome graphics stack considering the new developers joining the crew. 8 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News AVC VDENC Video Encoding Enabled For Intel Broxton & Kabylake Broadwell HD Graphics 5500 Delivering Similar Vulkan/OpenGL Performance Beignet Now Implements Enough OpenCL 2.0 To Support It For Skylake+ Intel Sends In Their First Two Batches Of DRM Changes For Linux 4.11 Intel's Beignet Working On More OpenCL 2.0 Support Late TurboStat Patches For Linux 4.10 Add Denverton & Knights Mill Support Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation Turning to Its Foundry Business for Next Big Opportunity This chip maker aims to build out its contract chip manufacturing segment. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Aug 27, 2016 at 6:45AM Image source: Intel.  Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) seems to be getting more serious about becoming a contract chip manufacturer. At its recent developer forum, the company went into quite a bit of detail about its efforts in this space. Traditional contract chip manufacturers tend to service a very broad range of customers across many different industries, whereas Intel's focus appears to be more specialized, targeting two segments in particular. A new mobile strategy The first area Intel wants to target is the market for mobile-oriented processors. The company axed its entire pipeline of Intel-designed mobile applications processors earlier this year (though one Intel exec indicated that the company may eventually be back), so this looks to be Intel's workaround to win a piece of the mobile market. According to Intel, China-based smartphone chip manufacturer Spreadtrum "is designing on Intel's 14 [nanometer] foundry platform." Strategy Analytics says Spreadtrum ranked fifth in terms of worldwide smartphone applications shipments in 2015, though how much of Spreadtrum's volume can eventually move over to Intel remains to be seen. Additionally, Intel and smartphone manufacturer LG announced that the latter will be building a "world-class mobile platform" on the former's 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technology. It will be interesting to see how those partnerships play out (chips based on these partnerships have yet to ship) and whether Intel can secure additional, high-volume wins over time. Extending the company's networking efforts The second major segment Intel is targeting with its foundry efforts is the network infrastructure market. The company is going after this market organically with its Xeon and Atom-based networking processors, and according to CEO Brian Krzanich, it has grown its share of this market to "over 10%". In a presentation, Intel cited two examples of network infrastructure wins for its foundry efforts: an FPGA from Achronix Semiconductor and a networking chip from a company called Netronome. Both of these wins were on Intel's 22-nanometer manufacturing technology. Going forward, I don't see Intel manufacturing products that directly compete with its Xeon/Atom product lines in this market. However, products such as networking switches, chips targeted at wireless base stations, and others could potentially be fair game. Intel actually has offerings in many segments of the networking market, but it may be more open to manufacturing competing chips as these aren't major revenue or profit drivers for the company to begin with. A reasonable strategy, but will it pay off? At the end of the day, it makes sense for Intel to serve as a contract chip manufacturer for companies focused on areas where Intel doesn't offer its own products or has relatively low market share. Such work should allow Intel to capture incremental revenue and profit at reasonable margins -- Intel executives have indicated in the past that its foundry business will carry margins largely in-line with the corporate average -- an obvious positive for Intel and its stockholders. That being said, before investors go crazy about the potential opportunity, it's worth noting that Intel faces very intense competition here, mainly from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, as well as from Samsung, Global Foundries, and other players. In fact, TSMC is the largest player in this market by far and is expected to bring in more than $28 billion in revenue this year and more than $30 billion the following year. Its market share in 2015 was over 54%, according to market research firm Gartner .  The revenue opportunity in the contract chip manufacturing business is attractive, but in order for Intel to make meaningful headway, it's going to have to grab share from TSMC and maintain it -- something that other competitors have found to be quite challenging. With this in mind, it'll likely be a couple of years before we'll have a good idea of whether Intel is on track to build its foundry business out to be a significant revenue contributor, or if all of these announcements amount to not much more than PR fluff. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Gartner. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Aug 27, 2016 at 6:45AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Intel Corporation Turning to Its Foundry Business for Next Big Opportunity #stocks $INTC
null
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: Christmas Gift Guide Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Software News / CrossOver lets you run Windows programs on Chromebooks CrossOver lets you run Windows programs on Chromebooks by Joe Roberts 27 August 2016 0 shares Read Comments Codeweavers has offered a program that allows you to run Windows on Mac and Linux systems for some time, but now its turning its attention to Android. A technical preview of CrossOver Android was launched this week, which will allow you to run Windows apps on your Intel-based Chromebook or Android tablet. What's more, the new software is entirely free at this point, and you'll be able to run programs such as Steam and Office 2010. Related: iPhone 7 The new version of the program is still a work in progress, however, so if you're tempted to try it out, be warned that not all Windows apps are guaranteed to work. You'll also need to have an Intel-based device in order for CrossOver Android to work, which limits the choices somewhat. Due to the Intel requirement, CrossOver is limited to Chromebooks such as the Asus Flipbook, Acer Chromebook r11, and the Chromebook Pixel. But the software should also work with Intel-based Android tablets, and there are likely to be further updates which could see CrossOver extended to other devices. Using the program will allow you to run multiple apps simultaneously as you would in Windows, plus, you can use Windows apps alongside native Android apps. You can sign up for access by heading over to the Code Weavers site and entering your details. The preview is only available to those who registered for initial access, but signing up should get you access to the full beta when it's released. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Let us know if you've used the new software in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay Microsoft Window 10 Pro USB 3.0 32/64 Bit Full Version FQC-08788 Retail Sealed $124.99 View Item Microsoft Windows 10 Professional 64bit (OEM) System Builder DVD + Product Key $43.99 View Item Microsoft Windows 10 Professional 64bit (OEM) System Builder DVD + Product Key $39.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS News Reviews Insights TechRadar Business Laptop/PC Printers Hardware Software Mobile working Security Networks Management Data centre & Cloud News iMac 2016 release date, news and rumors iMac 2016 release date, news and rumors By Ben Stinson PC   The latest all-in-one from Apple is (hopefully) about to drop Shares Although it may seem that the range has only recently seen an upgrade, the late 2015 iMac brought little more than a processor upgrade and a long-awaited bump to Retina screens across the board. With Apple's computing market share dipping to 7.2% in Q3 2016, you would expect the company to release a new round of iMacs in time for its October event. Unfortunately, for Mac desktop fans, it appears as though the press keynote will be focused on the introduction of new MacBook Pros and MacBook Airs. The biggest updates are likely to be seen with the guts of Apple's iMac range, with Intel's latest Kaby Lake processors now ready for production. The latest AMD Polaris graphics chips should also be on-board for video editing and high-resolution gaming, though recent reports have suggested Apple is working with Nvidia this time around. Other improvements are being chattered about via the rumour mill in the expectedly feverish build up to the new iMac's release, with VR compatibility currently headlining the list of less attention-grabbing features. Keep on reading to find out more about the new developments we're expecting from the 2016 iMac refresh. Also check out: MacBook Pro 2016 release date, news and rumours Cut to the chase What is it? The latest generation of Apple's all-in-one desktop computer When is it out? Rumours suggest October 2016 What will it cost? Prices are expected to start at £899 ($1,099), as they do today iMac 2016 release date Unless Apple chooses to go big on VR at the next event, the reveal of a new iMac isn't necessarily a dead-cert. In the past, desktop Mac refreshes have been a couple of years apart, so the launch of an updated iMac could end up being delayed until WWDC 2017 in June. Still, there's plenty of new hardware for Apple to pack into its popular all-in-one PC, so it's best to stay optimistic that the Cupertino giant will unveil some other tasty new tech alongside the iPhone 7 at its special September event. Comments by AMD suggest that Apple is lined-up to launch some hardware featuring the latest Polaris graphics chipset in late 2016, but that's as close as we have to a real confirmation of an update to any of Apple's computer range. With the hiatus in improvements to Apple's Mac Pro and Mac mini, it's likely that Apple will want to keep its most popular desktop range regularly refreshed to try and claw back some of that lost market share. iMac 2016 price The existing range of iMacs starts at £899 ($1,099) for the 21.5-inch 1080p model, rising to £1,199 ($1,499) for the 4K model and £1,449 ($1,799) for the 27-inch variant. There's little doubt that Apple will stick to the existing pricing tiers, especially considering IBM's comments on the long-term affordability of Mac usage, which were introduced when the company first launched the 'cheaper' iMac back in June 2014. Will it be Intel's Kaby Lake or AMD Zen for iMac 2016? With the last iMac update, Apple skipped on Intel's Broadwell processors and went straight to the latest Skylake chips for the 2015 iteration. Intel is set to provide the latest Kaby Lake processors for the next range of iMacs, the last in Intel's 14nm processing line before the switch to Cannonlake's 10nm architecture later in 2017. Though it is likely Apple will stick with Intel's processors, there is a possibility that the new AMD Zen processor could make an appearance in the high-end 27-inch models. This very powerful new CPU features 8 cores and 16 threads that would provide users with a huge amount of processing power on tap. Of course, there's still a possibility that Apple could skip the latest array of processors and wait for the Cannonlake series before upgrading its full suite of iMacs, but this would push the launch back to sometime in the second half of next year. iMac 2016: AMD on-board with the VR-enabled future Although Apple's range of desktop PCs hasn't lagged behind rivals in the processing department, the lack of graphical grunt is more of a sore sticking point for some users, especially for those wanting to get their game on without having to switch to Windows. With VR rapidly gaining in popularity both on PC and console, it is likely that Apple will not want its loyal customer base to feel like they're being left behind. It's very realistic, then, to expect that the new range of iMacs will include AMD's Polaris graphics, which was unveiled at the beginning of 2016. Reports from WCCF Tech claim that AMD won the contract to produce two chipsets for Apple back in April, and will appear in "new desktops and notebooks from Apple, which the company plans to bring to market later this year". MacRumors thinks that Polaris 10 and 11 are the most likely fit for Apple's new range of Macs, which are built using 16nm or 14nm production processes – smaller and more power-efficient than AMD's 28nm chipsets found in existing 27-inch iMacs. The switch from Intel Iris Pro 6200 graphics in the 21.5-inch models is also highly probable, as AMD has made great gains in offering highly competitive GPUs at a very reasonable price. All in all, Mac users will be looking for plenty of power to support exciting new VR devices such as the Oculus Rift, which Palmer Luckey already said wasn't an option at present due to the underpowered graphical capabilities of Apple's computers. New flash storage for iMac 2016? While the rumours are that Apple is planning on an increased storage capacity in the iPhone 7, we're also hoping that the company makes a major move to further push flash storage with iMacs. The hybrid Fusion Drive is currently standard in the 27-inch range of iMacs and an £80 (around $105) optional extra for 21.5-inch models, though we're hoping that Apple finally makes it standard across the board with all iMacs. Flash storage capacity of up to 512GB is already available in Apple's MacBook Air and MacBook Pro, which helps them to perform noticeably faster than similarly specified iMacs. Although Apple is unlikely to go down the route of flash-only storage for iMacs, hybrid drives would be a particularly welcome upgrade. A plethora of ports for new iMacs? The last Apple MacBook refresh saw Apple eschew all other ports in favour of USB-C, and while it would be unlikely that Cupertino would reduce the connectivity in its iMacs, it's certainly plausible that the new port could make an appearance. Intel's new Kaby Lake processors offer support for USB 3.1 alongside Thunderbolt 3 and DisplayPort 1.2, which could mean that every single port on the new iMac gets a little boost. Gabe Carey has also contributed to this article Tags MacBook Pro MacBook Air Related news The best Target Black Friday deals 2016 Best entry-level DSLRs 2016: What to look for and which to buy The best Best Buy Black Friday deals 2016 The 10 best DSLRs you can buy right now See more PC news Load Comments GET YOUR FREE MAGAZINE NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99 Join 13,000 TechRadar Pro subscribers! Sign up for a new, free business service from TechRadar Pro to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox GET MY FREE MAGAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 CES 2017: What to expect at the massive Las Vegas tech show 2 Best Apple Watch apps for your smartwatch in 2016 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 The 10 best 4K TVs of 2016 5 10 best wireless headphones available today 1 The 10 most disappointing games of 2016 2 Apple might have a plan to keep your AirPods in your ears 3 iOS 10.3 beta already? Here are the rumored iPhone and iPad features 4 Watch Tesla Autopilot mode predict and avoid a nasty car crash 5 The first LG G6 phone leak shows it’s back on the right path TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
null
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event The Best of 2016 What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 41 1962 127 728 990 27 180 318 107 74 739 425 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater CarVi, A Smarter Driving Assistant Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Trending Events Ushering in a New You Radio Controlled Tech Deals For Sellers Sell on Marketplace iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Gaming >  Gaming Laptops >  Gaming Laptops >  ASUS >  Item#: N82E16834234093 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … ASUS ROG 17.3" FHD G-Sync G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop Quad Core Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Discrete GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB Quad Core Intel Core i7-4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" 8.40 lbs. DVD±R/RW LOADING... ASUS ROG 17.3" FHD G-Sync G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop Quad Core Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Redefine your mobile gaming experience with the ASUS ROG G751 gaming laptop. Powered by the quad-core Intel Core i7 processor and the gaming-class NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M graphics card, the laptop delivers the performance and capability you need to game at top settings in the hottest title. More features are provided to give you a competitive edge. The TurboMaster gives you a performance boost of over 5% via real-time overclocking, while intelligent dual fans and copper heat sinks keep your gaming gear cool and always at peak performance. Everything comes out from the laptop will please your senses. The 17.3" IPS anti-glare display brings what you see to life with vibrant color, Full HD resolution and wide viewing angle. Powered by Bass Eye subwoofer and ROG AudioWizard utility, the notebook reproduces dynamic sound no matter the source. Game your way. Launch Gaming Center dashboard, Steam platform, and recording function and more, with quick-access game keys and programmable macro keys. And with understated design with F-22 Raptor-inspired lines, adjustable backlit keyboard, brushed aluminum design with an illuminated ROG logo, and majestic red design touches, the ASUS ROG G751 is here to show the world you're serious about gaming with its instantly recognizable ROG style. Republic of Gamers (ROG) DNA Black RED. STEALTH – KNOW AN ROG WHEN YOU SEE ONE ROG G751 retains the classic stealthy F-22 Raptor-inspired lines found on previous G Series iterations; only this time it sports an aluminum finish with an illuminated ROG logo. Whether you’re the hero or the villain, get ready to be immersed in a Full HD gaming world through a 178-degree wide-view angle display with an anti-glare coating. Intel Core i7 Processor Armed with the latest 4th generation Intel Core i7 processor, the G751 sets all-new benchmarks for powerful performance so you never have to slow down. Intel Thunderbolt technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection; while GameFirst III optimizes networks to give you smooth, lag-free online gameplay by prioritizing game packets and allocating more bandwidth for games. Enthusiast-grade Graphics with Asus TurboMaster Experience elite PC gaming on a notebook. The GeForce GTX 980M takes advantage of next-generation NVIDIA Maxwell architecture to deliver unrivaled performance, advanced graphics technologies, and improved battery life. Now you can take on the most visually challenging games with fast, smooth gameplay at ultra settings. NVIDIA GeForce Experience optimizes settings for higher resolutions and greater in-game detail for extra-sharp image quality. ASUS TurboMaster technology, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. ASUS TurboMaster supports real-time GPU overclocking to give you a performance boost of over 5%. An upgraded PCB design ensures a stable power supply; and features a dedicated 3-phase GPU power design along with upgraded Tantalum capacitors. Ultra-Responsive One-Piece Backlit Keyboard With long travel keys for instant response, the seamless one-piece backlit keyboard is a joy to use even after extended sessions. In addition to the highlighted WASD keys, you can also adjust the brightness of the red keyboard backlight at any time for maximum visibility, making it easy to game anywhere, any time. Launch Gaming Center at a Press of the ROG Key The ROG key gives you quick access to the Gaming Center dashboard where you can access system settings and build your own gamer profile. Easily view your storage and drive space availability, as well as the amount of memory used. With the G751, you can also set up to four different gaming modes, each tailored to different situations and needs. Macro Keys and Quick Access Keys The G751 features quick-access game keys and additional programmable macro keys for easy access to Steam, game recording and your frequently used commands. Realistic, Immersive Audio The ROG AudioWizard utility is an intuitive tool that allows you to easily select the ideal audio settings to suit your needs. It provides you with several preset modes specially optimized for different kinds of games and entertainment. The G751 also includes an internal Bass Eye subwoofer that’s perfectly balanced with the rest of the notebook for added low-frequency impact. Play It Cool Get to the finish line without having to power down. The G751 uses an upgraded intelligent cooling system that guarantees stability and low temperatures even when overclocking. Dual independent CPU and GPU fans adjust to each component’s needs and work with copper heatsinks to provide maximum cooling efficiency. But the notebook’s low temperatures are achieved also because of its design. The G751’s architecture quietly expels heat through the back – away from the gamer – so you can focus on owning your opponents. Choose Your Vantage Point The G751 comes future-ready, supporting 4K2K HDMI output. Now you can connect to high-resolution screens that go far beyond today’s 1080p systems. Just plug in to experience immersive, true-to-life gaming. And with Trinity Display Technology, you can output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. Watch a movie, browse the web, or game – all at once. Learn more about the ASUS G751JY-VS71(WX) Model| Brand ASUS Series ROG Model G751JY-VS71(WX) Part Number 90NB06F1-M06990 Quick Info| Color Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-4720HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR3L Storage 1 TB Optical Drive DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Graphics Card GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. CPU| CPU Type Intel Core i7 4th Gen CPU Speed 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Haswell Turbo Frequency Up to 3.6 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset| Chipset Intel HM87 Display| Screen Size 17.3" Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features In-plane Switching (IPS) Technology, supported G-Sync Operating Systems| Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics| GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Storage| HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM Memory| Memory 16 GB Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 4 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive| Optical Drive Type DVD±R/RW Optical Drive Spec DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Communications| LAN 10/100/1000Mbps WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports| USB 4 x USB 3.0 Video Port 1 x VGA, 1 x Thunderbolt HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone-in jack 2 x Headphone-out jack (SPDIF) Audio| Audio MaxxAudio support Speaker Built-in Speakers And Digital Array Microphone Built-in subwoofer Input Device| Keyboard Backlit Chiclet Keyboard Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam 1.2 MP HD Camera Card Reader SD, MMC General| Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power| Battery 88 WHrs, 4S2P, 8 cell Li-ion Battery Pack Dimensions & Weight| Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year Limited Warranty period (labor): 1 year Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.asus.com/| Support Phone: 812-282-2787 Support Website| View other products from ASUS Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Selected Items Reset compare Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Email Notifications Subscriptions Orders Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Sell on Newegg Marketplace Shipped by Newegg Become an Affiliate Become a Newegg Vendor Site Map Shop by Brand Product Review Video Center Rebates Trade-In Your Items Mobile Apps Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2017 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health VT Cancer Foundation Forum RSS Feed Newsletter Sign-Up Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT LIve & Net Radio YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Government & Politics Civil Liberties & Freedom Corruption Democracy & Elections Foreign Policy Legislation Veterans Administration (VA) History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Food, Wine & Travel Charities, Giving & Foundations Economy & Business Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) PTSD Heroes Of Interest Education Environment Humor Peace, Causes & Activism Religion Veteran Service Organizations (VSO's) Media Military WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Editorial Board-Staff VT Writers Book Store Custom Weapons Official Store Apps Polls Job Center Contact Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search Will Kissinger be a private bridge between Trump and Putin? In which Alex Jones explodes in blubbering rage at the mere mention of my name PTSD and the Toxic World Around Us Unprecented: President to Enter White House Facing Child Rape Trial Roland Organic Juicing Optimal Health Program – Happy New Year Democrat vs. Democratic Israel: Downfall of Netanyahu Predicted but Desire to Occupy Persists RT Joins the Dogs with Pit Bull Scare ‹ › Social Psychologist with Doctorate from Major Midwest Big Ten University. Retired after serving the community for over 36 years during which time there were numerous contacts with those associated with Intel and Law Enforcement. View Latest Posts >>> Subjects and Serfs of the Lesser Gods (Part I) By Preston James, Ph.D on August 26, 2016 If you sleep with dogs you can get fleas. This is worse, much worse. by Preston James   Statues of Zeus, Poseidon and Hades. It’s a good guess that the Greek and Roman Gods were based on legends from earlier times of lesser gods interacting with humans. [ Note: If you have no interest or knowledge of background in Secret Space War matters, the secret and almost completely hidden machinations of the Top Chieftains of the Khazarian Mafia (KM), or the incredibly dark, evil, etheric non-corporeal entities which they serve in order to get their power, you are probably wasting your time reading this article. For those interested, this is a long article and you can save time by reading the bold print and then the conclusion. Doing this you will get the most important points of this article. Thanks to a major world power shift that has occurred, the Khazarian Mafia (KM) has been significantly checkmated and is now being progressively and incrementally deconstructed. The KM’s biggest secrets have historically been protected by their Controlled Major Mass Media (CMMM) which refuses to publish the facts of their extreme evil because the KM Moguls that run it follow KM policy that has been set by the KM Top Chieftains. Instead of publishing the truth, the CMMM publishes KM big lies, false-narrative and USG propaganda, and by doing so has created a false social reality which makes the truth implausible to most. Since the KM assassinated JFK, this false reality has traditionally caused most Americans to view truth nuggets dispensed by the Internet’s Alternative Media as mere “conspiracy theory” by whacky “conspiracy theorists”. Gander Canada Arrow Air Flight from Egypt All secrecy is now ending, and there are so many breeches from all over the world that it cannot be stopped. Some new KM-mandated laws have slowed this process down somewhat, but those too are becoming quite ineffective. Even so, many of the most serious secrets are so obtuse, so deviant, so incredibly evil, few will be able to fit them into their heads, once told. The biggest secrets that the Top KM Chieftains live by and keep are so nasty and so esoteric that they are incredible to all but a very, very small group of those who have worked at their periphery and who have well-corroborated information and evidence they just can’t ignore. The most closely guarded secrets of the KM Chieftains and their powerful associates are their private intersections, associations, subordination, and operational “slavery” to the unimaginably evil, ethereal, non-corporeal world they have sold out to. Strangely, the KM Top Chieftains and their associates do not understand that they have lost their very souls and have become slaves of the the evil spirit guides (lesser gods) they serve, and that this path leads to only one thing — judgment and their final demise. In becoming slaves of the hidden realm to evil lesser gods (fallen ones), they have been granted the power to rule over evil on Planet Earth and have made serfs out of most of whom they rule over. Men who were lost that day on Gander Canada Arrow Air This three-part series of articles is dedicated to all who have been murdered on the orders of the KM Top Chieftains using evil subordinates who run their Intel Agencies, such as the CIA, the FBI’s Div. 5, MI-5&6, the Mossad, to mention a few. Their blood cries out from the ground for judgment against these KM Top Chieftains. Because of twisted, sick and demonic policies the KM Top Chieftains (due to their subordination to evil non-corporeal spirit entities), these notorious world’s worst criminal sociopaths have been producing all the illegal unconstitutional, unprovoked, undeclared wars of aggression and acquisition for the benefit of the KM and its associates. This article is also dedicated to all the Intel agents and federal whistle-blowers that have been “terminated with prejudice” by the secret notorious “signed findings”, and also members of Seal Team Six recently murdered by their own commanders to keep them from leaking the fact that the man they terminated, murdered by a secret “dead or alive” warrant, was actually a Colonel Tim Osman double, when the real Osama bin Laden died in late 2001 long before. McKee This article is also dedicated to the murdered US Special Forces soldiers of the Gander Canada Arrow Air Flight from Egypt, the murdered eleven US Special Forces “Spooky Teams” in South America, the murdered DIA Agent Tiny McKee and his four other team members on Pan Am 103 at Lockerbie Scotland returning to America to expose the massive CIA/Pan Am drug Trafficking pipeline into America, all murdered by orders from CIA commanders and their superiors in sinister “ends justifies the means” cover ups. The blood of all these fine American Soldiers cries out from the ground demanding justice be brought to those responsible for their murders. Anyone who would order the murder of a brother in arms is the worst kind of soulless traitor there is and deserves justice and final judgment to be delivered no matter what. And this is the typical kind of person that sits in the top Command positions inside the CIA and the Pentagon right now and continues to betray American Soldiers and Intel agents every single day. They violate their Oaths of Office and betray We The People. They deserve to be fully and publicly exposed and dealt with by federal RICO prosecutions, as well as prosecutions in International Courts for crimes against humanity, war crimes, and the tortures and murders of innocent kidnapped teenagers at numerous black prison sites, including on the notorious black prison ships. PJ ] _____________ Demiurge represented by the lion-faced serpent The Plutocrats and Oligarchs who rule us do so by means of their secret, hidden associations and strong personal relationships with other Plutocrats and Oligarchs, but they share one thing in common. In order to obtain their status they have risen through specific occult-based initiation rituals which become increasingly evil. At some point when they near the highest initiation into the KM Hierarchy, they will be approached by non-corporeal entities in the hidden spirit world and will be asked to enter into a contract, selling their very souls in exchange for extreme power over others, incredible riches and high status in society. But they have to perform seriously deviant, criminal acts in secret against the masses in order to be so empowered and to maintain their level of power attained. These acts are parasitical and required by the lesser gods they serve. In so serving these lesser gods these Plutocrats and Oligarchs have been able to create a secret kingdom, an Establishment Hierarchy which they must maintain through covert political manipulations and exercises of their secret power that has been given them. Hollywood proudly promotes the Demiurge at every opportunity To protect this kingdom of power, wealth and status they have built up a pyramidal Establishment Hierarchy. This Establishment Hierarchy is the world’s largest organized crime syndicate, the Khazarian Mafia. These Plutocrats and oligarchs who are the Top Chieftains of this KM Establishment Hierarchy syndicate have created their own Intel agencies and used them to protect their Establishment Hierarchy. In addition they have also created numerous secret, top secret, above top secret, black, deep-black and beyond-black programs hidden in various defense contractors (usually as Intel proprietaries) to create even more tools to control society and pursue technological developments that will aid their cause. These Plutocrats and Oligarchs have hijacked the American State; formed close relationships, groups and associations; and routinely invoked the false-cloak of so-called “National Security” as cover for their evil, illegal and unconstitutional deeds, which are necessary to keep We The People under control. Some of the most hidden of their secret programs are deep-black and beyond-black “unacknowledged special access programs”, often not even known by the defense contractors in which they are embedded.   These deep-black and beyond-black programs, like so many covert operations of the KM’s Intel Agencies, are financed by “black money” raised through large corporate/state bust-outs, bailouts, corporate welfare schemes, international arms, and large scale narcotic trafficking and other illegal rackets. Some of these deep-black programs have gone rogue and become a major secret power to themselves, independent of the Top Chieftains of the KM who set them up or authorized them in the first place. Raising Black funding for black programs is a very big, well-protected business of the KM. The reason the country of Mexico is a narco state and a totally failed nation is because the CIA started and built up the Mexican drug Cartels and has used them them to raise immense amounts of black funding. When one cartel gets too big and too powerful, the CIA builds up a competitor, and then covertly provokes a drug war between them. This weakens them and keeps them in check and thins the herd by producing thousands of murders, many of innocent civilians. Meanwhile they keep using these cartels to provide illegal drug profits for their large wall street banks to launder for them. Just take a wild guess why casinos have been so popular with the CIA, the world’s largest narco-trafficker that is totally controlled by the Top Chieftains of the KM. Some deep-black and Beyond-black programs have developed a life of their own, gone into secret arrangements with Alien ET groups, and have gone rogue. And some of these beyond-black programs have spun out of control and developed a life of their own, running parallel to the Power Control Group that is supposed to control them, the world’s largest organized crime syndicate, the Khazarian Mafia (KM). At least one of these programs has been transformed into a faction actively working against the KM at many levels through very sophisticated psyops, covert ops and ultra high tech psychotronics, mimicking what the KM is doing to the American masses in secret, but likely much more proficiently. In some of these beyond-black special access, unacknowledged groups, those involved have been deeply mind-kontrolled and now serve as agents of these Alien ET leaders and are helping them attain their own agenda, which plans to make an end run around the Globalist NWO Agenda of the KM. It is not too hard to imagine all the trouble this is now causing the Top Chieftains of the KM. Stay tuned, because much more is on the way. Some of the slickest covert operations in history are going to be deployed against the KM. It would be great if this Alien ET Agenda were one supportive of We The People and the human race. But so far it looks to be something just the opposite. They appear to be doing some of the things We The People want, but with what overall goal in mind, that’s the rub, because they seem to have an endgame that is anti-human and may just be clearing the field of the major power players so they can move in their place and take over openly in some form, perhaps through new Cutouts. The agenda of this certain group of Alien ETs is substantially different than the Top Chieftains of the KM, whom this Alien ET group has been using as disposable cutouts to gain control over the nations and major institutions that run humanity. Once they have done that, then they plan to dispose of humans in three intermingled ways. They plan to deploy war and disease taking a toll of 90%. This was sold to the KM Top Chieftains as necessary chem-trail spraying, high tech eugenics in the food, and vaccination poisoned healthcare, and purposeful pollution and radiation spills and contaminations. They plan at some point to start deep-sixing all the KM Cutouts and Doofuses and useful idiots who sold out their fellow humans for temporary power, riches and status, as soon as they are no longer necessary and these spirit guides (lesser gods) have set up the necessary means to relate directly to the masses and elicit a world populism they control. They will manipulate the masses to become lemmings, while the eugenics and mass deaths from war take their intended toll. The Alien ET Agenda seem like the KM’s Globalist NWO Agenda, but is actually far worse and evil beyond the imagination of most. The Alien ET Agenda is actually a secret agenda of the lesser gods, the fallen ones that rebelled against the God Almighty and were cast down and quarantined upon Planet Earth and its surrounding space. A certain group of Alien ETs are well organized “spirit entities” (lesser gods–Dracos) and have an age-old plan to repopulate the earth with their own new race of strange creatures that are Alien ET/human hybridizations. They intend to genetically engineer these new creatures and enmesh A.I. computers and “machine components” in their genetic structures, which will be triple helix-based and thus self-healing. Their special new race will be the merger of “clay and iron” will be hived by quantum A.I. capabilities built into their genetically engineered CNS. These creatures are intended to have advanced psi-powers, IQ’s of 200 and over, and will serve the group mind, preventing deviance and rebellion (as well as free will) in this new race of hived man/machine/Alien ET hybrid. Obviously much of this subject would be either incomprehensible, unimaginable to those who are not up to speed on the history related to these subjects. But there are numerous vetted witnesses who have spoken out on the US Secret Space program, Alien ETs and relationships between deep-black unacknowledged, SCI proprietaries. Slowly but continually over the last 50 years significant reports and actual USG documents have leaked out and we have anecdotal reports of those at the fringes of the KM who have talked about the incredibly deviant initiation ceremonies of the KM’s Establishment Hierarchy. There is a group of vetted, highly trained ex-military and government witnesses who have come forth in unity and spoken out against their secrecy agreements, because these secrecy agreements are null and void because of criminal behavior of those who administer them. This is Steven Greer’ MD’s Disclosure Project. I don’t agree with all his conclusions, but the evidence his group presents is rock solid as are his “first-hand” witnesses. _________ Conclusion Because there is a major cosmic correction now on the way, this sinister plan is doomed to complete failure; but because these entities running this are soulless beasts driven by evil instincts, they cannot process the truth or stop themselves from heading toward judgment and destruction. The coming break point when the KM Top Chieftains and their KM are going to be dis-empowered and taken apart at the seams is now approaching. As these monsters who walk free are de-throned, they become confused and wonder what went wrong. In Part II, the powerful effects of the worldwide Internet in exposing the unimaginable evil of the Khazarian Mafia and their counter measures will be explored. _________ This can be a negative and depressing subject so I have included some great entertainment from the very best Blues man out there who has an uplifting back-story to share. Besides being the world’s top stage performer and top Blues Guitarist, Joe Bonamassa is a populist. His story is one of incredible success despite enormous odds against him. He refused to sell out to the music industry and started his own company after deciding to create his own following and his own business. He deals directly with blues lovers and has a very big following because he shares so much personal information and so much great music. Joe has overcome almost impossible odds and risen to the top independently outside the mainstream corporate music industry, a feat that almost never occurs anymore. Joe has his own website, tells his full story openly and provides lots of his best music for free to those that can’t buy his excellent DVDs and CDs and cannot attend his shows. He has the best video and audio techs, records everything now in HD and has the best sound engineering and video production possible. He has made several videos on his life story and those he works with which are very interesting. Joe has the very best in his band. He doesn’t care what their age, race or sex is, he will play with them if they are the best. His music is ever expanding and some of his new work is amazing. Joe started out as a guitar prodigy and after extensive voice lessons by the best, he has progressed to the very top. What he has done is almost impossible but early on he decided to always pick quality people to work with. If you look closely you will notice Joe is playing a guitar previously owned by the great Albert King. When Joe performs it is obviously he puts out 100%, everything he’s got, and this man is oozing with raw pure talent. His popularity is growing by the day and his following who frequent his website is international in scope now. He has just recently reached top superstar status by dealing directly with the people, having the best performances anywhere and recording and selling his own videos in HD without the big recording corporations being involved. He never seems to run out of great new material and each performance seems even better, harder hitting than before. This incredible artist deserves all the success he has now attained. He worked very hard for every bit of it and its taken 25 years of hard work and dedication to attain this success which has placed him at the very top. Here is one of his new recordings from his new DVD Live at the Greek Theater, and it is pretty amazing. _______________ Related Posts: Subjects and Serfs of the Lesser Gods (Part II) Subjects and Serfs of the Lesser Gods (Part III) Unfathomable Hypocrisy of the USG and its Network News Kingpins and Cutouts, Aliens and Hybrids Where were You When the Anti-Christ Came? The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Preston James, Ph.D on August 26, 2016, With 21096 Reads Filed under Investigations. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 37 Responses to "Subjects and Serfs of the Lesser Gods (Part I)" Karla Mink  September 1, 2016 at 3:11 pm You wrote: “But they have to perform seriously deviant, criminal acts in secret against the masses in order to be so empowered and to maintain their level of power attained.” It is not done in secret. It’s in our collective faces . . . JFK was a “hit” . . . he didn’t sign off on Operation Northwoods which was penned by KM Joint Chief of Staff Lyman “Lie Man” Lemnitzer. Then the investigations, which are always crocks of shit, are obfuscated by the very people who cover the trail. Pathological people are allowed to rise to the creamy top . . . amid scandals in your face deviancy, criminal acts. It’s so covert . . . it’s overt. It’s so shallow . . . it’s deep. Log in to Reply jensingr  August 30, 2016 at 12:49 pm Seal Team Six, true patriots, American heroes, who deserve to be remembered! (and btw, the CMMM is parading an imposter around who is pretending to be the one who shot “Bin Laden”) Log in to Reply LC  August 29, 2016 at 7:24 pm [Editor’s note: Please, no more nonsense about shapeshifting reptiles, David Icke’s forum is the place for such rubbish, not here.] Log in to Reply LC  August 30, 2016 at 7:14 pm RiteOn here:::: The original interview was about Killary’s health after her stroke where she kept telling Dian Sawyer that she was in perfect shape while her eyes kept criss-crossing & shocking Sawyer in this comedy clip in YouTube::::: Hillary Clinton’s Health Problems Interview Proof That Hillary’s Health Is Fantastic – CONAN on TBS Mike Jackson  September 1, 2016 at 2:10 pm In my view everything you’ve written is accurate about the K-Z-M, why do you have to ruin your credibility with this alien overlords blood mix garbage. Same thing with Jeff Rense, he mixes truth, half-truths and complete imbecility so I can’t take him seriously. There’s not one shred of proof offered anywhere aliens, ufo’s or little green men exist anywhere at anytime, why talk about it, it is gibberish. You just come across as a loon when I read this garbage intermixed with the truth. LC  September 2, 2016 at 6:52 pm Thanks Mike for your approval of my RKM comments. Much of it was inspired by Dr. Preston James articles & interviews. ++ I didn’t believe in shapeshifter stuff either till last year mostly starting from postings of Dr. Preston James which led me to the others like Icke +++ Just curious what do you think happens here with peoples eyes in some of the real clips (not faked ones) which come up if you put stuff like this in YouTube::::: shapeshifting eyes ++ a real report:::: I recently asked a hair stylist lady if she had ever seen any of her clients’ appearance change. She told this episode::::: Not a client. But one time in the 90s I attended a barbecue party and one guy I started talking to his eyes changed shapes & colors & his pupils also turned to vertical. I got so scared I ran out of that place & drove away in a panic!!!! John Nicholoft  August 28, 2016 at 8:20 pm Excellent article, Dr. James. Thank you for your diligence and courage. I have come to several conclusions in the last year as I have sought to connect the dots found over the last 50 years. The American Military is sadly the Hessians of the NWO. This observation is not critical in any way of our patriots who serve in the military. They do not know the traitors in our government such as Henry Kissinger and his ilk are wrongfully wasting their lives and efforts. The Khazars are tares planted in the wheat by satan to rob the true descendants of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob of their promised land and standing with God. The “Christian’ church is unbelievably stupid and ignorant. It has been totally duped into accepting the Ashkenazi converts to Judaism as Hebrews. Anti Zionism is not anti Semitism. The Ashkenazi is not Semitic- not a drop of Jacob’s blood in them! There is a lot of money involved in the support of Israel (Khazarland)- don’t know how that greed could be overcome. The grand design of satan is to dilute if not remove the bloodline of Jacob sufficient that there is no Jew for the fulfillment of the end time prophecies. I’ve read the end of the Book and satan gets his ass kicked along with all of his following. The jerk knows this but is simply looking to take as many as he can with him. I pray our LORD and Savior returns soon to take away the misery of this world. Log in to Reply jonnbrown  August 28, 2016 at 12:02 pm AWESOME, Sir. Thank you. Log in to Reply Imre Tihanyi  August 28, 2016 at 3:27 pm The greatest conspiracy that the world is under, today, is the independent Jewish Freemasons, the “B’nai B’rith”, or as it was known at the start, on October 13, 1843, “BUNDES-BRUDER”, it was set up by eleven Jewish freemasons; in a New York Coffee House, Henry Jones, proposed to, Isaac Rosenbourg, William Renau, Reuben Rodacher, Henry Kling, Henry Anspacher, Isaac Dittenhoefer, Jonas Hecht, Micheal Schwab, Hirsch Heinaman, Valentin Koon, and Samuel Schafer. Today of the some 16 million Jews on this planet about half a million are members of the B’nai B’rith, secret conspirational Society! They are the ones, calling the shots in the world on Politics, Economies, and Wars! Preston James, Ph.D  August 28, 2016 at 8:13 pm You are welcome. taylormoore  August 28, 2016 at 11:17 am Noted a few remarks regarding CERN. Have studied a little bit about it myself. Can’t offer any definitive opinion other than to say that what is supposedly being done is far, far, far beyond my skill set. As Dr. James and others learn more and share insight and connect whatever dots to our Khazarian Mafia-driven bizarre reality, I will be motivated to read and learn. By the way, really terrific blues music Dr. James shared in this his latest VT article. Thanks. Log in to Reply concernedvet5  August 28, 2016 at 12:33 am Thanks again Dr. James for another awesome article on this very difficult to deal with subject. Svali was an Illuminati whistleblower who was introduced on the scene several years ago. She spoke of a time where the “elite” or Illuminati would present themselves to the public as their hidden leaders and “creators”. She called it the “revealing”. It was supposedly slated for around 2020 or 2025, but it appears their plans may have been thwarted. Is this conflict you mention above perhaps a part of this planned turn of events? Log in to Reply concernedvet5  August 28, 2016 at 12:25 am Heard from a few sources including UK’s Simon Parkes that there was an attempt to use the technology at Cern to open a portal. It was to be used by the reptilian species in question for further needed supplies and equipment. Supposedly the last few “tests” have been unsuccessful and the portal has remained closed and non-functional. The act of a human sacrifice has a similar effect, in that it is meant to open portals to allow these dark energies to cross over and work here…so I would not be to quick to call the video in the news from a week ago a fake. Log in to Reply Altimometer  August 27, 2016 at 9:20 pm Dr. what do you think of the more than 50 years of work by Jordan Maxwell? Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  August 28, 2016 at 10:51 am Jordan Maxwell has discovered some quite interesting esoteric based practices of the secret rulers. Where we differ is that he seems beat down, defeated, seems to have little hope. I have lots of hope. I believe there is a God Almighty that will intervene as He has so many times in the past. Every time the secret rulers try to take over the whole world, judgment falls and they are pushed back. Those who love God, then love their neighbors as themselves(treat them the way they want to be treated) will come through this okay and will have an exciting future to look forward to in a future existence that has complete peace, health and justice. taylormoore  August 29, 2016 at 11:00 am Quoting our good man, Dr. Preston James: “Those who love God, then love their neighbors as themselves(treat them the way they want to be treated) will come through this okay and will have an exciting future to look forward to in a future existence that has complete peace, health and justice.” Sure hope he turns out right! Have to admit that all of this has me nearly beat down to a pulp. I most definitely can feel Jordan’s despondency and demoralization. It is a huge step in the right direction when VT through Gordon and Mike publicly shared the term “Khazarian Mafia”. With that laser beam definition, now many of us can place our finger on the face of the true enemy. How far do the Khazarian Mafia’s tentacles reach? Virtually every secret and notoriously nefarious organization? Or, are there other cunning, diabolical earthly forces outside the sphere of the KM? Ir order to win (and wouldn’t that be great!), it is first necessary to understand precisely who the enemy is. One thing that appears quite certain: it, the enemy, sure as hell ain’t Putin! jensingr  August 30, 2016 at 1:24 pm @taylormoore: “So shall it be at the end of the world, the angels shall come forth, and SEVER the wicked from among the just.” There can not be a world full of lab created alien hybrids, nano-robots, supersoldiers or demonically possessed humans without Divine Intervention! It is the Law of Nature and Creation. darrelld  August 27, 2016 at 7:14 pm Excellent article, but I think it best if you stick with talking about the evil spirits and not talk about E.T. Aliens as if they are independent of the former. All the evidence points to the truth that the latter are but physical manifestations of evil spirits/demons, and they tend to make people disbelieve in demons and the existence of hell. Here is a powerful and efficacious prayer that Pope Leo XIII composed after having a vision of what the devil, i.e., Satan and his fallen cohorts planned to do in the 20th and 21st Centuries: St. Michael the Archangel, defend us in battle. Be our defense against the wickedness and snares of the Devil. May God rebuke him, we humbly pray, and do thou, O Prince of the heavenly hosts, by the power of God, thrust into hell Satan, and all the evil spirits, who prowl about the world seeking the ruin of souls. Amen. All priests said this prayer after celebrating Mass from the time of Leo XIII (d. 1903) to after Vatican II (1962-1965), when it was eliminated from the new Mass which got tragically imposed on the Church with disastrous results. Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  August 28, 2016 at 8:18 pm You have a fairly large number of Christian believers that support your view and you may be correct. Some folks believe the Alien ETs certain deep-black Intel groups have entered into working arrangements with are of two types, evil and good. I only have personal and direct knowledge some the evil ones. I have also heard the idea the the good ones are deceptive and playing out a script to con folks and mind-kontrol them into going along with their own secret agenda and are thus actually not good at all. We shall have to wait and see. Someday all truth with be shouted from the rooftops. The Internet is the beginning of this strong trend toward the end of all secrecy and is too far advanced now to ever be stopped, so stay tuned. This is going to get very interesting fast. jensingr  August 30, 2016 at 1:45 pm @darrelid The prayer to Michael the Archangel works against all evil beings including their master Satan. I found out how powerful it is because in the actual true case that the movie “The Exorcist” was made from, that prayer and a small statue of Michael the Archangel was what finally worked to remove Satan from the 13 year old boy, after dauntimg months of performing the Rite of Exorcism. It took only 3 minutes. The boy was uplifted off the bed by unseen hands and held up while a battle ensued inside. They could hear the commotion between Michael and Satan. After 3 minutes, the boy went limp and fell on the bed completely fine. You can find the detailed notes that were written by the two Priests that were involved. Of course, the satanic hollyweird perverted version of the story changed it to a 13 year old girl and directed her to do disgusting things and speak vile insults with a old man’s voice. And they left out the most important part that Michael the Archangel has ultimate power over Satan! MileHighLife  August 27, 2016 at 3:33 pm As usual, Dr. James, I appreciate your efforts toward awakening humanity to the horrors that have kept humanity in slavery for centuries, if not from our very beginnings. For years I’ve researched everything David Icke, Phillip Schneider (Dulce Wars) to David Wilcock, Corey Good, Dr. Michael Salla, Vatican crimes, Sitchen, VT etc. in my own pursuit of Truth. Not saying I buy everything sold, all I know is there’s a helluva lot more to human His-story, this planet, universe, and the life in it than We have been taught — which leads to only One conclusion: “They” are hiding something they’re very much afraid for humanity to learn. The question then becomes…WTF is it? Log in to Reply Celsiusrising  August 27, 2016 at 1:31 pm There certainly are discarnate entities throughout this world, of all stripes. It boils down to this; there are 3 possible stances for such entities.(1) spiritual beings that will help if consciously sought after. (2)Those that are indifferent and pursuing their own agenda. (3) Those that are malicious and anti-human. The last two, may be difficult to discern any difference between them. Log in to Reply jensingr  August 30, 2016 at 2:04 pm Some entities ARE malicious and anti-human but there are physical differences: ET’s are flesh and blood. Demons have never had physical form but crave to take over a body and then destroy it from within. Demons can posses ET’s. jamesjohnson  August 27, 2016 at 12:36 pm “Now I am become death, the destroyer of worlds.” J Robert Oppenheimer quoting Vishnu… and that is the theme for CERN? Log in to Reply Snoop Dough  August 27, 2016 at 9:09 am Nothing strange, for we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places! Wherefore, put on the whole armour of G-D! Now I would know nothing among you, but Christ crucified, the beginning of your strength and victory and joy unspeakable. Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  August 27, 2016 at 10:46 am Could not have been better stated. That is what we are up against. Preston James, Ph.D  August 27, 2016 at 6:26 am I don’t know much about Cern and am not a nuclear phsicist, but the strange ritual which looked like a fake human sacrifice that occurred at Cern inside the locked gates which has armed security suggests that those who run it were involved. Or the Indian statute at Cern Shiva which allegedly can symbolize destruction and death. Like the new EU tunnel opening ceremony with strange dancers at the Swiss Gothard tunnel, another obvious ritual. It could just be harmless esoteric rituals by secret society folks, or it could be much much more. Until we have vetted reports of insiders who defect psychologically, we cannot know for certain what Cern is all about as far as these esoteric displays go. But if it turns out that Cern is concerned with more than just colliding atomic particles that would not surprise me. Log in to Reply Theognostos  August 27, 2016 at 4:55 am Since the fall of Adam the First…fro Higher Heaven to this lower world ….genetic material is being taken to make new ‘adams’ and ‘eves’ …to intoduce specie within human genetic code….culmination is using the genetic code to clone a body for the antichrist…this has been accomplished he is satan among us…now..waiting to bevealed.. Log in to Reply Theognostos  August 27, 2016 at 4:48 am The war in the heavens is in John’s Revelation as well as in the Gospel… “The Light shines in the darkness and the darkness did not overcome” The Light the True Light we beheld His Glory is Jesus Christ. Log in to Reply Theognostos  August 27, 2016 at 4:43 am Thanatos is a real entity angelic fallen winged being And… Zeus (Dias)Tetragrammaton is a real being And … Poseidon….. And… Athes(Hades) Jesus went and took the keys from Hades…. Zeus fell and joined satan(yaltampaoth, samael, donkey god) Log in to Reply Theognostos  August 27, 2016 at 4:35 am Truth at http://www.fotobolostoxotis@yahoo.com Log in to Reply Dr. Aunk  August 27, 2016 at 2:38 am Dr. James, you are speaking in 21st century language of what our ancestors, the Gnostics, or ancient Kemetic priest, warned us about 2000 years ago. Yes the KM vermin will be disposed of like so much use less wiping paper they are. The Archons, or alien jealous cousins, think their transhumanist agenda is being implemented by the “elite”, but that luminous child (humanity) will prevail. The disinfecting light of the internet is vanquishing the enemy of humanity. Thank you for your work. Log in to Reply Edward Longshanks  August 27, 2016 at 2:32 am Comparable ancient hellenic and roman Gods were introduced during the Dorian wanderings from the North-East. Zeus is a sound shift from Ziu-Tiu. You still find it in “Tuesday”. Teutonics, Deutsche means the tribes of Ziu. The church used without exception all heathen feast- or holidays and tried to exchange the meanings. Some of those attempts did not reach the goal. The names of the Month’ were exchanged in Roman names. But in the daynames they failed fortunately. The morpegs like World of Warcraft are memories of our ancient life, when we had the sensebility to be aware of magic levels. We lost this ability. “Magic spells” are in reality more subtile but the modern human needs a visualization to get it. Already in ancient times of Rome and Hellas the ability to be aware was gone. The humanization of Gods led to useless monotheism. Log in to Reply ayelyahbenjamin  August 27, 2016 at 12:05 am we are further along, not a case of what they plan to do, they are doing it…. in another space the transfer has already taken place… first lock-in, as they are locked out…. the power source from which they draw is quick-set to dry up fast…lov’in the music Log in to Reply the truth please  August 26, 2016 at 11:38 pm Dr James, a few years ago it dawned on me after much deep thinking and before I read anything of your work that there was more to the problems on planet Earth than power crazy politicians. I reasoned that our problems just had to be from an off world or inter-dimensional nature. This or these entities new what they were doing, to me their intentions were to get the human race to turn on its self, to self destruct with wars and greed (for us to do their work for them). They stay hidden, manipulating and directing events and all the time worming deeper into society ready to take complete control. The worst thing is most humans would not realize they had been invaded and taken over so subtle is this entity. I know I may not be right in all I say, but when I read your work it was refreshing to know I was on the right track. Please keep up the good work. Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  August 27, 2016 at 6:33 am Truth please, you are another example of the typical VT reader who is remarkably well informed about events not covered truthfully by the Controlled Major Mass Media (CMMM) and the policies and groups that really set the agenda politically and socially. It is obvious that VT readers are some of the brightest best informed most knowledgeable individuals anywhere. I continue to be impressed by the knowledge base and expertise of VT readers on so many issues as evidenced by their excellent comments. jensingr  August 30, 2016 at 2:21 pm @truth please, Not only are they manipulating and directing all of the misfortunes and disasters upon us, but they FEED ON IT. It is the substance that keeps them going. That is the reason for all of the false flags, murders of actors, musicians, etc. to cause negative emotions which is their life blood! (in addition to the actual human blood they ingest at their occult satanic ceremonies.) You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments Will Kissinger be a private bridge between Trump and Putin? In which Alex Jones explodes in blubbering rage at the mere mention of my name PTSD and the Toxic World Around Us Unprecented: President to Enter White House Facing Child Rape Trial Roland Organic Juicing Optimal Health Program – Happy New Year Democrat vs. Democratic Israel: Downfall of Netanyahu Predicted but Desire to Occupy Persists RT Joins the Dogs with Pit Bull Scare Will this Syrian ceasefire die like all before it? Benjamin Freedman Exposed the Khazarian Mafia Avnery – The UNSC Resolution Alla Pierce – Polish ambitions in global politics in 2017 CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months Jordan Army Chief Says ISIL Militants Acquired Anti-Aircraft Missiles Iraqi army makes gains in Mosul as ISIS suicide blasts kill 28 in Baghdad Three Perennial Lies in the World Military, Political and Diplomatic Trends Of 2016 That Will Shape 2017 NEO – Clooney and the “White Helmets,” Dupe or Dope? American Insanity: Time to End Billions of Taxpayer Monies Sent to Fund Crazy 19th Century Zionist Dreams A Storm Is Coming (12999) Should Putin liberate the Golan Heights? (9216) Did Israel Down a Russian Jet Over UNSC Smackdown? (UPDATE) (8502) UFOs and the Secret German Space Program (6944) Times of Israel: Netanyahu goes to war with the world (5817) CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? (4355) VT: We are winning the fake news war (4200) Forbidden Videos, White Helmet Executioners and More (4001) And the biggest false flag story of 2016 is…. (3816) Syria-Gate: NATO weaponry and personnel in East Aleppo (3611) Trakkath: CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? Edward Longshanks: CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? David Ansible: In which Alex Jones explodes in blubbering rage at the mere mention of my name Edward Longshanks: CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? Trakkath: Three Perennial Lies in the World Trakkath: Alla Pierce – Polish ambitions in global politics in 2017 Trakkath: Alla Pierce – Polish ambitions in global politics in 2017 Edward Longshanks: CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? Edward Longshanks: RT Joins the Dogs with Pit Bull Scare kaho: CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? VT Readers Poll Do You Support USA Abstaining from UN Resolution on Illegal Israeli Settlements on Indigenous Peoples Land? Yes, agree with USA abstaining Yes, but I wish they would have VOTED in agreement in rest of world No, USA should have VETO'd the vote and stand with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Johnson Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Ed Mattson Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Kevin Barrett Leo Emil Wanta Michael Shrimpton Mike Harris Paul Fitzgerald Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood World News Tommor.. Personal Finance View all Follow these simple steps to improve your personal finances in 2017 Follow these simple steps to improve your personal finances in 2017 How to Set, And Keep, Your Personal-Finance Resolutions 5 financial habits to adopt to get wiser about wealth in 2017 National News View all Farming programs helps veterans learn to farm Farming programs helps veterans learn to farm Schools receive recognition for honoring local veterans New Law Provides Fertility Treatment Benefits To Wounded Veterans Foundation News View all Cancer Care for Our Veterans Cancer Care for Our Veterans VA Research on Cancer Career News View all Texas judge takes specialized court for veterans on the road Texas judge takes specialized court for veterans on the road Spring Mobile Joins HireVeterans.com! Area groups to offer veterans’ resource fair in January Network News View all VT Welcomes Scott Stockdale to our Staff Writer Team at VNN VT Welcomes Scott Stockdale to our Staff Writer Team at VNN Esteemed Broadcaster Dan Yaseen Joins VT VT Thanks Readers While Reviewing 2016 and Updates for 2017   Listen Live Radio TV Video Common Law vs. Corporatocracy in Pennsylvania: Radio Free Kanata, January 1, 2017 St. Aquinas on Endtimes & Antichrist’s Arrival Before the Triumph” “Meteor Warning for 2017” China Rising: Capitalist Roads, Socialist Destinations Exposing Fake News with Mike Harris Tribulation Cometh: Church & World In Eclipse TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH From Veterans Today Network Updated: Syrian Special Forces captured 14 US Coalition officers captured in Aleppo UPDATED: Turkish Intel Murders Russian Ambassador in Ankara, in Erdogan False Flag Ploy Aleppo Freed, Biggest US Defeat Since Vietnam The Coming War on Pedophilia? Did Israel Down a Russian Jet Over UNSC Smackdown? (UPDATE) The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) A Storm Is Coming Jacob Rothschild is Guilty for the Conspiracy Against Humankind Satanic Pedophile Cabal’s Iron Grip of Evil Qatari princess having sex with seven men VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Should Putin liberate the Golan Heights? JFK Jr. Told the World Who Murdered His Father Sandy Hook Hoax: How we know it didn’t happen Berlin Terror Attack: The Only Option for Israel? Syria officially reveals data about foreign Intel officers in Aleppo CNN sympathizes with Ankara assassin U.S. Officials: Russia and Assad Won Syrian War, New World Order Agents Lost   Russia to annihilate killers of its doctor(s) in Aleppo UFOs and the Secret German Space Program Breaking: US Trying to Rescue Intelligence Officers from Eastern Aleppo City CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? The Khazarian Mafia and their marionettes want to rule the world Times of Israel: Netanyahu goes to war with the world Mila Kunis: Hollywood producers want actresses to be pimps Vladimir Putin to NWO agents and Barack Obama: So, you want to get in the ring for a real fight? Vladimir Putin morally and intellectually humiliates Satanist Masha Gessen again Christmas Myth: Was Jesus Jewish? Top 5 Most Racist Countries in the World The role of the Spetsnaz in the liberation of Aleppo The Silent Coup: Putin vs. the Oligarchs Intel Drop, December 13, 2016 Russia’s Churkin takes Samantha Power to the woodshed on ‘moderate opposition’ myth Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) Russia and UN Condemn Trump on Israel and it won’t go away The Trump Card is played! Never Underestimate THE FOOL Large Number of Turkish, Saudi (Israeli) Officers Deployed in Syria’s Aleppo City Zio-Gladio strikes Europe! Berlin suspect, NATO auditor shot dead Anti-9/11-truth propaganda film “Sully” was produced by Steven Mnuchin Trump’s Nazi Supporters Aghast as Mossad Chief Joins Trump Transition Team Benjamin Freedman Exposed the Khazarian Mafia Russia tells Assad there is no ‘military solution’ for Syria And the biggest false flag story of 2016 is…. When the Lying Starts VT: We are winning the fake news war Mainstream Media Confirm Dalai Lama is A CIA Asset DealDash a Scam? 90% OFF or Rip-Off? Trump, Russia and Israel, a Fake Detente and Real Terrorism US Ambassador Samantha Power: Russia, Iran and Assad ruin our wicked plan in Syria Forbidden Videos, White Helmet Executioners and More Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video VT Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Policy | Job Board | Job News | Money | Forums | Net Radio | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Veterans Today Cancer Foundation | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 02, 9:46 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple ‘Likely’ To Use Intel Chips In Future iOS Devices But TSMC Already Secured A11 Processor For 2017 iPhone By Corazon Victorino On 08/26/16 AT 7:14 PM Close Apple is “likely” to order processors for its iOS-running devices from Intel once it is done with its 2017 releases, insiders said on Friday. Hence, consumers can expect their new devices from the Cupertino giant to come with Intel chips starting 2018. According to Nikkei Asian Reveiw, Intel's recent pledge to expand its chip-making business is actually a move that the company is doing to secure that Apple would ask it for chip supplies and hopefully ditch Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSMC), though the latter is set to provide the Cupertino giant with processor chips for its 2016-2017 lineup of iOS devices.  As part of this move, Intel, which is the world’s largest chipmaker by revenue, has revealed that it will be licensing technology from ARM to widen its reach among smartphone companies. Intel has apparently been struggling in the mobile industry, while ARM is monopolizing smartphone chip technology, so this deal is necessary in order for Intel to realize its plan.  For TSMC’s part, it has become the largest contract chipmaker because of its close partnership with ARM over the past decade. However, TSMC is based in Taiwan, while Intel is based in the U.S., and given that Apple has been yearning to order key components of its devices from a U.S.-based firm, Intel’s move could really make Apple reconisder its partnership with TSMC.  Related Stories Apple's 2017 iPhone Will Not Feature A Home Button, New Report Says "TSMC could face tough competition as soon as 2018 or 2019 as Intel is likely to gain orders from Apple by then. Intel has begun to engage with Apple and it aims to grab one or two top-tier customers from TSMC,” veteran semiconductor analyst at research company Gartner Samuel Wang said.  MacRumors reports that Intel could be Apple’s supplier of a portion of the tentatively named A12 chips for the Cupertino giant’s iPhones in 2018, since TSMC has already been confirmed to be the supplier of A10 and A11 chips for this year’s iPhone 7 models and next year’s 10th anniversary iPhone, respectively. "Intel is definitely the most formidable challenger for TSMC. There is no rivalry between Apple and Intel so it's really likely that Apple could shift some orders there. The move is also in line with Washington's policy to encourage U.S. companies to make more products at home,” a senior Taiwanese chip industry executive told Nikkei.  With Intel’s decision to partner with ARM, Apple will soon have another CPU supplier option aside from TSMC and Samsung. It can be noted that Apple exclusively partnered with Samsung for its processors a few years back before dividing that responsibility to TSMC and the South Korean brand for the A9 processor of its iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE handsets, Apple Insider has learned.    Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of January. Technology HTC Ocean Note Will Be Called U Ultra The HTC U Ultra is said to come with a 6-inch display and will be revealed on Jan. 12. World American Survived Istanbul Attack By 'Playing Dead' William Jacob Raak took a bullet and remained in place as a rampage went on around him. National Lake Erie Plane Crash Victim Was College Student Megan Casey was returning home with her family after seeing an NBA game when the plane she was flying in disappeared. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to main content Developer Zone Join today Log in Development OS Android* Chrome* HTML5 Windows* Device 2-in-1 & Ultrabook™ Business Client Embedded Systems IoT Server, Workstation, HPC Technology Big Data Dual Screen Game Dev Intel® RealSense™ ISA Extensions Machine Learning Modern Code Networking Open Source Storage Tools Developer Type Embedded Systems Game Dev Media Technical, Enterprise, HPC Web OS All Tools Android* HTML5 Linux* OS X* Windows* Resources Code Samples Contact Support Documentation Free Software Intel Registration Center Product Forums SDKs Resources Partner with Intel Academic Program Partner Spotlight Black Belt Developer Developer Mesh Innovator Program Success Stories Learn Blog Business Tips Events Videos Support Contact Support Developer Evangelists FAQs Forums Search form Search You are here Home › Forums › Intel® Developer Zone Talk Back › Watercooler / Catchall Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Digg Delicious Google Plus   Multi-byte NOP opcode made official Multi-byte NOP opcode made official Agner Sat, 04/22/2006 - 07:07 The latest version of IA-32 Intel Architecture Software Developers Manual Volume 2B: Instruction Set Reference, N-Z (ftp://download.intel.com/design/Pentium4/manuals/25366719.pdf) contains the opcode for a multi-byte NOP instruction. The opcode is 0F 1F mod-000-rm The multi-byte NOP can have any length up to 9 bytes. Quite useful for alignment. The manual says that this multi-byte NOP works on all processors with family number 6 or F, which is all Intel processors back to Pentium Pro (except Pentium MMX). I have verified that it works. I was surprised to discover that it works also on an AMD64 processor, although it is not documented in AMD manuals. I didn't find it on any website of undocumented opcodes. How come that this opcode has been kept secret for so many years? Why is it made official now? How come it works on AMD processors when noone else has discovered it, and AMD recommends the opcode 66 66 66 90 for multibyte NOP? I guess this is not the right place to ask about AMD processors, but how do I safely detect whether the multi-byte NOP is supported on an AMD processor? There is no use for this opcode unless you have an absolutely safe method of detecting whether it is supported, and this detection method works on all brands. www.agner.org RSS Top 5 posts / 0 new Last post For more complete information about compiler optimizations, see our Optimization Notice. Log in to post comments Agner Sat, 04/22/2006 - 10:38 Well, I have found part of the explanation in: http://www.sandpile.org/post/msgs/20004129.htm Opcodes 0F 18 through 0F 1F are hinting NOPs reserved for future use. This is the reason why it doesn't cause exceptions on old processors back to Pentium Pro. I tried it on a Pentium MMX and it gives an exception. Are the hinting NOP codes official? And when were they first made so? www.agner.org Top Log in to post comments Intel Software Network Support Wed, 04/26/2006 - 22:47 We are forwarding your question to our engineering contacts. We will let you know how they respond. Regards, Lexi S. IntelSoftware NetworkSupport http://www.intel.com/software Contact us Top Log in to post comments Intel Software Network Support Tue, 05/23/2006 - 21:22 Thank you for your patience. The response we received from our engineering contacts is that the informationunder discussionis likelyIntel Confidential, and therefore would require an NDA to be in place prior to disclosure. If your company has its own Intel representative, you may wish to inquire whether they are able to assist with this inquiry. Your company's Purchasing Department will normally have your Intel representative's contact information. If you have no contact, please see http://www.intel.com/buy/networking/design.htm under "Design Components". If your location is not listed, please see an Intel Authorized Distributor and ask for a Field Application Engineer (FAE). Our Intel Authorized Distributor list is also linked from the URL above. Regards, Lexi S. IntelSoftware NetworkSupport http://www.intel.com/software Contact us Top Log in to post comments Igor Levicki Mon, 07/14/2008 - 09:28 Sorry for bringing up the old thread folks, but I would like some clarification on this. I am not interested in those details Agner was pursuing, but I would really like to know the following: Why regular NOPs weren't enough? Assuming that those hinting NOP instructions will have variable length (because they are most likely intended for padding), how exactly are they meant to improve decoding speed when current decoding bottleneck for x86 is in determining the instruction boundaries? So, any chance to at least get the answers to the above questions without the NDA Lexi? Regards, Igor Levicki Top Back to original post Leave a Comment Please sign in to add a comment. Not a member? Join today Support Terms of Use *Trademarks Privacy Cookies Publications Intel® Developer Zone Newsletter Intel® Parallel Universe Magazine Look for us on: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube English 简体中文 Español Português Rate Us
null
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Windows 2016 Offer Aimed at Luring Away VMware Customers       Microsoft's Windows 2016 Offer Aimed at Luring Away VMware Customers     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-08-26 Print               DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft dangles Free Windows Server 2016 offer for VMware shops; IBM takes aim at Intel with upcoming Power9 chips; Nvidia unveils powerful new processor for self-driving cars; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos Amazon Refuses to Give Police Echo Digital Assistant User Transcripts DAILY VIDEO: Amazon resists warrant for Echo digital assistant user transcripts; South Korea fines... Congressional Study Concludes Strong Encryption Important for Economy DAILY VIDEO: Congressional study backs strong encryption essential for U.S. economy; Container... Security Flaws Detected in Panasonic Airline Entertainment System DAILY VIDEO: Security vulnerabilities found in airline entertainment systems; Akamai acquires... Facebook to Hire 'Head of News' to Help Rein in Phony Articles DAILY VIDEO: Facebook strategy to halt fake news includes a 'Head of News'; Google releases test set... Red Hat Extends OpenStack Cloud Platform 10 Support for Up to 5 Years DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat OpenStack Platform 10 extends cloud support; Google releases National Security... Yahoo Confirms Another Hack Affecting 1 Billion Users DAILY VIDEO: Yahoo suffers new hack; 1 Billion users impacted this time; Uber starts up self-driving... Sprint Introduces HPUE Wireless Range-Extending Technology DAILY VIDEO: Sprint’s new HPUE tech promises to extend reach of its 2.5 GHz service; Microsoft,... 34 People Arrested in Global Crackdown on DDOS Attack Service Users DAILY VIDEO: 34 people arrested in global roundup of DDoS service customers; Apple updates macOS and... New Kubernetes Release Enables Container Management on Windows Server DAILY VIDEO: Kubernetes 1.5 brings container management to Windows; Cisco Security Business Group... Samsung Readies Note7 Software Update to Disable Battery Charging DAILY VIDEO: Samsung to send out Note7 software update to totally disable charging; Microsoft... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Microsoft Dangles Free Windows Server 2016 Offer for VMware Shops IBM Takes Aim at Intel With Upcoming Power9 Chips Nvidia Unveils Powerful New Processor for Self-Driving Cars Google to Penalize Sites Running Pop-Up Ads on Mobile Devices       Today's topics include Microsoft's plan to win over VMware customers by offering them Windows Server 2016 for free, IBM's plan to claim some of Intel's server chip market share, Nvidia's unveiling of its new processor meant for autonomous vehicles and Google's goal to penalize sites that are running pop-up ads on mobile devices. Despite Microsoft's high-profile entry into server virtualization back in 2008, VMware continues to dominate the desktop and server virtualization space. Sure, Redmond has made some solid gains. In fact, Gartner called Microsoft "a mainstream contender for enterprise use" in its latest analysis of the market—but VMware remains the to-go vendor for organizations seeking to get the most from their server hardware investments. In a renewed push just before the September launch of Windows Server 2016, which includes Microsoft's Hyper-V virtualization technology, the software giant announced a new offer to entice current VMware vSphere customers. "From September 1, 2016, through June 30, 2017, customers who switch workloads from VMware to Hyper-V can get free Windows Server Datacenter licenses when buying Windows Server Datacenter + Software Assurance," announced Microsoft in an Aug. 24 blog post. IBM officials want to remind businesses that Intel's x86 processors aren't the only server chips on the market. Company engineers were at the Hot Chips 2016 show in Cupertino, Calif., this week to talk about Big Blue's upcoming Power9 processors, which are scheduled to hit the market next year and promise a broad range of capabilities that will make the architecture attractive for an array of workloads, from hyperscale data centers to machine learning and artificial intelligence. They reiterated many of the key assets of Power9, from its new architecture that will offer up to 24 processing cores and its ability to run with a wide array of accelerators like GPUs, field-programmable gate arrays and application-specific integrated circuits for faster performance to embracing such technologies as Nvidia's NVLink 2.0 and PCI Express 4.0. It's a cornerstone of IBM's larger effort to carve into Intel's dominant share of the server chip market, where more than 90 percent of all systems run on x86 chips from Intel. Nvidia is driving forward its ambitions in the fast-growing autonomous vehicle space with a powerful new mobile processor that pairs its latest Denver 2.0 CPU and Pascal-based GPUs to control deep-learning applications that will make cars smart enough to recognize and respond to obstacles such as bikers and pedestrians. Nvidia engineers unveiled the details of the Tegra "Parker" processor this week at the Hot Chips 2016 show, noting the chip is aimed at automotive uses such as self-driving cars and digital cockpits in vehicles. Given the power and capabilities in the chip, it also could drive applications in other areas such as gaming and mobile devices. Company executives have identified both artificial intelligence and autonomous cars as key growth markets. Starting Jan. 10, 2017, Google will penalize websites that serve up pop-up ads, to users searching for content on mobile devices. Websites and web pages that use such pop-ups will rank lower in Google's mobile search results after that date, the company announced this week. The move is designed to make it easier for users to access mobile content, Google Product Manager Doantam Phan announced on the company's Webmaster Central Blog. Although a majority of web pages have become more mobile-friendly in the past two years, the use of intrusive interstitials on pages that are displayed to mobile users has increased markedly, Phan said.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Google Open Sources Data Visualization Tool for Machine Learning Cisco Security Business Group Continues to Accelerate Growth Amazon Go Won't Kill Many Jobs, But It May Prove a Boon to Crooks Microsoft, Harman Kardon to Take on Amazon Echo, Google Home Yahoo Suffers New Hack; 1 Billion Users Impacted This Time 10 Things T-Mobile Has Done to Move O... With approximately 70 million subscribers, T-Mobile isn’t the... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery/Rumor Mobile Apple may ditch Samsung and TSMC for Intel chips in upcoming iPhone By Brandon Russell | August 26, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo A curved OLED display, no home button, and a switch to Intel chips could be among the changes Apple makes to future iPhones. According to Nikkei Asian Review, citing “industry experts,” Intel’s recent commitment to Acorn RISC Machine (ARM) could be the impetus behind a future change in Apple’s supply chain. ARM architecture is currently developed and licensed by British company ARM Holdings. Right now, Apple relies on Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSMC) and Samsung for its mobile chips, but that will supposedly change as early as 2018. Apparently, Apple and Intel are already engaged in discussions, although they’re supposedly in the very early stages. In addition to Apple, Intel is reportedly looking to snatch a few big customers away from TSMC with its new pledge to ARM. Nikkei Asian Review says one aspect that’s sweetening the deal for Apple is the fact that Intel’s headquarters is based in Santa Clara, Calif., and not overseas. However, Apple typically relies on a diversified supply chain—TSMC and Samsung—so as to avoid low supply. Relying solely on Intel could potentially lead to supply issues. LG will be the first manufacturer to adopt Intel chips following the ARM deal, according to Nikkei Asian Review, a first step for Intel as it looks to make further inroads into the mobile market. Snagging a huge contract with Apple could be Intel’s big break. Source Nikkei Via 9to5Mac Topics #Apple #Apple #Samsung #TSMC Brandon Russell Follow Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Recent Posts The Shark Tank-backed IllumiBowl is the toilet light you didn’t know you needed Netflix: 10 great movies you should watch right now Infiniti QX50 unveiled as new autonomous SUV concept Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. On Women's Equality Day, More Tech Companies Promise Change subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours 7 "last mile" transportation solutions to get you from your office to the subway wrd.cm/2hEH1bg Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 08.26.16. 08.26.16 Time of Publication: 2:10 pm. 2:10 pm On Women’s Equality Day, More Tech Companies Promise Change We’ve been celebrating Women’s Equality Day for 45 years. It was originally created to commemorate the 19th Amendment—the 1920 law that gave women the right to vote—but it’s now a reminder that, all these years later, women still haven’t reached complete equality. For one thing, the average American woman must work 15.5 months to earn the same amount of money that the average American man makes in 12. But at the same time, Women’s Equality Day is also a way of pushing for new change. Today is the latest example. A new group of Silicon Valley companies has signed the White House Equal Pay Pledge, including Apple, Dropbox, Facebook, IBM, LinkedIn, and Microsoft. The pledge was first introduced at the United State of Women Summit in June, and several tech giants had signed on then as well. The pledge is particularly important for the tech industry, where prominent gender gaps still exist and it can feel like change is taking hold quite slowly, even as many try to tackle the problem with the best of intentions. With the pledge, employers commit to conducting an annual company-wide gender pay analysis across jobs; will review hiring and promotion procedures to shed more light on unconscious biases; embed equal pay efforts into broader equity initiatives; and promote other best practices to close the national wage gap. Some of these efforts have already been underway in Silicon Valley, but signing the pledge formalizes the commitment and gives companies concrete aims to shoot for with each annual check-in. It also invites public scrutiny, with the companies essentially telling the world: yes, we’re willing to put our name against this promise—and we will answer to and be accountable to you.. All of which seems great—except there are still other entrenched, societal reasons that prevent some women from joining the workforce in the first place, or increase the odds that they’ll take on a job in the lower ranks of a company. At the tech company GoDaddy, for instance, which has already undertaken gender pay studies and released its data around it last year, women are paid slightly more across the whole company. But at the levels that arguably matter more—among technical positions and at the management level—women are paid less. In short, yes, signing a pledge is a good first step and a sign that these companies are willing to consciously confront the very real gender gaps that still plague American society today. But more real work is needed before years of systemic inequality can be overturned. And in 2016, after 45 whole years of commemorating Women’s Equality Day, maybe—just maybe—the public on the whole should be giving tech companies less of a pass on such an important issue. As a recent report from McKinsey showed, achieving full gender parity in the American workplace isn’t just a matter of fairness, it would also boost the US economy on the whole—to the tune of $4.3 trillion. Tech companies still cite a million different reasons for why the needle to get to full parity is moving so slowly. But dragging their feet on fixing the problem just means more money is being left on the table, every single day. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. gender diversity gender wage gap Silicon Valley Women in tech women's equality day Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email gender diversity gender wage gap Silicon Valley Women in tech women's equality day Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Email Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 05.03.16. 05.03.16 Time of Publication: 3:41 pm. 3:41 pm Ellen Pao Has A New Site to Push Greater Diversity in Tech Ellen Pao’s gender discrimination lawsuit against famed Silicon Valley venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins made her one of the most prominent faces of Silicon Valley’s diversity movement. Now she’s teamed up with other major players on a new project meant to guide tech companies toward greater diversity and inclusion. Project Include is designed as an online community that will take an open source approach toward advising startup founders and human resource departments on how to successfully recruit, hire, and retain a diverse workforce. It will also offer advice to venture capital firms, which hold so much sway over how startups evolve—including how they hire. Pao says the project started as a dinner brainstorming session on how to make tech more diverse. Other participants include Slack engineer and ex-Googler Erica Baker, whose spreadsheet of Google salaries went viral, and Pinterest’s Tracy Chou, one of the earliest advocates of tracking diversity at tech companies. Pao, a one-time partner at Silicon Valley VC firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, sued her former employer in 2012, alleging she had been passed over for promotions and terminated for complaining. She lost the case, but the high-profile jury trial stoked a broader discussion of diversity in the tech industry. Pao also served as interim CEO of Reddit. She was instrumental in pushing stronger anti-harassment policies last year but stepped down after users revolted. Bethanye Blount, former chief engineer at Reddit who also resigned during that tumultuous period, has also joined Project Include. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity Ellen Pao Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity Ellen Pao Women in tech Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 04.28.16. 04.28.16 Time of Publication: 8:11 pm. 8:11 pm Etsy Is Defying Tech’s Lousy Record on Gender Diversity Etsy has crafted an identity for itself as an artisanal alternative to mainstream marketplaces. It’s also going against the norm in other ways, as its latest diversity report shows. Today the company said that women now make up 54 percent of its workforce, up from 51 percent in 2014. What’s more, half of the leadership and management positions at Etsy belong to women, an impressive achievement, at least in the context of the tech industry’s dreary diversity record. In keeping with its pledge to buck conventions, Etsy also says it will no longer refer to gender in a binary way, reflecting its belief that “gender lies on a spectrum.” In its latest report, it classifies its employees as those who “identify as women,” “identify as men,” and identify as “other awesome gender identities.” The company says employees are given the opportunity to voluntarily self-report their gender from among more than 60 options. For those tracking the progress of diversity in tech (or, in most cases, the lack of progress), Etsy’s news is encouraging. Women typically comprise about 30 percent of the workforce at tech companies compared to 47 percent of the overall US workforce. Still, even Etsy mirrors the rest of the industry in the composition of its engineering staff, which is only 20.5 percent women. The company also shares the tech industry’s general lack of racial diversity. Etsy is 78.6 percent white and comes in below industry average for black, Latino, and Asian employees. “Looking at our updated numbers, we’ve noticed that while our concerted focus on gender equity yielded clear, positive results, the same was not true for our progress in advancing racial and ethnic diversity,” says Juliet Gorman, director of culture and engagement at Etsy. Not that the company doesn’t appear to be trying. It says it’s investing in relationships with organizations focused on improving diversity in tech, increasing its presence on campuses of historically black colleges, and expanding on other recruitment efforts. Etsy has taken some positive steps toward gender parity. But intersectionality is important, too. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity in tech Etsy Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity in tech Etsy Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 03.15.16. 03.15.16 Time of Publication: 9:01 am. 9:01 am Etsy Offers Half-A-Year Paid Leave in Tech Parental Perks Race Etsy is joining the ranks of tech giants offering more expansive benefits to parents in the race to attract talent. The DIY e-commerce company said today that it will begin offering all new parents half-a-year of paid parental leave starting in April. In addition, Etsy will offer new adoption and surogacy benefits as well as coaching programs for new parents and their managers. “We felt like it was time. We felt the policies weren’t really as competitive anymore as we wanted them to be,” says Juliet Gorman, Etsy’s director of culture and engagement. Tech companies have long vied for the best employees by competing on benefits. Google and Facebook are known for their free food and other on-campus amenities. More recently, tech companies in particular have started focusing on perks for new parents. Microsoft, Netflix, and Adobe all expanded their programs last year with generous paid-leave programs that means parents aren’t pressured to choose between their new children and their jobs. Etsy says that part of the impetus for its program was to ensure uniform benefits for both male and female employees around the world, whether caring for a newborn or a newly adopted child. In the past, Etsy’s policies varied depending on the laws and standards of a locale. In the US, for example, Etsy offered only 12 weeks to primary caregivers and 5 weeks to secondary caregivers. Still, researchers say that seemingly generous parental leave policies mean little if companies don’t also foster a culture where employees themselves feel comfortable taking advantage of the time off. To work, that culture often has to be set from the top. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg set an example when he took two months of paternity leave after his daughter Max was born. At Etsy, CEO Chad Dickerson took nine weeks off when he and his wife adopted their son a few years ago. He’s also been an outspoken supporter of paternity leave. “We think of this as the long game,” Gorman says. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity in tech Etsy Facebook Parental Leave Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity in tech Etsy Facebook Parental Leave Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 12.09.15. 12.09.15 Time of Publication: 5:45 pm. 5:45 pm Netflix Adds Hourly Workers to Its Generous Parental Leave Plan Netflix is expanding its impressive parental leave benefits to its hourly workers. The company’s generous plan had previously only applied to its salaried workforce. But the change comes with a caveat: hourly workers’ benefits still aren’t as good as the one being offered to Netflix’s corporate workers, and the specifics will vary depending on the company division—customer service, streaming, and DVD-by-mail. The change was first announced by Tawni Cranz, chief talent officer at Netflix, in an interview with trade publication Talent Management this week. Netflix confirmed to WIRED that hourly employees in its DVD-by-mail division will get up to 12 weeks of paid leave; customer service 14 weeks; and hourly streaming-division employees 16 weeks. “We always look for ways to improve as a company and that means regularly reviewing policies and benefits to ensure we are competitive and can attract and keep the best employees,” a Netflix spokeswoman told WIRED in an email. ‘Clearly, they got the message from the time that they announced the initial policy that a two-tiered parental leave system was not going to work.’ When Netflix dropped the news in August that it would let new moms and dads take unlimited paid leave for the first year after a child’s birth or adoption, the move was widely lauded. After all, in the US, where the law only requires that eligible new parents who have been at a company for a certain time be provided 12 weeks of unpaid leave, the policy sounded positively progressive—and a slew of companies soon followed Netflix’s lead. But the streaming giant came under fire when admirers of the plan learned that the new policy didn’t apply to Netflix’s hourly paid workers. Advocacy groups and Netflix’s own employees criticized the company for the exclusion. Now, it seems, Netflix is seeking to correct its oversight. “Clearly, they got the message from the time that they announced the initial policy that a two-tiered parental leave system was not going to work,” says Tim Newman, campaigns director of one advocacy group, Coworker.org. “I think it’s a credit to the customers and employees who spoke out about that they made this improvement—this is a step in the right direction.” Still, Newman points out, the system is still not equal for everyone. Responding to WIRED’s inquiry on why the paid parental leave system was not uniform for all hourly employees, Netflix said: “Fundamentally as a company, we want to offer coverage for all three—maternity, paternity and adoptions. Differences in benefits result from decisions made by the leadership of those parts of our business as well as the competitive landscape for each.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Netflix Parental Leave Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Netflix Parental Leave Women in tech Author: Issie Lapowsky. Issie Lapowsky Business Date of Publication: 12.07.15. 12.07.15 Time of Publication: 2:08 pm. 2:08 pm IBM Ends Its Boneheaded #HackAHairDryer Campaign After Backlash Sean Gallup/Getty Images Hell hath no fury like the Internet’s response to a sexist brand tweet. The target of today’s backlash: IBM, which launched a well-intentioned, but completely tone-deaf, campaign on Twitter that urged women to get involved in STEM fields by hacking a hairdryer. Girls don't like science? Nonsense. Let’s blast away the barriers to #womenintech https://t.co/rrEFwjiBXD pic.twitter.com/eSiJ0UGsjB — IBM (@IBM) December 4, 2015 For obvious reasons—namely, the fact that IBM tried to combat gender stereotypes by perpetuating gender stereotypes—the tweet backfired. The company was flooded with a wave of sarcastic responses from female technologists and scientists, as well as the public at large: How to make progress in equality: start treating women like modern human beings instead of the 1950s housewife trope. #HackAHairDryer — Sage Franch (@theTrendyTechie) December 7, 2015 #HackAHairDryer into a flamethrower with which to set fire to gender clichés in the tech industry. — Simon Parkin (@SimonParkin) December 7, 2015 I don't even own a hairdryer! I'm doomed forever from entering the realms of STEM. #HackAHairDryer — Kris Jingle (@propertyofKJ) December 7, 2015 @IBM shame I don't use a hairdryer. I guess that's the end of my career in STEM. Brb quitting my astrophysics PhD. #HackAHairDryer — Jessica V (@ThatAstroKitten) December 7, 2015 The good news is IBM knows it messed up, and has already decided to discontinue the misguided campaign. “The videos were part of a larger campaign to promote STEM careers,” the company told WIRED in a statement. “It missed the mark for some and we apologize.” What makes this specific screw-up all the more unfortunate is that it belies IBM’s historically aggressive support of workplace diversity in the tech industry, from its female CEO Ginni Rometty to its innovative school model P-TECH, which aims to bring low-income high school students into the STEM field. It’s hard to imagine how a company that’s been at this for so long could make such a rookie mistake. If nothing else, it proves just how far we still have to go before tech’s entrenched gender bias is a thing of the past. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. IBM Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email IBM Women in tech Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 11.20.15. 11.20.15 Time of Publication: 8:23 pm. 8:23 pm Mark Zuckerberg Will Take Two Months of Parental Leave Mark Zuckerberg said today that he will be taking two months off when his first daughter is born. “Priscilla and I are starting to get ready for our daughter’s arrival,” the Facebook founder said, referring to his wife, Priscilla Chan, in a post on his Facebook page. “We’ve also been thinking about how we’re going to take time off during the first months of her life. This is a very personal decision, and I’ve decided to take 2 months of paternity leave when our daughter arrives.” This news is, of course, great for Zuckerberg and his family. We wish them the best. But this is a big deal for the rest of us, too. Zuckerberg is perhaps the most prominent chief executive of a major public tech company to take this much time off following the birth of his child. That’s important, because executives set the tone for a company (and, in some ways, the country) when it comes to balancing work and family. Like some other major tech companies, Facebook already offers new parents a parental leave plan considered very generous by US standards. New parents at Facebook can take four paid months off. They receive benefits such as $4,000 for each child born or adopted. As we’ve written before, however, employees may feel reluctant to take advantage of such plans if their companies don’t have a culture that encourages taking time off. And company culture typically comes from the top. “Every day things are getting a little more real for us, and we’re excited to start this next stage in our lives,” Zuckerberg wrote. Let’s hope more companies will offer new parents more leave, and that dads will be able to follow his lead. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Facebook Mark Zuckerberg Parental Leave Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Facebook Mark Zuckerberg Parental Leave Women in tech Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 11.10.15. 11.10.15 Time of Publication: 5:07 pm. 5:07 pm Ellen Pao Says Silicon Valley Is Making Progress on Sexism Ellen Pao. Jason Henry/The New York Times/Redux A few weeks ago, actress Jennifer Lawrence took a stand against gender pay gaps in Hollywood—in a newsletter. To be clear, this is not just any newsletter. Lena Dunham’s Lenny Letter has become a must-read, in part as a platform for high-profile feminists. The latest is one-time venture capitalist Ellen Pao, who spoke out in Lenny Letter today about sexism in Silicon Valley. In her piece—”Silicon Valley sexism is getting better. Slowly”—Pao describes her career and the ways in which the industry’s biases began to themselves “crack by crack.”  Still, she says, Silicon Valley has started to make meaningful progress. “The biggest positive difference over the past 20 years is how women and minorities are sharing others’ bad behavior, data, and their own experiences publicly,” Pao writes. Pao has been relatively quiet in the weeks since she said she would not pursue an appeal in her failed gender discrimination lawsuit against her former employer, marquee venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins. In July, Pao stepped down as interim CEO of Reddit after facing intense backlash when a popular employee was abruptly fired and new anti-harassment policies introduced. That same month, she penned an op-ed in The Washington Post in which she said she had “endured one of the largest trolling attacks in history.” In Lenny Letter, Pao looks back at the longer arc of her career in the Valley: It was easier in her early work life, especially in her 20s. Then things started to get tougher. Fresh out of Harvard Law School, Pao says she felt she was doing well—and other women, including women of color, seemed to be succeeding, too. Schools, law firms, and successful senior partners all told them they were on track to have fantastic careers. But later, “our ranks thinned and progress got harder,” Pao writes. There were inconsistencies in what people said and what they actually did. “I saw many firms talking meritocracy but ignoring great opportunities that women brought in or giving men credit for them,” she says. “Unconscious” biases and bringing up “the pipeline problem” are excuses we shouldn’t fall for. Pao argues that when tech and VC leaders throw out these justifications, they’re merely saying, “We haven’t done anything wrong, and we don’t care to fix it.” But things are changing. People can now call out others’ bad behavior publicly. They’re sharing their experiences, and they’re doing valuable research. Pao points to the decision by Silicon Valley tech giants to voluntarily release their diversity statistics as a sign of progress. Researchers are looking at hard data around how the system treats people in tech, from graduation to hiring to the upper ranks of VC firms and tech companies. People are also sharing their stories on social media. Erica Baker, an ex-Googler, made waves when she described inconsistencies in salaries by gender and race. A Fortune reporter uncovered gender bias in performance reviews. Questions are being asked and a spotlight cast on the issues. Pao’s advice for other women and members of minority groups? Be resilient. Speak up—don’t be silent. For women facing struggles in a male-dominated work culture, Pao says there’s one important thing to remember: “You are not alone.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Ellen Pao Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Ellen Pao Women in tech Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 11.09.15. 11.09.15 Time of Publication: 7:41 pm. 7:41 pm Gawker’s Diversity Figures Are Typical for Tech and Media In keeping with the recent tech industry trend, Gawker Media has released its diversity figures, and the results mirror the typical ratios of tech and media companies. The company, which oversees a network of websites, including the eponymous Gawker, is mostly white and mostly male.   The numbers are also comparable to Buzzfeed, another new media company that recently released data about the composition of its workforce. “After the announcement that I was being named permanent executive editor of Gawker Media, and after Buzzfeed’s publication of its diversity statistics last month, we received renewed calls internally from editorial staff members for an accounting of the racial and gender diversity of our teams,” Gawker executive editor John Cook writes. Gawker is 43 percent female, compared to 47 percent in the overall US workforce.That’s better than most tech companies: According to data compiled by The Verge, the biggest tech companies are 29 percent female on average. The gender ratio slips when just counting edit side: Cook says women make up 38 percent of Gawker Media’s editorial staffers. When it comes to race, Gawker fares worse than most major tech companies. Overall, Gawker Media is 79 percent white. By comparison, Google said this year that 60 percent of its overall staff is white. Facebook’s overall staff is 55 percent white; Apple’s workforce is 54 percent white. Gawker’s editorial staff is 78 percent white, Cook said. Gawker’s numbers aren’t unusual for tech or media, which can be even worse than tech when it comes to diversity. As my colleague Julia Greenberg noted in a recent piece, a survey from the American Society of News Editors found that the “percentage of minority journalists in daily-newspaper newsrooms” was under 13 percent. At The New York Times, public editor Margaret Sullivan noted that of the 20 critics on its culture desk, none are black. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity Gawker Gawker Media Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity Gawker Gawker Media Women in tech Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 11.02.15. 11.02.15 Time of Publication: 9:12 pm. 9:12 pm Amazon’s New Parental Leave Policy Is Good—And Good PR Amazon has updated its parental leave plan. The retail giant has expanded paid maternity leave to up to 20 weeks for birth moms and added six weeks of paid leave for new parents regardless of gender. As reported by The Seattle Times, this means that for the first time new dads at the company will be able to take time off following the birth (or adoption) of a child. The news comes just months after other tech giants, most notably Microsoft, Adobe, and Netflix, announced improved parental leave plans for their employees. Amazon, meanwhile, has faced public scrutiny over how it treats its employees following a scathing New York Times investigation that called its work culture into question. (Amazon and the Times later engaged in a very public back-and-forth over the fairness and accuracy of the story.) Following the Times investigation, former Amazon employee Julia Cheiffetz publicly called for the company to reevaluate its parental leave policies, claming she was effectively forced out following her maternity leave and cancer diagnosis. As Amazon heads into the holiday season—and kicks off Black Friday deals, well, now—it may be anxious to motivate its employees, who will undoubtedly be hard at work as the company enters the busiest shopping season of the year. Notably, Amazon’s policy appears not to apply just to high-end tech workers and executives, but more than 100,000 fulfillment center and customer service workers. Amazon may also be hoping to contain any damage that the Times story did to its public image. It will need to keep shoppers (and future prospective hires) happy, and it certainly doesn’t hurt if they feel good about how the company seems to treat new parents. No matter the motive, improved parental leave policies are good for new parents and their children. But as we’ve written before, experts say that it’s not enough for a company to have such policies in place. It also needs to have the supportive environment where employees are comfortable to take the time off that they need, knowing that they’ll be able to come back and pick up where they’ve left off. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Amazon maternity leave Parental Leave paternity leave Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Amazon maternity leave Parental Leave paternity leave Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 10.20.15. 10.20.15 Time of Publication: 7:35 pm. 7:35 pm Intel Is Quadrupling Its Fertility Benefits Intel is quadrupling its fertility benefit coverage, providing employees looking to start a family with some of the most generous perks in all of Silicon Valley. On Tuesday, with a blog post, the company said it would increase its fertility benefit coverage from $10,000 to $40,000 for medical services and from $5,000 to $20,000 for prescription services by 2016. It also removed the medical diagnosis requirement for employees to get fertility benefits, which apparently left out same-sex couples. All employees will soon be able to get conception services. The move adds Intel to the roster of high-profile companies who are offering egg-freezing perks, including Facebook and Apple—no small perk considering a round of treatment can be as high as $12,000, plus storage and drug fees that can cost another four grand annually. Doctors also recommend at least two rounds of treatment—but the good news is this is still within the new coverage limits Intel plans to implement. Additionally, the chip-making company is tripling its adoption benefit coverage to $15,000 per adoption. And beginning next year, there will be no limit to the number of children for which an employee can seek adoption assistance. “While Intel is lucky to add such great new talent, we know that our existing employees have different experiences when trying to expand theirs,” Ogden Reid,  VP of human resources, said in a statement. “To help with that process, we are committed to being a leader in offering a broad range of benefits for employees and their families.” Intel already has one of the most radically transparent plans for improving corporate diversity, and this only adds to it. Offering generous pregnancy, egg-freezing, and adoption benefits could make the company more appealing to women and the LGBT community. Such perks help companies attract top talent, as we’ve written—to the end, of course, of having tech workers be as productive as possible for their employers. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity employees Intel Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity employees Intel Women in tech Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 10.20.15. 10.20.15 Time of Publication: 3:34 pm. 3:34 pm For BuzzFeed, Diversity Remains an ‘Ongoing Priority’ While the gender split amongst BuzzFeed’s employees overall remains relatively even, the company’s staff remains predominantly white. In a diversity report released today, the company revealed that 69 percent of its employees are white. BuzzFeed BuzzFeed isn’t just a news and entertainment company after all—it’s also a tech company. And like many Silicon Valley tech giants, it touts its diversity by periodically releasing its latest diversity numbers in reports like the one it released today. For the second year in a row, Buzzfeed emphasized to its employees and the world at large that improving diversity is an “ongoing priority.” Founder and chief executive Jonah Peretti says the company is sharing its numbers “in an effort to track our progress and hold ourselves accountable to each other and the public.” But while BuzzFeed has been able to seemingly close the gender divide unlike some tech companies, it has room to improve when it comes to diversity. Google, for example, said this year that 60 percent of its overall staff is white. At Facebook, only 55 percent of the overall staff is white. Microsoft says 59.5 percent of its overall staff is white. However, in newsrooms across the US, it’s a somewhat different story. A recent survey from the American Society of News Editors found that the “percentage of minority journalists in daily-newspaper newsrooms” was around 12.76 percent. Earlier this year The New York Times’ public editor Margaret Sullivan noted that “there certainly are areas of The Times that could use more diversity, including its culture critics, where on a staff of 20, there are no black critics.”  “We care about diversity for moral reasons,” explains Peretti in a public note, “but we also know a diverse staff is a competitive advantage that allows us to recruit from the broadest possible pool of talent and have team members with a wide range of experiences and perspectives.” BuzzFeed To show its commitment to diversity, the company shared several graphs today that highlight its effort to continue building a more diverse staff. In addition to having more women than men at the company, one notable revelation is that BuzzFeed has more women global managers than male ones. When it comes to gender, its tech division, however, remains the starkest uneven split. Unlike last year, the company did not share today any specific targets for continuing to improve diversity in the next year nor did it offer any plans for how it will continue to improve diversity amongst its employees. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. BuzzFeed diversity Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email BuzzFeed diversity Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 10.14.15. 10.14.15 Time of Publication: 1:46 pm. 1:46 pm Google Backs Groups That Help Women Network in Tech Anita Borg Institute One of the barriers facing many women seeking to advance in the tech industry is the lack of a good network. Not the digital kind, the “foot in the door” kind. Companies all too often hire from pools of job candidates who already have connections, and in an industry that’s predominantly male, that means more men have easier entrée. For everyone else, especially women, they’re left depending on luck. Now Google is backing a way to change this. The nonprofit Anita Borg Institute today is unveiling its ABI.Local program in conjunction with the first day of its annual Grace Hopper Celebration—the world’s largest event for women in computing. The idea is to help women technologists in cities around the world connect with each other locally to build the networks that will help build their ranks in the tech industry. “Establishing and growing a strong community of women who share our interests and career goals is imperative to keeping women in the field and broadening the appeal of a technical career to young women,” says Telle Whitney, the Anita Borg Institute’s CEO. In the run-up to its official launch today, ABI.Local has quietly reached nearly 1,300 people around the world in New York and Delhi. Today, the nonprofit says, ABI.Local launches in eight more metro areas, including Boston, Washington D.C., and Silicon Valley, thanks in part to donations from Google and an anonymous donor. In the coming year, the plan is to expand to the Middle East, Africa, Singapore, and elsewhere. The group has also launched a beta version of its ABI.Local website, which it hopes can serve as an online networking hub for women in tech. Aside from the female-centric focus, the ABI.Local groups will mostly deal in standard tech-networking fare, organizing technical talks, networking receptions, panels, hackathons, and workshops featuring local women technologists. Groups are gathering this week to watch the livestream of the Grace Hopper Celebration taking place in Houston. (Among other things, they may be watching for a repeat of a gaffe like the one from last year’s conference, where Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella slipped and said he believed women should “have faith” that they would get the “right raises as you go along.” Nadella quickly apologized after the incident.) In spite of slow progress revealed by the dismal workforce statistics at tech companies, the groundswell of public discussion around the very important issues of diversity in tech is gaining traction—and pushing the industry to change. In the end, it does take networks—networks in local groups, and networks at large conventions—to make that much more of a difference, and move the conversation forward. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity Women in tech Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 09.10.15. 09.10.15 Time of Publication: 5:11 pm. 5:11 pm Ellen Pao Ends Her Lawsuit Against Kleiner Perkins One of the most tumultuous cases of gender discrimination in tech has officially come to a close. One-time partner Ellen Pao has decided not to appeal the loss of her gender discrimination suit against her former employer, storied Silicon Valley venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. “I have decided to end my lawsuit against Kleiner Perkins,” Pao said in a statement sent to tech news site Re/code on Thursday. “I feel gratified that my actions have encouraged others to speak up about discrimination in venture capital and technology more broadly.” In late March, a jury denied Pao’s claims that Kleiner Perkins discriminated against her because of her gender, and retaliated against her for reporting gender bias at the firm. The six-week sex bias trial had captivated Silicon Valley and the larger tech industry, where women are still in the minority in spite of efforts to increase diversity. In the venture capital industry, the gender gap is even more prominent: in 2014, only 6 percent of partners at venture capital firms were women, according to a Babson College study. And though Pao ultimately lost the case, supporters lauded her efforts to draw attention to the ongoing battle to create a level playing field for women in tech. After KPCB successfully defended itself at trial, the venture capital firm demanded that Pao reimburse the $1 million or so it spent on legal costs—which Pao argued she shouldn’t have to pay. Instead, to resolve the suit completely, Pao told Re/code, she agreed to pay Kleiner the legal costs ordered by the judge in the case: a total of $275,966. Pao also emphasized, in her statement, that she and Kleiner did not reach an agreement to settle the matter with a payment to Pao, which she claims would have required her silence. “Settlement might have provided me with financial benefits, but only at the great cost of silence,” she said. “I refuse to be silent on these important issues.” The past year has been a rocky one for the former venture capitalist, who recently stepped down as interim CEO of online community Reddit after facing an all-out revolt over how to handle harassment and controversial content on the site. But Pao has made it clear that she is ready to turn over a new leaf. “I have been reengaging with friends and colleagues,” she told Re/code. “It’s over.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Ellen Pao gender discrimination kleiner perkins caufield & byers KPCB Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Ellen Pao gender discrimination kleiner perkins caufield & byers KPCB Women in tech Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 09.09.15. 09.09.15 Time of Publication: 8:16 pm. 8:16 pm Slack Is Trying To Be More Diverse By Starting Early Slack Following in the footsteps of so many others, Silicon Valley darling Slack, which makes a much-loved chat app for businesses, released its first diversity report today. Also following in the footsteps of so many others in tech, the results aren’t good: A vast majority of Slack’s employees—70 percent—are white. And 61 percent of the company is male. Still, you have to give Slack some credit. The company at least appears to be trying, and trying from the start instead of waiting years or decades into its existence to recognize that diversity is a serious issue. “It’s relatively easy for us to move the lever a small bit right now to make a significant change in our trajectory,” said Anne Toth, vice-president of people and policy, and Stewart Butterfield, Slack’s CEO, in a blog post describing the company’s diversity efforts. “If us doing this sooner rather than later yields a better result that alone will be a good thing for us to have done at Slack and, hopefully, for the industry at large.” Slack says it made the issue of diversity a priority while the company was still in its infancy, hiring an outside diversity consultant back when it employed only 75 people. It also says it’s begun examining its compensation data to make sure pay gaps don’t exist among its male and female workers. And it is making a concerted effort to be vigilant in its data collection and analysis to make real-time adjustments when recruiting new employees or updating its workplace policies. Doing Better by Starting Sooner Today, less than two years after introducing its app to the world, Slack employs about 250 people. And, digging into the numbers, it does appear to be doing better than many other tech companies. Seven percent of its technical workforce is African-American—which is actually saying something in a world where the combined black workforces of Google, Facebook and Twitter can fit on a single jumbo jet. But its overall workforce is still just 4 percent Black. Less than 1 percent of Slack employees, meanwhile, identified as Hispanic or Latino. And while only 39 percent of workers overall at Slack are women at a time when women outnumber men in the US population, 45 percent of Slack managers are female. The company says that 41 percent of all people working at Slack report to a female manager. That’s way ahead of the industry average of 18 percent, according to data compiled by The Verge. (An interesting tidbit: Erica Baker, the ex-Google employee who tweeted about pay inequality at Google, now works at Slack as an engineer.) Slack, of course, has much work ahead of it before it achieves true workforce equality. It could stand to make its goals more transparent and hold itself accountable to the public the way Pinterest, Intel, and Twitter have done. Its employees are still overwhelmingly white, and it could stand to hire more women engineers—18 percent of its engineers are female, better than Facebook, Twitter, and Microsoft, according to data gathered by The Wall Street Journal, but not as good as Intel (20 percent) and Apple (22 percent). Still, starting early has its advantages: It means Slack can stay light-footed before it becomes too big to change. Now, it just has to double down and really make those changes. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity slack Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity slack Author: Issie Lapowsky. Issie Lapowsky Business Date of Publication: 09.09.15. 09.09.15 Time of Publication: 2:17 pm. 2:17 pm Despite Diversity Push, Intel Ends Science Award Sponsorship Intel has decided not to renew its contract as sponsor of the Science Talent Search, a high school math and science competition that the company has backed since 1998. The decision is an odd one for the company, which has recently made a highly publicized push to diversify the STEM field, pledging $300 million to the cause. The Science Talent Search, which has seen a massive increase in the number of female finalists over the years, according to one study, would appear to be an effective way to foster that diversity. But Intel spokesperson Gail Dundas says the company views those initiatives as distinct. “We’re doing a lot of work in the diversity space, which is wide ranging, but it’s separate from this,” she says. Intel’s contract with the Talent Search is set to expire in 2017, and that, Dundas says, is the reason the sponsorship won’t continue. Asked why Intel isn’t renewing that contract, Dundas declined to elaborate. “It’s a long term sponsorship,” she said. “It’s 20 years. That’s really all I have to say on that.” Which doesn’t really clear up anything about this weird move. All of this raises more questions than it answers, chief among them being whether this was an ill-conceived cost-cutting measure that’s now turned into a public relations failure. But since the sponsorship cost Intel only about $6 million a year, even that explanation makes little sense, considering the company brought in $55.6 billion last year, according to the New York Times. On the bright side, there’s now room for a younger, dare we say more relevant, tech player to take on the job. Any takers? Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity in tech Intel STEM Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity in tech Intel STEM Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 08.28.15. 08.28.15 Time of Publication: 4:25 pm. 4:25 pm Twitter Wants to Be (Slightly) More Diverse by 2016 Twitter announced new goals today to reinforce its commitment to becoming a more diverse company. But if you look at the numbers, their goals aren’t all that, well, progressive. “We want the makeup of our company to reflect the vast range of people who use Twitter,” Janet Van Huysse, Twitter’s vice president of diversity and inclusion, explains in a blog post. “Doing so will help us build a product to better serve people around the world.” Twitter Twitter says it wants to increase the number of women in the company overall to 35 percent, with women in tech roles reaching 16 percent and those in leadership roles reaching 25 percent. Similarly, the company wants to increase the number of underrepresented minorities on its staff in the US to 11 percent overall, with underrepresented minorities reaching at least 9 percent in tech roles and 6 percent for leadership roles. While the company’s efforts will hopefully lead to more transparency when it comes to the number of women and underrepresented minorities it hires and promotes, the goals themselves are pretty incremental. As it stands now, the company already has 34 percent women on its staff, with 13 percent in tech roles and 22 percent in leadership roles—not too far off from its goals. With 4,100 employees worldwide currently, the difference would be adding at least 41 women to reach its overall gender goal (though it would depend on the company’s growth). And yet it does seem that, when it comes to diversity at tech companies, change happens slowly. Despite their efforts, both Google and Facebook only saw incremental improvements in the diversity of their staff in the past year. Google, for example, only increased the number of women in technical roles by 1 percent. Facebook saw the number of women at the company increase by 1 percent overall, but it saw no change in the percentage of black employees. Twitter may be playing it safe, by setting goals it actually hopes it can keep. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity twitter Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity twitter Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 08.28.15. 08.28.15 Time of Publication: 12:42 pm. 12:42 pm Netflix Hit With House of Cards Spoof Over Parental Leave The national women’s advocacy group UltraViolet is demanding Netflix expand its paid parental leave program to include all of its employees. The group’s latest effort? A House of Cards spoof comparing Netflix’s discriminatory policies to, well, the ruthless manipulation and politics of series protagonist Frank Underwood. Earlier this month, Netflix announced that it would offer new moms and dads a full-year of paid parental leave. The decision was met with cheers from parents and the press, but it soon became clear that the new policy does not apply to all employees. Only the company’s more highly paid “salaried streaming employees” could take the time off. For UltraViolet, this is discriminatory. “People are taking notice that Netflix is expecting praise for extending parental leave to its higher-paid employees, yet it doesn’t extend those benefits to the hourly employees who need it most,” Nita Chaudhary, cofounder of UltraViolet, said in a statement. “It’s important that Netflix set an example for the rest of employers and companies nationwide… by giving all employees equal benefits.” Netflix, on the other hand, defends its policies. “Across Netflix, we compare salary and benefits to those of employees at businesses performing similar work,” a company spokesperson said in a statement. “Those comparisons show we provide all of our employees with comparable or better pay and benefits than at other companies.” After Netflix announced its new policy, other tech companies, like Microsoft and Adobe, chimed in with their own expanded parental leave offerings. These polices can serve as a way to attract more diverse talent. But sometimes, at least publicly, they can backfire. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. House of Cards maternity leave Netflix paternity leave Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email House of Cards maternity leave Netflix paternity leave Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 08.05.15. 08.05.15 Time of Publication: 2:57 pm. 2:57 pm Microsoft Offers Big Upgrade to Paid Leave for New Parents Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg /Getty Images A day after Netflix said it was offering new parents up to one year of paid leave, Microsoft announced a major upgrade to its own maternity and paternity leave policies. The company said today it will now provide new parents with 12 weeks of paid leave. Birth mothers will also keep the eight weeks of paid maternity disability leave they already have, for a total of 20 weeks, Microsoft executive vice president of human resources Kathleen Hogan said in a blog post. Microsoft will also allow birth mothers to take two weeks off prior to their due dates. The company says all new parents can choose whether to take their leave in one continuous chunk or split the time into two separate periods. New parents will also be able to phase back into work on a half-time basis. “As we ask our employees to bring their ‘A’ game to work every day to achieve our mission, we believe it’s our responsibility to create an environment where people can do their best work. A key component of this is supporting our employees with benefits that matter most to them,” Hogan writes. Microsoft also said it was adding paid holidays for all employees as well as increasing 401(k) deferred matches. The extended parental leave announcement comes one day after Netflix said it will offer new moms and dads “unlimited leave” for one year after the birth of a new child or adoption. Both plans show an apparent commitment to offering more fair and equitable benefits to their employees as top tech companies vie to attract top talent. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity microsoft Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity microsoft Women in tech Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 08.04.15. 08.04.15 Time of Publication: 6:42 pm. 6:42 pm Netflix Will Let New Moms And Dads Take A Year of Leave Netflix wants new moms and dads to take time off. In fact, it now says they can take as much time as they want. The video streaming giant announced a new policy today that offers unlimited maternity and paternity leave to employees for the first year after a child’s birth or adoption. “We want employees to have the flexibility and confidence to balance the needs of their growing families without worrying about work or finances,” Netflix’s chief talent officer Tawni Cranz explains in a statement. “Parents can return part-time, full-time, or return and then go back out as needed. We’ll just keep paying them normally, eliminating the headache of switching to state or disability pay.” The new policy is consistent with Netflix’s larger mandate that employees should be free to figure out their own work-life balance as responsible and accountable adults. The company already offers unlimited time off to all employees; now it’s explicitly adding unlimited maternity and paternity leave. Unlimited leave, however, can come with its own complications. Without a clear policy, employees may feel they need to take less time off in order to work the same hours as their colleagues or to appeal to their managers. Others might opt not to take any at all. At the same time, US law only requires that eligible new parents who have been at a company for a certain time be provided 12 weeks of unpaid leave. Compared to companies that offer limited time off to new mothers or no paid paternity leave at all to new fathers, Netflix’s policy seems to show a commitment to treating their employees equally and fairly. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity human resources Netflix Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity human resources Netflix Women in tech Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 07.30.15. 07.30.15 Time of Publication: 2:46 pm. 2:46 pm Pinterest’s Bold Plan to Fix Its Diversity Problem Diversity in tech remains a problem, but Pinterest is among those working to solve it. Today, the company unveiled new programs designed to improve diversity in its ranks, and the plan looks rather promising. By next year, Pinterest hopes to have more full-time engineer positions filled by women and underrepresented ethnic backgrounds, by increasing the hiring rate for full-time engineering roles to 30% female and to 8% underrepresented minorities. It plans to increase the hiring rate for non-engineering roles to 12% for underrepresented minorities. And the company says it will work to ensure that at least one woman and one underrepresented background candidate is interviewed for every open leadership role. To get there, Pinterest plans to expand the group of universities from which it recruits and launch intern programs for students from underrepresented backgrounds. “Over the past year we learned when we double down on a particular area—like hiring women out of college—we see movement,” the company said in a statement. The company is also setting up an “Inclusion Labs” with Paradigm, a strategy firm focused on diversity, to experiment with better ways to create a more diverse staff. They will offer a workshop on unconscious bias, host events like Blacks in Tech and Future Female Founders, change hiring practices that may put some candidates at a disadvantage, and continue to collect better data. While several tech giants, such as Google, Facebook, and Microsoft, have publicly shared their diversity numbers—largely driven after Pinterest engineer Tracy Chou began collecting numbers about women in tech in 2013—not all that much has changed. But Pinterest thinks that with specific goals and programs it can finally move the needle. “Despite new initiatives tech companies are putting in to place, they have showed virtually no progress or movement,” Reverend Jesse L. Jackson, Sr., said in a statement. “Pinterest’s approach stands in stark contrast, combining aspiration with concrete measurable intention, and is one that other companies would do well to emulate.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity Pinterest Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity Pinterest Women in tech Author: Issie Lapowsky. Issie Lapowsky Business Date of Publication: 07.28.15. 07.28.15 Time of Publication: 1:41 pm. 1:41 pm Facebook Publishes Its Managing Bias Course For All Facebook—like so many other tech giants—still hasn’t managed to make much progress in terms of diversifying its ranks. But the company insists it’s pushing hard for change. Today, the social network published a series of anti-bias training videos online, which it hopes will help all sorts of companies address the problem of the lack of diversity in tech. Unconscious bias training has become fashionable among tech giants like Google and Facebook. The thinking is: in order to attract diverse talent from outside the organization, it’s critical to promote and foster diversity within the organization. As Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg wrote in a press release announcing the decision: “Managing bias can help us build stronger, more diverse and inclusive companies—and drive better business results. At Facebook, we’ve worked with leading researchers to develop a training course that helps people recognize how bias can affect them, and gives them tools to interrupt and correct for bias when they see it in the workplace.” The problem is: not all companies have the time or resources to develop this type of in-depth training. By putting their courses online, Facebook stands to make it easier for other companies to start similar programs, while also positioning itself as a leader in its diversity efforts, even though it clearly still has a lot to learn. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity in tech Facebook Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity in tech Facebook Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular This Is the Year Donald Trump Kills Net Neutrality The Fate of the FCC This Is the Year Donald Trump Kills Net Neutrality 14 hours Coming Innovations That Will Make Flying Economy (Mostly) Better aviation Coming Innovations That Will Make Flying Economy (Mostly) Better 14 hours The 10 Movies We’re Most Looking Forward to in 2017 Movies The 10 Movies We’re Most Looking Forward to in 2017 14 hours The Year in Housing: The Middle Class Can’t Afford to Live in Cities Anymore cities The Year in Housing: The Middle Class Can’t Afford to Live in Cities Anymore 3 days The Biggest Security Threats Coming in 2017 Security The Biggest Security Threats Coming in 2017 14 hours Now That We’ve All Seen The OA, Let’s Talk About That Ending TV Now That We’ve All Seen The OA, Let’s Talk About That Ending 12.28.16 The Science Behind Explosive Hangover Poops big question The Science Behind Explosive Hangover Poops 2 days How Amazon, Google, and Facebook Will Bring Down Telcos Telecoms How Amazon, Google, and Facebook Will Bring Down Telcos 12.30.16 More Stories Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business The Fate of the FCC This Is the Year Donald Trump Kills Net Neutrality 14 hours Squirrels and Sea Monkeys 2016 Was the Year Silicon Valley’s Hype Machine Sputtered 14 hours Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 cities The Year in Housing: The Middle Class Can’t Afford to Live in Cities Anymore 3 days Telecoms How Amazon, Google, and Facebook Will Bring Down Telcos 12.30.16 aviation Coming Innovations That Will Make Flying Economy (Mostly) Better 14 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours 7 "last mile" transportation solutions to get you from your office to the subway wrd.cm/2hEH1bg Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours 7 "last mile" transportation solutions to get you from your office to the subway wrd.cm/2hEH1bg Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
null
null
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and... Happy New Year firework wallpapers The top stories of the week on iDB How to use AirPods like a pro   skip to main content skip to main menu     Intel could begin fabricating iPhone and iPad chips as early as 2018 By Christian Zibreg, Aug 26, 2016 Tweet 8 Comments Both in-house designed ‘A10’ and ‘A11’ chips for this year’s iPhone 7 and 2017 iPhones/iPads, respectively, are believed to be manufactured solely by Taiwan’s semiconductor foundry TSMC (sorry, Samsung). According to Nikkei Asian Review, Intel is now perfectly poised to give TSMC a good run for its money in as little as two years because any Apple chips after the A10/A11 should be fabricated by Intel. The recently signed licensing deal between Intel and UK-based ARM Holdings lets the former fabricate chips for smartphones based on the latter’s CPU technology. LG will become the first handset vendor to adopt Intel-fabbed chips following the ARM deal. According to Gartner’s semiconductor analyst cited in the report, Samuel Wang, A12/A13 chips for 2018/2019 iPhones are expected to be manufactured by Intel: TSMC could face tough competition as soon as 2018 or 2019 as Intel is likely to gain orders from Apple by then. Intel has begun to engage with Apple and it aims to grab one or two top-tier customers from TSMC. In addition to producing Apple’s A-series chips, Intel is also thought to be supplying LTE cellular modems for select AT&T and some international iPhone 7 models. What does all of this mean for Apple’s relationship with TSMC? Apple most likely won’t just drop TSMC for Intel—the firm isn’t foolish to rely on any single supplier for such a crucial component that the engine which powers the iPhone and iPad is. What Tim Cook & Co. are probably looking to do is pit TSMC and Intel against each other to squeeze the best deals out of them, mitigate risk and gradually reduce reliance on TSMC. A senior Taiwanese chip industry executive said: Intel is definitely the most formidable challenger for TSMC. There is no rivalry between Apple and Intel so it’s really likely that Apple could shift some orders there. The move is also in line with Washington’s policy to encourage U.S. companies to make more products at home. Intel’s Zane Ball argued recently its company can offer a better foundry service than rivals, saying “We can do design, and we can do assembly and test. We have remarkable sources and we will bring these capabilities to our customers as well.” Both Intel’s and TSMC’s foundries have been gearing up to deploy ten and seven-nanometer process technologies to fabricate even smaller and power-friendlier mobile chips. It’s important to keep in mind that semiconductor foundries like Samsung, TSMC and Intel will not actually design future iPhone processors themselves—that’s Apple’s self-imposed responsibility. Since the iPhone 4’s A4 chip back in 2010, the Cupertino firm’s been designing these things in-house. They acqu-hired a bunch of fabless semiconductor experts and now have more than a thousand silicon engineers on site, thinking up new A-series chips. Once the team’s designs are finalized, blueprints are sent to companies like TSMC who then fabricate silicon wafers en masse. Summing up, I find it fascinating that Intel originally passed on the opportunity to build the iPhone’s processor because it grossly underestimated potential volumes as it thought the handset would not prove popular. Anecdotal evidence: Apple itself approached Intel with the request to build chips for the original iPhone. It’s funny that—faced with the slowly dying desktop market—Intel is now looking to boost revenues by building the chips it didn’t even design, for a client it already turned down, to power the device it overlooked a decade ago. Image via iFixit Source: Nikkei Asian Review Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Design of Apple’s ‘A11’ chip for 2017 iPhones and iPads has been finalized DigiTimes: Intel to supply at least half of iPhone 7’s faster LTE cellular modems TSMC posts record profits as iPhone 7 demand fuels orders for A10 Fusion chip TSMC to build Apple’s in-house designed AMOLED driver chips for 10th Anniversary iPhone Related Topics A10, A11, A12, Apple, Chips, Intel, iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, Manufacturing, News, Rumor, Semiconductors, TSMC Rob lol I like that last paragraph, bet they were kicking themselves John Smith Pshhh, y-you know what else is fabricated? This rumor. #rekt Tony Trenkle Jr. fabricated? Lol is that right term there? Christian Zibreg Sure thing https://www.google.hr/#q=define+fabricate Xee Don’t like the sound of Intel getting involved, all their stuff is overpriced! CtKiDd78 Agreed, watch the iphone prices skyrocket if Intel is involved. mrgerbik like apple? lol Christian Zibreg Thanks. BTW, I never mention iPhone 4s, but “iPhone 4’s A10” chip but you’re right, that device shipped with the A4 chip inside 😀 I corrected the typo, thanks for giving me a heads-up, man!   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple Chinese New Year promo: free Beats Solo3s with Mac or iPhone Resetting AirPods fixes charging case battery woes for some users Rumor: Apple seeding first iOS 10.3 beta on January 10 with new ‘Theatre’ mode Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and more Beautiful iPhone 7 photos show New Year’s Eve celebrations around the world   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… CCLowPower adds a Low Power Mode toggle to Control Center ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices CCRecord: a tweak to quickly and easily record your iPhone screen Customize your iOS 10 Control Center toggle colors with Cream 2 and Creamless iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Flight simulator sets fire to airport Yorkshire council hit with prolonged web outage HPE bucks trend to retain high-end server crown Government calls for ideas on how to splash £400m on fibre Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists Twas the week before Xmas ... not a creature was stirring – except Microsoft admitting its Windows 10 upgrade pop-up went 'too far' Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Obama expels 35 Russian spies over election hacking Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers IT ops doesn't matter. Really? HPE: We're 'opening floodgates' for Synergy orders... a year after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study ClusterHQ? More like Clusterfscked: Cluster bombs, says it came to market too early Windows 10 nags, Dirty Cow, Microsoft's Linux man love: The Reg's big ones for 2016 Check your privilege: CoreOS's container tech rkt gets priv-escalation defense on Intel chips Docker opens up crucial container plumbing code cunningly disguised as 'boring infrastructure' Policy The Channel Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation How Google.org stole the Christmas Spirit Christmas Eve ERP migration derailed by silly spreadsheet sort El Reg just saved your Wikipedia Xmas US cops seek Amazon Echo data for murder inquiry Spotty battery life costs Apple's MacBook Pro its gold-star rating Tesla set to up prices by 5% in new year because of 'currency fluctuations' SPB Geek's Guide Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad 2016 just got a tiny bit longer. Gee, thanks, time lords Chinese boffins: We're testing an 'impossible' EM Drive IN SPAAAACE NASA explains how 'Spiders' grow on Mars Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things ‘Artificial Intelligence’ was the Fake News of 2016 2016: The Rise of the Intelligent (cloud) Machines Meet the Internet of big, lethal Things Uber's self-driving cars get kicked out of SF, seek refuge in Arizona Verity Stob Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse The Life and Times of Lester Haines What gifts did ol' kitten heels May get this year? How Rogue One's Imperial stormtroopers SAVED Star Wars and restored order More like this Intel Pcie 3d Data Center Storage Sunny, summery Intel slips out six flashy 3D NAND SSDs Doing Internet of Things stuff? There's one for you, too Intel E 5420s embedded (IoT) SSD 26 Aug 2016 at 16:01, Chris Mellor Intel has introduced six new SSDs using 3D NAND technology, with two client products, two data centre drives and two embedded Internet of Things drives. Chipzilla says these are the first of many utilising 3D NAND technology and we expect some of the existing 2D (planar) NAND drives to fall out of favour and be retired. The new product list is: Client PCIe NVMe 600p Series for the consumer client market Pro 6000p Series for the business client market Data Centre DC P3520 Series for read-intensive applications in cloud computing environments DC S3520 Series balances cost and performance for the data centre, and good the initial transition to SATA SSDs from HDDs. Internet of Things E 6000p Series in M.2 form factor applications such as point-of-sale devices and digital signage E 5420s Series provides additional data protection Into the detail and starting with the client drives: Intel's 600p joins its current personal client SSD products, the 540s, 750, 730, 535 and 530 series. Both use a 3rd party controller. It has 128GB, 256GB, 512GB and 1TB capacity levels, and is made from TLC (3 bits/cell) 3D NAND. Random read IOPS range from 35,000 at 128GB to 155,000 at 1TB Random write IOPS range from 91,000 at 128GB to 128,000 at 1TB Sequential reads range from 770 MB/s at 128GB to 1.8 GB/s at 1TB Sequential writes range from 450 MB/s at 128GB to 560 MB/s at 1TB The device comes in M.2 format with a PCIe Gen 3x4 NVMe interface. I has a 1.6 million hours MTBF rating but no drive writes per day (DWPD) figure is supplied and nor is its latency. The 600p has a five year warranty and AES 256-bit encryption. The Pro 6000p appears to top out the existing business client SSD range, the Pro 5400s, Pro 2500, Pro 1500 and 750 Series. The only spec-list difference we spotted between the 600P and Pro 6000p is that the latter is a 600p with added support for remote secure erase by Intel's Active Management Technology. Its performance appears to be the same as the 600p's. Data centre SSDs Intel has a mass of data centre SSDs: D3700, D3600, S3100, P3608, P3700, P3600, P3500.S3710, S3700 and S3610. The P3520 and S3520 add to this multifarious mix. The P3520 comes in U.2 and an HHHL PCIe Gen 3 x4 format. It has three capacity levels – 450GB, 1.2TB and 1.6TB – and is made from MLC 3D NAND, the two bits/cell stuff. Random read IOPSs are up to 145,000, 320,000 and 375,000 as capacity rises Random write IOPS are up to 19,000, 26,000 and 26,000 as capacity rises Sequential reads are 1.2, 1.7 and 1.71 GB/sec as capacity rises Sequential writes are 600 MB/sec, 1.3 and 1.35 GB/sec as capacity rises The S3520 is a more complicated beast, coming in 2.5-inch and M.2 6Gbit/s SATA formats. Intel says it's made from MLC 3D NAND wiith 16nm geometry, which is a surprisingly low cell size for 3D NAND. (see page 2 of this datasheet, PDF) 2.5-inch S3520 Random read IOPS are up to 67,500 Random write IOPS are up to 17,000 Sequential reads are up to 450 MB/sec Sequential writes are up to 380 MB/sec M.2 S3520 Random read IOPSs are up to 53,000 Random write IOPSs are up to 14,400 Sequential reads are up to 410 MB/sec Sequential writes are up to 320 MB/sec Intel provides latency numbers for this drive; read/write 46μs/50μs. Compared to the S3510 the S3520 needs 15 per cent lower idle power, 30 per cent lower active write power and has 35 per cent more performance/watt. Its endurance has been increased to one DWPD from the S3510's 0.3DWPD. We guess the S3510 just got replaced. Embedded SSDs Chipzilla has made SSDs for embedded system use for some time, including the E 5400s and E5410s. Now we have the E 5420s and Intel is calling this its IoT range of SSDs, with digital signage, point-of-sale terminals and ATMs in mind. The E6000p is an M.2 PCIe Gen 3 x 4 device in 128GB and 256GB capacities. It uses TLC 3D NAND with, we understand, a 348Gb die. Random read IOPSs are up to 35,000 at 128GB and 71,000 at 256GB Random write IOPSs are up to 91,500 at 128GB and 112,000 at 256GB Sequential reads are up to 770 MB/s at 128GB and 1.57 GB/sec at 256GB Sequential writes are up to 450 MB/s at 128GB and 540 MB/sec at 256GB It has a 10mW idle power rating and a five year warranty. The E5420s is built from MLC 3D NAND, not TLC, and comes in 150GB M.2 format or 240GB 2.5-inch guise; both with a 6Gbit/s SATA interface. Random read IOPSs are up to 35,000 at 128GB and 71,000 at 240GB Random write IOPSs are up to 91,500 at 128GB and 112,000 at 240GB Sequential reads are up to 770 MB/s at 128GB and 1.57 GB/sec at 240GB Sequential writes are up to 450 MB/s at 128GB and 540 MB/sec at 240GB This drive has AES 256-bit encryption, a two million hours MTBF rating and endurance of one DWPD. For brochure and spec information on these new SSDs hit this URL. The 600p is available now; think 256GB $130 and 1TB $460. The others will be along later. And if you have read this far, you deserve a cup of refreshing coffee and a biscuit. ® Sponsored: DevOps and continuous delivery Tips and corrections 1 Comment More from The Register Micron wheels out 'highest density' SATA SSD on the market +Comment 3D TLC latecomer catches up 13 Comments Peglar on the hoof: Micron flash and XPoint VP legs it Exits loss-making company for pastures new Micron sets a canary to watch over its stock in case of takeover Poison pill filing sparks speculation about aggressive buy-out action 5 Comments Micron, VMware, Supermicro, Nexenta doodle array designs Cosy club comes up with flashy little reference architecture Intel and Micron's XPoint: Is it PCM? We think it is What do you think? Micron wasn't super-clear 25 Comments Micron scrambling up wall of revenues pit It's still not making profit, but at least it's losing less Whitepapers Overcoming the Obstacles to the All Flash Datacenter The top 6 challenges that can slow your adoption of all flash technology, and show you how to overcome them. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. Content management and collaboration platform for apps With Box Platform, businesses can add secure content management and collaboration to applications without having to build and maintain their own content infrastructure. The business value of Red Hat cloudforms Red Hat CloudForms offers customers a unified vendor-agnostic platform for automating self-service provisioning and workload life-cycle management across hybrid multivendor virtualised, private cloud, public cloud, and container-based environments Most read Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing The Life and Times of Lester Haines Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Spotlight Turns out there's a market for marijuana... plants' video surveillance Sphere 3D has had two offers to buy parts of its business It's a ratchet: Old storage guard face incoming tech squeeze Shrinkage!? But it's sooo big! More data won't leave storage biz proud So. A new tech upstart wants 'feedback'. Um, maybe it actually does Well, FC-NVMe. Did this lightning-fast protocol just get faster? Double-DIMMed XPoint wastes sockets I'm not having a VMware moment – there's just something in my eye Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
null
joshua stein about | projects | rss | e-mail | github | twitter OpenBSD (with encrypted softraid) on the Chromebook Pixel (2015) posted to this is not a weblog on aug 26th, 2016 with tags nerd and openbsd The Chromebook Pixel LS (2015) has an Intel Core i7 processor (Broadwell) at 2.4Ghz, 16Gb of RAM, a 2560x1700 400-nit IPS screen (239ppi), and Intel 802.11ac wireless. It has a Kingston 64Gib flash chip, of which about 54Gib can be used by OpenBSD when dual-booting with a 1Gb Chrome OS partition. This guide is rather verbose because I explain each part of the process so you can understand how it works, instead of just blindly copying random commands from mailing lists and forums (most of which are for different/older Chromebooks). The Chromebook Pixel ships with a working SeaBIOS (RW_LEGACY) ROM region from the factory, so there is no need to download or flash any other ROM images. Enabling Developer Mode Booting OpenBSD Installer Repartitioning Setting Up Encrypted softraid Dual-booting OpenBSD and Chrome OS Removing ROM write-protection to default to booting OpenBSD Removing the blinding "Developer Mode" splash screen and shortening the SeaBIOS timeout duration OpenBSD component support matrix Note: everything here can be done on a fresh Chromebook with no Google account setup. Enabling Developer Mode At the initial Chrome welcome screen, press Escape+F3(Refresh)+Power and the machine will reboot. Press Control+D then Enter at the scary warning screen, then Control+D again to transition into Developer Mode which will wipe out your locally-stored user data. After the state partition is formatted, it will reboot to the scary warning screen. Press Control+D to continue booting into Chrome OS. At the Chrome welcome screen, hit Control+Alt+F2(Forward) to get to a console, and login as chronos. Enable legacy booting (to SeaBIOS) so we can boot to OpenBSD with sudo crossystem dev_boot_legacy=1. Note: dev_boot_usb is not needed since that's for non-legacy (Chrome OS) booting from USB. If you have already unscrewed the write-protect screw to be able to change the default boot flags, you can jump ahead to do that now. Booting OpenBSD Installer Once you have enabled legacy booting, you can boot to SeaBIOS with Control+L at the boot screen which will boot the OpenBSD media from your USB stick or SD card. Since SeaBIOS only supports VGA text emulation (by drawing on the framebuffer setup by Coreboot) in 16-bit real mode, once the OpenBSD bootloader loads the kernel and switches into protected mode, you would not see any text on the screen (unless/until inteldrm is loaded, which is not on the install media). Support for drawing an early console on Coreboot's framebuffer was added to efifb (which is present on the install media) between OpenBSD 5.9 and 6.0, so make sure you install a version 6.0 or higher. Repartitioning Chrome OS uses an encrypted /home mounted from the large STATE partition mounted at /mnt/stateful_partition. Rather than just change it to an OpenBSD partition, we'll shrink it and create another OpenBSD partition. This will allow the machine to properly boot into Chrome OS for future firmware upgrades and knob twiddling. From the OpenBSD install prompt, break out to a shell and fdisk -e sd0. The first partition listed is actually the last on the disk, and it's shown as a "DOS FAT-12" disk even though it's actually formatted as ext4. Shrink it with e 0 and make its size 1G or however large you want to give up for Chrome OS. Create a new partition with e 12 (or whichever partition number is next), make its type a6, starting at partition 0's start+size, and make use the rest of the disk. Setting Up Encrypted softraid Edit the disklabel with disklabel -E sd0, add an a partition with type RAID, making sure the offset and size match what you created earlier with fdisk, then w and q. Initialize the new encrypted disk with bioctl -cC -l /dev/sd0a softraid0 and enter a new passphrase. Then install to proceed with the installation, installing to the new disk that just appeared when the softraid0 device was brought up. Note that the iwm0 wireless device won't work during installation because there is no firmware package, so try a USB ethernet device that doesn't need firmware for now. The two USB-C ethernet devices I've tried both showed up as cdce devices which work fine in OpenBSD during installation. OpenBSD Bootloader At the end of the installation, you'll probably see a message that installboot couldn't find an OpenBSD partition. This is because the Chromebook uses a GPT disk layout for Chrome OS's bootloader, but SeaBIOS requires an MBR to boot legacy disks. Since the kernel and thus installboot sees the disk as GPT, it will want to install its EFI bootloader and not re-write the MBR. (Or, it sees it as an MBR disk with just one EE partition spanning most of the disk, with no OpenBSD partition present.) To work around this, you need to edit the MBR on the disk while preserving the GPT, and define an OpenBSD partition in the MBR with the same start/size as the partition already in the GPT label. Some 3rd party tools like GPT fdisk support this by creating a "hybrid MBR". Once the MBR contains an OpenBSD partition, the OpenBSD kernel should see it as an MBR disk, allowing installboot to work. You can fetch a statically linked binary of gdisk while still at the installer root prompt (the ftp binary on the ramdisk does not support SSL): # ftp -o /mnt/sbin/fdisk http://insecure.jcs.org/fdisk
# chmod +x /mnt/sbin/fdisk
# /mnt/sbin/fdisk /dev/sd0c
 From the gdisk command prompt, r to enter recovery/transformation mode, and then h to make a hybrid MBR. Add partition 13 (your OpenBSD partition) and say y to the prompt about adding ee first. Press enter to accept a6 as the partition type, and y to be bootable. Enter n to protect more partitions. Press o to see your new hybrid MBR which should contain your a6 OpenBSD partition. w to write table and exit. Now write a new MBR with fdisk -u sd0 and then installboot -vr /mnt sd1 to target the softraid disk, which will then find the sd0 disk and hopefully write your MBR. If you see a successful /mnt/usr/mdec/biosboot will be written at sector ... line, you should be good to go. reboot and hit Control+L at the splash screen, and SeaBIOS should find the OpenBSD bootloader. Chrome OS Once OpenBSD is installed, you can go back to Chrome OS by pressing Control+D at the boot screen. Upon first boot after re-sizing the STATE partition, Chrome OS will repair itself by re-formatting that ext4 partition and re-creating the encrypted /home. You should then go back to the chronos shell and set a password with sudo chromeos-setdevpasswd since any previous password will have been erased when Chrome OS re-initialized its STATE partition. If you got a different screen saying that Chrome OS is damaged and must be restored, your GPT partition table might be screwed up, or may have just lost the proprietary attributes set on the KERN-* partitions which tell Chrome OS which kernel to boot (as only one should be active at a time). If you proceed, you will lose your OpenBSD partition. You can try to repair these attributes with the gdisk tool mentioned earlier. Use the x and a commands to set the following attributes: Partition 2 (KERN-A): set 56 and 48 for      0101000000000000
Partition 4 (KERN-B): set 52, 53, 54, 55 for 000F000000000000
Partition 6 (KERN-C): set 52, 53, 54, 55 for 000F000000000000
 After writing out the GPT label, booting back into Chrome OS should work properly. Defaulting to OpenBSD By default, the Chromebook will boot to the scary "developer mode" splash screen and wait. If you don't press Control+D to boot to Chrome OS or Control+L to boot SeaBIOS within about 30 seconds, it will beep (very loudly) at you. To boot SeaBIOS/OpenBSD by default, and do it much quicker, you can change some GBB flags in the firmware through Chrome OS (good thing you kept that Chrome OS partition). Doing this requires that flashrom have write access to the normally-write-protected area of the device, which requires physically opening your Pixel and removing the write-protect screw: Power off and unplug the Pixel Remove the rubber strips from the underside carefully (if you stretch them out, they won't go back on smoothly) and remove all 16 screws The lid should easily lift off (there are no clips) Remove the pink write-protect screw located on the right-hand side near the USB ports, along with its washer Now you can disable write protection from within Chrome OS. Open the Pixel's lid and it should power on automatically. Press Control+D at the splash screen to boot to Chrome OS, then switch to chronos. Run flashrom --wp-disable to disable flash protection. You can now set the GBB flags to enable GBB_FLAG_DEV_SCREEN_SHORT_DELAY, GBB_FLAG_FORCE_DEV_SWITCH_ON, GBB_FLAG_FORCE_DEV_BOOT_LEGACY, and GBB_FLAG_DEFAULT_DEV_BOOT_LEGACY, which will automatically boot SeaBIOS after a short time: sudo /usr/share/vboot/bin/setgbbflags.sh 0x489 Before buttoning everything back up, test that opening the Pixel's lid displays the splash screen for only a couple seconds before booting to SeaBIOS automatically. To shorten the SeaBIOS timeout, keep reading. Removing the splash screen The Chrome EC (or video BIOS?) initializes the backlight of the screen to 100% upon boot. Normally it would quickly boot to Linux which would then adjust it down to a non-blinding level, but since it now displays its scary developer mode warning for a few seconds, this bright white screen at 100% backlight can be very disorienting, especially if you were just working in the console with a black background. To avoid this, you can just remove1 the white-background bitmap from the ROM image. vboot will then fallback to displaying a simple line of text ("developer mode warning") centered on a black background which is easy on the eyes, even at 100% brightness: To do this, you'll need to boot back to the chronos shell and use gbb_utility (which is what set_gbb_flags.sh uses) to write a zero-length Bitmap FV. First read the GBB region of the ROM (which should have its flags already set previously by set_gbb_flags.sh) to a file: sudo flashrom -i GBB:/tmp/gbb.rom -r
 Then create a zero-length file and store it as the bmpfv in the GBB: touch /tmp/null-images
sudo gbb_utility -s --bmpfv=/tmp/null-images /tmp/gbb.rom
 Then write the GBB region back to the ROM: sudo flashrom -i GBB:/tmp/gbb.rom -w
 By default, SeaBIOS will wait 2.5 seconds at its "Press ESC for boot menu." screen before continuing to boot OpenBSD, which can get annoying. To shorten this timeout without recompiling SeaBIOS, you can adjust the value in the etc/boot-menu-wait virtual file in the SeaBIOS CBFS. The SeaBIOS CBFS is contained inside of the main ROM at the RW_LEGACY region (which you can see by running fmap_decode /tmp/flash.rom to dump the entire FMAP table of the ROM) and is separate from the Coreboot CBFS. To extract the SeaBIOS CBFS to a separate file: sudo flashrom -i RW_LEGACY:/tmp/rw_legacy.rom -r
 You should now have a /tmp/rw_legacy.rom file that is only 2 megabytes. Next, you'll need cbfstool from Coreboot to make changes to the CBFS file. This tool is not shipped with Chromebooks, but you can download a binary from my website or compile it yourself from coreboot. wget -O /tmp/cbfstool https://jcs.org/cbfstool
chmod +x /tmp/cbfstool
 Now run cbfstool on the rw_legacy.rom file and make sure you can see its layout, which should contain at least a few entries. /tmp/cbfstool /tmp/rw_legacy.rom print
 Most likely there will be an existing etc/boot-menu-wait entry, so you'll need to delete it first, then add a new entry with your desired timeout in milliseconds. /tmp/cbfstool /tmp/rw_legacy.rom remove -n etc/boot-menu-wait
/tmp/cbfstool /tmp/rw_legacy.rom add-int -i 1000 -n etc/boot-menu-wait
 Now you can write the rw_legacy.rom file back into the RW_LEGACY region of the ROM. sudo flashrom -i RW_LEGACY:/tmp/rw_legacy.rom -w
 For good measure, take a full backup of the entire ROM and store it somewhere safe. sudo flashrom -r /tmp/final.rom
 Note: if you should ever want to go back to the original firmware with original splash screen images and timeouts, you can just extract and re-flash the original firmware (after re-applying GBB flags to continue booting OpenBSD): sudo chromeos-firmwareupdate --sb_extract /tmp
sudo /usr/share/vboot/bin/set_gbb_flags.sh -f /tmp/bios.bin 0x489
sudo flashrom -w /tmp/bios.bin
 1. I tried modifying the bitmaps and putting them back into the ROM, but it didn't seem to work (vboot just shows the "developer mode warning" text). I'm not sure if the bitmap files need to be in any particular format (other than what GIMP produced when re-saving the img_00006430.bmp file). This can be done by extracting the bitmap block from a ROM with gbb_utility -g --bmpfv=bitmaps bios.bin, then compiling vboot, running ./build/utilty/bmpblk_utility -x bitmaps to extract the bitmap block and get a huge number of .bmp files and a config.yaml file, editing the bitmaps, then reassembling with ./build/utility/bmpblk_utility -z 2 -c config.yaml /tmp/newbitmaps, and writing the new block to the ROM with gbb_utility -s --bmpfv=/tmp/newbitmaps bios.bin. Device Support Status is relative to OpenBSD-current. Component Works? Notes Ambient light sensor Yes Supported by my new acpials driver and the lux value is readable via sysctl hw.sensors.acpials0.illuminance0. Audio No Realtek RT5677CE over I2C and an RT5677AA over SPI, not supported on OpenBSD. Bluetooth No Shows up as a ugen device, but OpenBSD does not support Bluetooth. Keyboard backlight Yes Supported by my new acpicbkbd driver, which requires a post-6.0 change to acpiec to avoid trying to enter burst mode on the Chrome EC, which does not support it. Keyboard backlight can be adjusted with wsconsctl keyboard.backlight. Lightbar Yes Supported by my new chromeec driver that is in development, which facilitates communication with the Chrome EC to talk to the lightbar (among other devices). Suspend/resume Yes Made possible by my new acpitpm driver, which is a minimal driver that tells the TPM chip to save its state upon system suspend, otherwise the system will just reboot upon resume if the TPM re-initialization fails. SD card slot Yes Device show up as a umass USB device when cards are inserted. Touchpad/touchscreen Yes Both supported by my new iatp driver for the Atmel maXTouch over i2c. Touchpad provides two-finger scrolling and other things through the xorg-input-synaptics driver. USB Yes USB 3 and USB-C ports work fine for charging (sysctl hw.sensors.acpiac0) and peripheral access. USB-C tested with a Kanex USB-C Ethernet device which works via the cdce driver. Video Yes As of OpenBSD 6.0, the efifb driver will provide an early console drawn on Coreboot's framebuffer. Once the inteldrm driver loads, it will take over as the framebuffer provider. Accelerated X is handled through Xorg's modeset driver, as OpenBSD's Broadwell support is not 100% and using the xorg-video-intel driver can display a corrupted screen. Backlight can be adjusted with wsconsctl display.brightness. Wireless Yes The Intel 7260 802.11n wireless card is supported by the iwn driver. Comments? Contact me via Twitter or e-mail. Possibly Related Reading OpenBSD (not) on the Surface Pro 4 posted to this is not a weblog on jan 2nd, 2017 and was also tagged nerd, openbsd Remotely Installing OpenBSD on a Headless Linux Server posted to this is not a weblog on sep 12th, 2014 and was also tagged nerd, openbsd Copyright © 2001-2017 joshua stein. All rights reserved.
Myce.com Latest Updates Myce.com Home News Reviews Forum About Contact Home News Reviews Forum About Contact 2 0 0 Go Register Log In Crucial MX300 2TB SSD Review ADATA Ultimate SU800 256GB SSD review HyperX Predator 480GB PCIe SSD OakGate Expandable Desktop Storage Test Platform Review and Demonstration Crucial Ballistix Sport DDR4 16GB Memory Review Netac N580 m.2 SSD review Toshiba HK4E SATA 1600GB Enterprise SSD Review Samsung 960 Pro M.2 NVMe 1TB SSD Review Toshiba Canvio Connect II 3TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive Toshiba OCZ VX500 512GB SSD Review Crucial Ballistix Elite 3000MHz and 3200MHz DDR4 RAM review Crucial Ballistix Tactical DDR4 RAM review Home News Intel reveals budget 600p series NVMe SSDs Posted 26 August 2016 16:36 CET by Jan Willem Aldershoff Intel has revealed its budget 600p NVMe SSD series that will be available in capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB and 1TB. The chip giant has posted a page on its website that shows the NVMe drives will have a maximum sequential read speed of up to 1,8GB/s and a maximum sequential read speed of up to 560MB/s. The 600p series come in a M.2 formfactor and connect to the computer over the PCIe 3.0 x4 interface. They contain 3D TLC NAND about which Intel writes in the product brief, “delivered by a proven and trusted provider”. We expect that it’s 3D NAND from the fabs of the Intel and Micron joint venture, IM Flash. Intel hasn’t disclosed any information about the used controller. The drives have a MSRP of $69 for the 128GB model, $104 for the 256GB model, $189 for the 512GB model and $359 for the 1 TB drive. This means the average price per GB for the 1TB drive is about $0.36. That is still far more expensive than a SATA-3 SSD such as e.g. the Crucial MX300 of which the average price of the 1TB drive is about $0.28 per GB. While the 1.8GB/s maximum sequential read speed is much faster than any SATA-3 SSD, the maximum sequential write speed of 560MB/s is strangely enough close to what we would expect of a SATA-3 SSD. The drives do make up the relative slow sequential writes when it comes to random read and writes, maximum random reads are specified at 155,000 IOPS and maximum random writes at 128,000 IOPS. The 600p SSDs have a typical power consumption of 100 milliwatts while active, 40 milliwatts when idle and 5 milliwatts during sleep. Related Forum: Latest News Headlines Related Tags: ssd nvme m2 intel DrageMester Retired Moderator Posted on: 26 Aug 16 17:14 Quote: the NVMe drives will have a maximum sequential read speed of up to 1,8GB/s and a maximum sequential read speed of up to 560MB/s. The possibility to write would also be useful. 0 Agree alan1476 Administrator, Software Editor and Head of Promotions Posted on: 26 Aug 16 17:55 Soon they will pay you to take an SSD, prices are almost below platter drives. They are on sale already https://www.amazon.com/Intel-SSDPEKK...rds=intel+600p 0 Agree Register Login Register to Myce.com Register in 10 seconds, pick a username, enter your mail address and proof you're human, that's all! Username required An username is required and can only contain letters and numbers E-mail required Email is required, we'll send the password there Create account Welcome back Sign in with your Myce account. Not a member yet? Create an account Username A username is required and can only contain letters and numbers Password A password is required Login Post your comment Your message: Post comment Hot Threads Lite-On SOHR-5238Sjadburner, last post: jadburner 68 Post your Plextor 716 DVD Quality scans herecrossg, last post: Two Degrees 860 Happy New Year!beef barley, last post: roadworker 4 Fastest file type to use and not lose picture qualityguyo, last post: roadworker 5 Precision, accuracy, and reliability of disc quality (PI/PO/jitter) testsmuchin, last post: Halcyon 147 You've got to read this! Bug in Sonos speakers makes that alarms can't be turned off and went off too early Fri 30 Dec 05:12 by DoMiN8ToR Users of Sonos Play smart speakers complain on the company's forums that they can't disabl... 'Facebook unclear about offline data it buys about its users' Fri 30 Dec 06:12 by DoMiN8ToR Facebook purchases additional sensitive data about members of its social network but is un... Ransomware locks LG Android TV Thu 29 Dec 05:12 by DoMiN8ToR Owners of smart TVs running Android should be warned, ransomware can also infect televisio... Lenovo reveals laptops with Intel 3D Xpoint Optane SSDs Wed 28 Dec 04:12 by DoMiN8ToR Chinese PC manufacturer Lenovo is the first to announce laptops with Intel Optane SSDs. Th... Mozilla to lose 10% of its users after ending support for Windows XP and Vista next year Tue 27 Dec 05:12 by DoMiN8ToR Mozilla will no longer release security updates for Firefox on Windows XP and Windows Vist... Latest Comments I do not wonder coz the amount of spam on an IE page is load bogging Sounds like something is fishy going on here. I do recall a posting to... I was so hoping for a nice Teal or Alien Armpit. Maybe an image of a... Quote: Originally Posted by... I know few people that actually abide by the Facebook &quot;real... Facebooks behavior like this and all the other privacy violating things... @AaronZ26593: You're absolutely right. Facebook loves to spy on everything... Oh, the apparent stupidity of modern computational devices, and the people... What's going on? jadburner added a forum post to Pioneer BDR-208 (S08XLT), 208D, 208M (208E/U/J/XJ, 2208), BDR-S08 (S08J/XLB) jadburner added a forum post to Pioneer BDR-208 (S08XLT), 208D, 208M (208E/U/J/XJ, 2208), BDR-S08 (S08J/XLB) jadburner added a forum post to Pioneer BDR-208 (S08XLT), 208D, 208M (208E/U/J/XJ, 2208), BDR-S08 (S08J/XLB) jadburner added a forum post to Pioneer BDR-208 (S08XLT), 208D, 208M (208E/U/J/XJ, 2208), BDR-S08 (S08J/XLB) roadworker added a forum post to Fastest file type to use and not lose picture quality Myce.com settings Several settings at Myce.com can be changed, they are stored in cookies, which means they will be reset if you clear Myce.com cookies Background Change the background to a plain color or trianglified image (similar to the default image) None / Default White Black Grey Artic Blue Indian Summer Gorgeous Green Salmon On Fire Purple Rain Grey Pink Baby No tracking features At Myce most social media feature are done server side and impose no privacy risk to the visitor when not used. Several features use Javascript with you can turn off here Remove Facebook / Google Plus tracking Remove advertisements Layout Switch to the List layout for an index with chronologycally listed news items or Grid layout for a block based layout. To see the change you need to reload the page Grid(default) List Submit Back to default × Content News Reviews Forum Hardware Forums SSD and HDD Blu-ray Burners General Hardware Blank Media Memory Cards Software Forums Video Edit Burning Software Movie Copy Windows 10 Android Legal Privacy policy Terms Cookie policy About About Brand & Award guidelines Advertising Contact Powered by Philaeum Wetboeken.online Follow us
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Intel and Apple Already in Talks Over ARM-Based Chips for Future iOS Devices Friday August 26, 2016 8:55 am PDT by Joe Rossignol Intel's new licensing deal allowing it to manufacture ARM-based chips for smartphones could win over Apple as a customer in as little as two years, placing pressure on current A-series chip manufacturer TSMC, according to Nikkei Asian Review. The report cited analysts that believe Intel could supply Apple with at least a portion of tentatively named A12 chips for iPhones in 2018, following reports that TSMC will be the sole supplier of A10 and A11 chips for iPhones in 2016 and 2017 respectively. "TSMC could face tough competition as soon as 2018 or 2019 as Intel is likely to gain orders from Apple by then," Samuel Wang, a veteran semiconductor analyst at research company Gartner, told the Nikkei Asian Review. "Intel has begun to engage with Apple and it aims to grab one or two top-tier customers from TSMC."The switch to Intel may not have significant implications for iPhone users, but it provides Apple with an opportunity to secure the best manufacturing deal and technologies available. Intel's foundries will manufacture ARM-based smartphone chips based on a 10-nanometer process, which TSMC is also moving towards. The move could also shift at least a portion of A-series chip production to the United States, which could help create new jobs on the company's home turf. "Intel is definitely the most formidable challenger for TSMC,” a senior Taiwanese chip industry executive said. "There is no rivalry between Apple and Intel so it's really likely that Apple could shift some orders there. The move is also in line with Washington's policy to encourage U.S. companies to make more products at home."Intel is also expected to supply modems for select iPhone 7 models, including AT&T versions and some international models sold in other countries, as Apple lessens its dependance on existing supplier Qualcomm. Tags: TSMC, Intel, ARM [ 79 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) BeefCake 15 19 weeks ago My gut tells me this has a hint of ARM in Macs Rating: 9 Votes maflynn 19 weeks ago imagine an "intel inside" decal on your phone Why? Its not like we see that on our Macs now. Rating: 7 Votes macduke 19 weeks ago imagine an "intel inside" decal on your phone Hah, this just sent me on a trip down memory lane… I remember the first computer I built was a 1.5GHz Pentium 4 in early high school. I ordered it as an OEM tray from TigerDirect to save some money (back when you would still order computer parts through the mail from a magazine). The trays didn't come with stickers, and I was disappointed, so I found some for cheap on eBay and ordered them. I proudly stuck that on the front so I could brag to all my friends since Pentium 4s were still fairly new. That machine was such a piece though. The motherboard was glitchy as hell, and the power supply was also crap. Let's just say I've changed a lot since then—and also since 2005, when I built my second machine, which was a huge tower with an LED window, a heat sink shaped like a jet engine, and blue LEDs everywhere. *FACEPALM* However I'm still proud of that cable management though, lol. To this day I regret that it took me until 2008 to get my first Mac. I really loved using them in school, but I was so entrenched in Windows stuff. Bootcamp won me over, and eventually I didn't need it any more. Rating: 6 Votes CliftonHighgrov 19 weeks ago Intel has been one of the best things to happen to Apple mobile computers. The PowerPC days were extremely painful. Intel was far ahead of Moto and IBM in those days I don't recall it being that way myself. The only stumbling block was the lack of progress on a portable G5 that eventually led to the transition to x86. The snag was that spec-focused buyers struggled to reconcile the difference in clock speeds between Motorola and x86 chips, tending to assume the higher-clocked x86s must be better performers. Rating: 5 Votes macduke 19 weeks ago We're currently on the A9, and we're already talking about the A12. Good grief! Rating: 5 Votes XMZ-250 19 weeks ago Who knows maybe the future iPhones and especially iPads with an intel ARM-chip might someday run full desktop programs. Rating: 3 Votes soupcan 19 weeks ago Now not only Intel Macs will be delayed but the A-series cips as well. Yay! And if you don't get the sarcasm involved here what are you even doing on the internet. Rating: 3 Votes catportal 18 weeks ago My gut tells me this has a hint of ARM in Macs Your gut is wrong. Rating: 3 Votes bpcookson 19 weeks ago Smart move for Intel, and gives Apple leverage. Good news all around. Rating: 3 Votes DCINKC 19 weeks ago Let the complaining begin... :-) Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories AirPods Reset Fixes Charging Case Battery Issues for Some, but Issues Persist for Others 9 hours ago on iOS Blog Although the AirPods have been well-received by a majority of users after the holidays, the largest issue persisting online centers around troublesome battery drain issues with the headphones'... 49 comments TrackR Announces New Tracking Devices and Home-Mapping Smart Plug 12 hours ago on iOS Blog With CES gearing up in a few days, some companies have begun revealing new products ahead of the show, and today TrackR has unveiled new updates to its range of Bluetooth tracking devices that help... 18 comments iPhone 7 Photos Highlight New Year's Eve Festivities Around the World 13 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple partnered with 15 photographers in a number of countries around the world to capture New Year's Eve festivities with photos taken on iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus devices, according to CNN. ... 22 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a G-Drive USB-C SSD or HDD From G-Technology 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week’s giveaway, we’ve teamed up with G-Technology to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win either a 1TB G-Drive Slim USB-C SSD or a 1TB G-Drive Mobile USB-C hard drive. The G-Drive... 21 comments Apple to Bolster Presence in India Through Tax Concessions and New Factories 3 days ago on iOS Blog Following reports this month that Apple has been in talks to manufacture its products locally in India, as well as set up a distribution center in the country, an article by Bloomberg today suggests... 30 comments Foxconn Details Three-Phase Plan to Eventually 'Automate Entire Factories' in China 4 days ago on iOS Blog Foxconn is deploying a plan broken down into three phases that will eventually "automate entire factories" in China (via DigiTimes). According to the general manager of Foxconn's... 69 comments Facebook and Google Dominate 'Top Smartphone Apps of 2016' List, While Apple Music Ranks 9th 4 days ago on iOS Blog A new trend study published by Nielsen this week looks into the top smartphone apps of 2016, as well as the operating systems that the apps were downloaded on. This year within the United States,... 30 comments Kanex Announces GoPower Watch Stand and Mini Keychain Battery for Apple Watch 4 days ago on iOS Blog Kanex today announced two additional devices to its line of GoPower Apple Watch accessories: the GoPower Watch Stand and GoPower Watch Mini. The two new accessories join the GoPower Watch Portable... 34 comments • Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey Says a Form of Editing is Needed (41) • Twitter's Periscope Now Supports 360-Degree Live Videos (5) • Lenovo Announces New 'ThinkPad' Docks Equipped With Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Ports (66) • Hulu Inks Exclusive Streaming Deal With Disney, Gains 50+ New Titles (47) • Apple Watch Owners Notified of Upcoming 'Ring In the New Year' Activity Achievement (71) • LEDVANCE Announces HomeKit-Enabled 'Sylvania Smart Multicolor Bulb' That Doesn't Need Central Hub (35) • Video Converter 'Handbrake 1.0' Released for Mac After 13 Years in Beta (95)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Snowball!' Review - Pinball in a Winter Wonderland 'Island Delta' Review - Heavy is the Hand That Wields the Gravity Gun Update Mondays: 'Daddy Long Legs', 'Subway Surfers', 'Shadowverse', 'Warp Shift', and (Not Many) More 2016 Recap, Best of and Best Stories - The TouchArcade Show #288 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Don't Starve: Shipwrecked' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
TRENDING: Sentry acquires healthcare intelligence service provide... 2020: Digital skills to boost economic output by $2T Catapult moves beyond Microsoft Dynamics; partners with... About Us Contact Us Authors Techseen Code About Us Contact Us Authors Techseen Code Select Page BlueData raises $20M, aims to expand Big Data footprint The company has also announced to have signed a deal with Intel to design and develop its products on Intel Xenon Processor Technology Big Data Company, BlueData that designs and develops software for deployment of big data systems and applications for companies, claims to have raised $20 million in Series C funding. The investment round was led by Intel Capital along with participation from existing investors including Amplify Partners, Atlantic Bridge, and Ignition Partners. The company has also hinted at the involvement of an undisclosed, new key investor. The fresh flow of funds will be used to scale and bolster the company’s footprint in the Big Data world. The firm also plans to bolster its software development and innovation, along with expanding its engineering, sales, business development and marketing teams. As a part of the deal, Doug Fisher, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Software and Services Group, Intel will join the board of directors at BlueData. This marks the third Intel Capital investment in BlueData since 2012. “The value of Big Data is huge, and the interest among enterprises continues to grow. BlueData’s software platform complements Intel’s initiatives in Apache Hadoop and Apache Spark, as well as our technology advancements in data center virtualization and container technology on Intel architecture,” said Fisher. While, BlueData offers Big-Data-as-a-Service (BDaaS) to install Hadoop and Spark infrastructure on-premises or in the public cloud, its virtualization software, BlueData EPIC (Elastic Private Instant Clusters) claims to help companies with Hadoop and Spark adoption with data and analytical tools in virtual environments. Reportedly, it also delivers Hadoop-as-a-Service in an on-premises deployment model, with the enterprise-grade security and governance that IT teams require. Also Read:  ASG brings intelligence to data management with new product In addition, the company has also announced to have signed a partnership with Intel which will see BlueData optimize and develop its software on Intel Xeon processor technology. This could mean good business for Intel and hiked chip sales. The agreement aims at accelerating big data adoption for enterprises by simplifying deployment. And on the other hand, the chipmaker will “focus its engineering and marketing resources on the joint engineering roadmap and joint customer acquisition.” Brian Krzanich, CEO, Intel, said: Intel architecture provides a high-performance, secure, robust foundation for big data analytics. BlueData’s innovative software delivers the simplicity, agility and efficiency of big data-as-a-service in an on-premises model. Together, we are focused on bringing big data into the mainstream and unlocking the value for our enterprise customers. Kumar Sreekanti, Co-Founder and CEO, BlueData, stated: “This strategic collaboration with Intel will help advance BlueData’s mission of making it easy to deploy big data infrastructure. Our software platform simplifies the complexity, reduces the cost and delivers faster time to value for big data initiatives.” Our go-to-market relationship and joint product development with Intel will allow enterprises to accelerate their deployment of Hadoop and Spark, and deliver on the promise of big data analytics. He also believes, while infrastructure is the foundation, it will be the apps that drive adoption of Big Data solutions. In another company blog, Sreekanti continued, “To simplify the consumption model for Big Data, enterprises need a self-service ‘app store’ experience on their infrastructure. They need a solution that can obscure the complexity of Big Data infrastructure to deploy these new apps in minutes, instead of weeks or months. This is BlueData’s vision.” Also Read:  Volvo, Autoliv form JV to develop self-driving software Be the first to comment Author Sushri Sahu The left of all things right, Sushri Sahu is a journo of the tech-psyched world. ReadMore The left of all things right, Sushri Sahu is a journo of the tech-psyched world. Economy and Enterprise are her keen interests. She holds huge love for everything French and fine in life. PUBLISHED ON Aug 26, 2016 FILED UNDER Cloud, Data & Analytics, Investment, News TAGS BDaaS, Big Data, BlueData, BlueData EPIC, Brian Krzanich, Chip, Funding, Hadoop, Intel, Intel Capital, Kumar Sreekanti, Series C, Spark SHARE WITH Subscribe to Techseen newsletter NextRingCentral, Okta to unify business processes PreviousSoon Singapore can hail out to nuTonomy’s ‘robo-taxi’ About Us Contact Us Authors Techseen Code
null
tp:news tp:research tp:events Edition: International Nederlands Log in Register Products 0 Article Binder Edition: International Nederlands Log in Article Binder 0 Products Telecompaper Loading... 0 Sections Subscriptions Home : Wireless : Broadband : Video General IT : Industry Resources : Jobs : Calendar Subscriptions General China cybersecurity body welcomes foreigh tech companies Friday 26 August 2016 | 09:25 CET | News China has allowed Microsoft, Cisco, Intel and IBM to join its Technical Committee 260 (TC260) , part of the government's cyberspace administration and in charge of defining cybersecurity standards, the Wall Street Journal reported. The companies will now be able to take an active part in drafting rules, rather than participating only as observers, sources familiar with the discussions said. Representatives from Microsoft and Cisco confirmed the companies are members. IBM and Intel were not immediately available for comment. Over the past few months, the committee's seven working groups, which Thank you for visiting Telecompaper We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Sign up below to get access to the rest of this article and all the telecom news you need. Register free and gain access to even more articles from Telecompaper. Register here Subscribe and get unlimited access to Telecompaper’s full coverage, with a customised choice of news, commentary, research and alerts. Subscriptions Already registered? Remember me Free Headlines in your E-mail Every day we send out a free e-mail with the most important headlines of the last 24 hours. Subscribe now Categories: General Companies: Cisco / IBM / Intel / Microsoft Countries: China / World ::: add a comment Add comment 
 Register an account with Telecompaper We welcome comments that add value to the discussion. We attempt to block comments that use offensive language or appear to be spam, and our editors frequently review the comments to ensure they are appropriate. If you see a comment that you believe is inappropriate to the discussion, you can bring it to our attention by using the report abuse links. As the comments are written and submitted by visitors of the Telecompaper website, they in no way represent the opinion of Telecompaper. Related IBM invests USD 200 mln in cybersecurity Published 17 Nov 2016 08:07 CET | United States IBM Security announced a major expansion of its incident response capabilities, including new facilities, services and software ... China adopts cybersecurity law Published 07 Nov 2016 18:04 CET | China China has adopted a cybersecurity law. China says the new law will counter growing threats such as hacking and terrorism, Reuters ... Czech govt rejects Huawei technology on security grounds Published 09 Sep 2016 10:41 CET | Czech Republic The Czech Ministry of the Interior has rejected Huawei technology, after the Czech intelligence service evaluated it as a ... General 2 Jan Azerbaijan govt announces ICT development road map Azerbaijan | News 2 Jan Kike publishes guidelines for new consumer, EU rules Poland | News 2 Jan DeTe board members Nemat, Gopalan take on new functions Europe | News 2 Jan T-Systems Austria unveils 2 new board members Austria | News 2 Jan Russian telecom ministry names development director Russian Federation | News 2 Jan Teo, Omnitel B2B head resigns Lithuania | News 2 Jan Orange Spain to raise convergent plan prices in February Spain | News 2 Jan AllTele names new CEO, CFO after completing T3 deal Sweden | News 2 Jan Spanish govt gives EUR 20 mln to youth ICT job training Spain | News 2 Jan German federal minister wants creation of Digital Ministry Germany | News ::: more general Related Info IBM invests USD 200 mln in cybersecurity 17 Nov 2016 | United States | News China adopts cybersecurity law 7 Nov 2016 | China | News Czech govt rejects Huawei technology on security grounds 9 Sep 2016 | Czech Republic | News <1,000,000,000 Euro Fixed telephony revenues in 2019 Netherlands  |  2016 Q3 ::: more facts & figures Market Commentary 30 Dec 16 Main TV viewing time falling as tablet, VoD take over 30 Dec 16 T-Mobile looks to force change in net neutrality law through courts 27 Dec 16 Preview 2017: Dutch telecom market set for dramatic changes 12 Dec 16 Zero-rated data tests EU stance on net neutrality 14 Nov 16 T-Mobile NL sacrifices margin for market share in Q3 ::: more market commentary Background Articles 1 Jan Apple, Samsung and Google greatly expanded their mobile payment reach in 2016 29 Dec 16 Self-driving car market still 10 years away 29 Dec 16 Belgian operators cut opex ahead of increase in capex 19 Dec 16 Deutsche Telekom, partners on track with smart home 16 Dec 16 5G: a big step forward but still business as usual ::: more background articles Calendar   /   Industry Events 05 Jan CES 2017 ::: More Calendar Items 17 Jan 5th Annual Telecoms Fraud ::: More Industry Events Twitter ::: follow Telecompaper on Twitter ::: follow Facebook ::: like Telecompaper on Facebook ::: like LinkedIn ::: connect with Telecompaper on LinkedIn ::: connect Free Headlines ::: subscribe now Telecompaper We have been keeping professionals in the telecoms industry up-to-date since 2000. Telecompaper is a well respected, independent research and publishing company focussed on the telecommunications industry. tp:news tp:research tp:events This Site My account Alerts Subscriptions Products iPhone app Syndication FAQ / Help Advertise Press Contact Jobs Industry events Contact Information Corporate HQ Standerdmolen 20-III 3995 AA Houten The Netherlands Phone: +31 30 6349600 Fax: +31 30 6349699 Legal Information © 2000 - 2017 Telecom.paper BV. All rights reserved. Telecompaper is a trademark of Telecom.paper BV. No part of this site can be reproduced without the expressed permission of Telecom.paper BV. Our General Terms and Conditions can be found here. Privacy Policy Cookie Statement Terms and Conditions OK For optimum operation, this website makes use of cookies. For more information click here.
null
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Countdown to 2017 with HEXUS and ARM [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Storage Components News 3 Intel SSD 600p Series mainstream M.2 PCIe SSDs announced by Mark Tyson on 26 August 2016, 10:01 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac56w Add to My Vault: Intel has announced a whole host of new SSDs. All of them use the latest 3D TLC (Tri-level cell) NAND from Micron. To address various market segments Intel has new products for mainstream consumers – the SSD 600p Series, businesses and professionals – the SSD Pro 6000p Series, Data Centre – the SSD DC P3520 Series and SSD DC S3520 Series, and for IoT – the SSD E 6000p Series and SSD E 5420s Series. It is the consumer targeted Intel SSD 600p Series storage that we will focus on in the following news report. The new Intel SSD 600p Series proudly boasts that it is bringing PCIe to the mainstream. These drives make use of the increasingly popular M.2 form factor with PCIe Gen 3 x4 NVMe interface. Intel promises that the SSD 600p Series will "take PCs to a new level of responsiveness," offering performance about 3x faster than a SATA SSD but with similar pricing (to high-end SATA SSDs). For a brief rundown of the drives in the range and their suggested pricing in US dollars check out the chart below: Capacity Sequential read (MB/s) Sequential write (MB/s) Random read (IOPS) Random write (IOPS) Suggested USD price 128 GB 770 450 35,000 91,000 $69.00 256GB 1570 540 71,000 112,000 $104.00 512GB 1775 560 128,500 128,000 $189.00 1024GB 1800 560 155,000 128,000 $359.00   The lowest capacity drive offers a cost per gigabyte of 53 cents while the largest drive brings this value metric down to 35 cents. Other key specifications of these above SSDs are; a life expectancy of 1.6 million hours (MTBF) backed by an Intel 5 year warranty, they are 80mm long and 1.5mm thick (single sided designs), weigh 40g, and consume 100mW of power when active, 40mW when idle, and 5mW when in sleep state. Intel's SSD Pro 6000p Series offer the same headline sizes, read/write, and IOPS performance figures as the SSD 600p Series but are priced an extra $10 at each capacity. The only difference seems to be some different firmware / software to specifically support client and workstation management, and features such as Intel Remote Secure Erase. Most of the above products become available starting from next week but the 1TB drives arrive later, in Q4 this year. Related Reading 14 Day 21: Win a 1TB Crucial MX300 SSD We have not one but two 1TB drives waiting to be won. 0 SK hynix to invest $1.8 billion in NAND production facility New facility construction will begin in August 2017, hoping to complete by June 2018. 15 Day 10: Win a Synology NAS and Router Bundle We have a DiskStation DS416 and an RT1900ac router up for grabs! Nvidia begins marketing a 'PC Gaming Revival Kit' Day 7: Win a Qnap TS-231+ Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz Intel seeks to adapt silicon transistors to quantum computing Dell updates XPS 15 laptop with Kaby Lake CPU and Pascal GPU HEXUS Forums :: 3 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by mapesdhs - Tue 30 Aug 2016 14:46 Why no comment in the article on the comparatively low sequential write numbers? And why on earth are they bothering with a 128GB model? Posted by whatif - Tue 30 Aug 2016 23:34 The 256Gb, and up, models seem like a good dollar vs performance value option with good IOP's on the 512GB and up, definitely a lot faster sequential read speeds than SATA variants. But wonder why the sequential write speeds are so slow (relatively speaking). I suppose it may be because the average mainstream user will not be doing a lot of write intensive actions, so they focused more on getting good read speeds (eg - at about 3 times the speed of a average SATA M.2, it means even faster boot times) to keep the price lower, plus the performance user will be looking more at higher spec, more expensive models anyway. Though I am not to sure about the 128GB version - it's read speed drops dramatically when compared to the others - overall it's performance does not look that much different compared to standard SATA models. Wonder how hot these get when worked hard, maybe that has something to do with the specs. I am no expert on these (I have a now old Samsung xp941 512GB with heatsinks and a tiny fan mounted on it to help stop it from overheating and throttling), but that is how I see it. Posted by uBronan - Sun 11 Sep 2016 10:26 Its easy why they sell 128 Gb ssd's think about small laptops and nuc's, bricks Why would anyone need larger drives on those, 128 Gb is enough to run the the os and some applications one needs. More is overkill and nonsense. The fact that they are slower is also normal, any ssd gets faster when they have more storage chips connected to the controller. These days storage chips are often 1 size fits them all, thats why you hardly see smaller ones these days 128,256,512 and upwards. Each step up is another chip added to the controller, history learns the more chips the controller has to write the data the faster it will be stored. Its more complicated but this gives you an idea why the larger are faster. Why the sequential writes are so much slower is beyond me, however i am glad that intel is bringing some competition on the market. But they have to matchup a bit more to get people to buy them. Because most competition drives have minimal double the sequential write speeds of these. MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz 9 2 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 3 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 4 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz 9 5 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen 6 1 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 2 Day 13: Win an iiyama G-Master 4K monitor 19 3 Festive greetings from all at HEXUS 19 4 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 5 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR 15 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Aerocool Targets Gamers and RGB Enthusiasts at CES 2017 2 Samsung introduces the stylish, powerful and practical Galaxy A 3 Experience 10 Years of ZOTAC Design and Engineering Excellence at CES 2017 4 Thecus launches two new Windows Storage Server Rackmount NAS 5 PQI into Fingerprint ID Application Market 6 Samsung to Introduce New Quantum Dot Curved Monitor at CES 2017 INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,944 Forum posts: 2,563,248 Forum threads: 247,030 Currently active users: 299 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out05:55 GMT +303 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Nationwide Customs Computer System Outage Creates Chaos at US Airports China Invites Microsoft, Intel to Join Elaboration of Cybersecurity Standards © Photo: Pixabay Military & Intelligence 10:25 26.08.2016(updated 10:26 26.08.2016) Get short URL 133231 Chinese authorities have invited foreign hi-tech companies to participate in activities of the government committee aimed at elaboration of cybersecurity rules for such companies. MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The Wall Street Journal reported that Beijing had allowed Microsoft Corp., Intel Corp., Cisco Systems Inc. and International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) to join the activities of China's Technical Committee 260 (TC260), which was responsible for defining of standards in the sphere of cybersecurity. © Flickr/ Yuri Samoilov Germany, China Working on Cybersecurity Agreement - German AmbassadorThe newspaper added that IBM and Intel had not commented the information, but Microsoft and Cisco reported that they had joined the initiative. According to the media outlet, China has been paying special attention to the issue of its technical supplies' security after US whistleblower Edward Snowden's revelations about Washington's use of US-developed products for espionage. In 2013, Snowden leaked a cache of intelligence documents revealing widespread US surveillance practices at home and abroad. Snowden is currently living in exile in Russia, and faces charges of espionage and theft of government property in the United States. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 31 Related: Senior US Official Travels to Israel for Talks on Cybersecurity Russia Indicates Readiness to Resume Cybersecurity Cooperation With UK EU Launches Cybersecurity Partnership With $2Bln Investment Potential EU Commissioner VP Welcome Bloc's New Cybersecurity Rules Tags: cybersecurity, IBM, Cisco, Microsoft, Intel, Edward Snowden, China TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Jammy 12:15 26.08.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Microsoft is all about spying on users and that is why it's full of back doors and microsoft has 50 million IP-Adresses that can be used by our PC too call home. Why would China want anything to do with them is above me or does China like the NSA spying on them too.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 05:30Indian Official Blames Western Dress for 'Mass Molestation' on New Year's Eve 05:21Nationwide Customs Computer System Outage Creates Chaos at US Airports 05:20Georgia Implementing Reforms to Increase Interoperability With NATO 04:45This is What’s Wrong With Self-Driving Cars: People 04:41Turkish Army Kills 22 Daesh Militants, Destroys 111 Targets in Syria - ReportsAll news No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months 15852 The Real Plan Behind the US Decision to Supply Arms to Syrian Rebels 10076 Russia Comes Up With a 'Cold-Blooded Response' to Obama's Last 'Provocation' 8812 Happy New Year, America! The Message of Putin's Response to New US Sanctions 8679 How China Could Help Russia From Being Totally Cut Off From Global Internet 7419All news How China Could Help Russia From Being Totally Cut Off From Global Internet 99 Kissinger's Possible Role in US-Russia Normalization is 'Great News for Moscow' 61 No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months 51 Dashed Hopes: EU Wanted to 'Break Ukraine Away From Russia, Not Integrate It' 47 Russia Comes Up With a 'Cold-Blooded Response' to Obama's Last 'Provocation' 39All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Russia's Largest Car Manufacturer Celebrates 85 Years of Service Hit the Road Barack 'I'm Drinking the Stars!' How Champagne is Made News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok

Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Lanner Electronics Inc. Press Release Receive press releases from Lanner Electronics Inc.: By Email RSS Feeds: Lanner Adds NCA-1210 Into Its Expanding Compact Network Appliance Lineup NCA-1210 comes in compact desktop form factor, ideal for branch office and retail environment. As a wireless security router for such environment, NCA-1210 is built in a x86 open architecture for flexibility to run various software. New Taipei City, Taiwan, August 26, 2016 --(PR.com)-- For the wide spread adoptions of edge security gateways and virtual CPE, Lanner, a global leader in network appliance design and manufacturing, has added NCA-1210, a compact desktop network platform based on Intel Atom C2358/C2558 CPU (codenamed “Rangeley”), Intel QuickAssist Technology, four RJ-45 GbE LANs and four antenna holes. NCA-1210 is a value combination of form factor and computing processor. The compact desktop empowered by Intel Atom C2358/C2558 CPU proves to be the cost-effective network gateway for small and medium enterprises, retail, branch office and other edge security applications. The processor delivers ideal performance and power balance and is programmed with Intel QuickAssist Technology for accelerated cryptographic engine. Though in compact desktop form factor, NCA-1210 supports DDR3 1333 or 1600 MHz up to 16GB, offering high memory efficiency. Regarding the I/O interface, NCA-1210 comes with four RJ-45 GbE LAN ports, one RJ-45 console port, two USB 2.0 Type-A ports and four SMA antenna holes. The LAN ports are programmed with one pair of LAN bypass. Internally, the system integrates Marvell 88E1543 Quad PHY for improved networking capability. For wireless connectivity, NCA-1210 supports dual mini-PCIe slots. For cooling purpose, NCA-1210 supports one cooling fan. NCA-1210 Compact x86 Desktop Network Appliance with Intel Atom C2000 SoC CPU - Intel Atom C2358/2558 CPU with built-in Intel QuickAssist technology - 4x GbE RJ45, 1x RJ45 console, 2x USB and 4x antenna holes - Supports up to 16GB DDR3 memory - Marvell 88E1543 Quad PHY - Supports Gen.3 LAN bypass function (SKU A/C) - Dual Mini-PCIe Slots with SIM card support - Supports smart fan control (NCA-1210A) - Optional rack mounting kit About Lanner Electronics Inc. Lanner Electronics Inc. (TAIEX 6245) is a world-leading hardware provider in design, engineering, and manufacturing services for advanced network appliances and rugged industrial computers. With 30-year experiences, Lanner provides reliable and cost-effective computing platforms with high quality and performance. Today, Lanner has a large and dynamic manpower of over 800 well-experienced employees worldwide with the headquarters in Taipei, Taiwan and subsidiaries in the US, Canada, and China. Contact Information Lanner Electronics Inc. Tiana Wang 886286926060 Contact www.lannerinc.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Lanner Electronics Inc. Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Will There Be Any Takers for Intel Corporation’s 22-Nanometer Technology? Intel's attempts to win foundry business using older-generation manufacturing technologies may be in vain. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Aug 25, 2016 at 8:23PM Image source: Intel.  Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) went into some detail about its plans to build up its contract chip manufacturing business, known as Intel Custom Foundry. According to the company, it offers three main manufacturing technologies to prospective clients: 22-nanometer, 14-nanometer, and 10-nanometer. The smaller the number, the more advanced the technology is when comparing two technologies from the same manufacturer. Interestingly, in an interview with Semiconductor Engineering, Intel's Mark Bohr had the following to say with respect to the company's 22-nanometer offerings: Over time, our 22 [nanometer] platform may become more attractive to customers that are more at the trailing edge. As people look to move forward from 28 [nanometer] today, they may look at Intel 22 [nanometer] and 14 [nanometer] as options. There are also people on 40 [nanometer] today that are still thinking about going to 28 [nanometer] or 22 [nanometer]. Although on the surface this argument seems pretty reasonable, I don't think Intel will see many, if any, takers going forward on this technology. Here's why. The competition is quite fierce Intel faces some very stiff competition from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) for the customers that the former would like to court to use its 22-nanometer manufacturing technology. On one hand, TSMC has continued to offer cost/performance enhanced variants of its 28-nanometer technology over time, such as 28 HPC and 28 HPC+. On the other, TSMC is also offering a cost-reduced variant of its 16-nanometer technology known as 16FFC. So, in terms of cost-optimized relatively high-performance processes, Intel's 22-nanometer technology gets squeezed in between TSMC's 28 nanometer HPC+, which I suspect offers worse performance than Intel's 22-nanometer tech but is cheaper, and TSMC's 16-nanometer FFC, which should offer more performance than Intel's 22-nanometer technology but could be more expensive. I just can't see 22-nanometer doing particularly well with fabless customers -- customers who outsource fabrication, particularly given the breadth and depth of TSMC's offerings targeted at such customers. Where Intel's foundry biz can create value In general, I don't think Intel Custom Foundry will be all that successful in winning business from customers that are looking for "yesterday's technology on the cheap." In fact, the only reason I can see Intel Custom Foundry potentially succeeding is in offering differentiated solutions for customers looking for performance that they can't get from other manufacturing partners. To that end, I can see Intel's 14-nanometer technology potentially winning away business that might have otherwise gone to TSMC's 16-nanometer technology, and Intel's 10-nanometer technology being used to lure customers who might have chosen TSMC's 10-nanometer or 7-nanometer technologies instead. That being said, aside from the recently announced deals with LG, Spreadtrum, a company in which Intel owns a partial stake, and Altera, now owned by Intel, Intel's foundry business doesn't seem to have gained a ton of traction. Before investors declare victory for Intel or doom and gloom for TSMC, I recommend waiting two to three years to see if Intel can land significant wins with its leading-edge technology. If Intel can actually drive significant volumes of third-party chips on its older 22-nanometer technology, I would be beyond surprised. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Aug 25, 2016 at 8:23PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $28.75 down $0.38 (-1.30%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Will There Be Any Takers for Intel Corporation’s 22-Nanometer Technology? #stocks $TSM, $INTC
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Intel serves up affordable new SSDs with stacked… Intel serves up affordable new SSDs with stacked 3D NAND storage By Kevin Parrish — August 25, 2016 3:23 PM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Just days after the company wrapped up its developer forum in San Francisco, Intel unleashed a new set of solid state drives (SSDs) based on 3D NAND Tri-Level Cell (TLC) flash storage. Not to be confused with Intel’s upcoming Optane-branded SSDs based on 3D XPoint technology, these new units address the consumer, data center, Internet of Things, and business markets with a new cost-effective replacement for hard drives. On the consumer front, the company introduced the Intel SSD 600p series. They’re offered in a stick-like 80mm single-sided M.2 form factor that connects to an NVMe or PCIe 3.0 (x4) slot, providing capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, or 1TB. The sequential read/write and random read/write speeds vary between all models, with sequential reads ranging from 770MB/s to 1,800MB/s, and sequential writes spanning 450MB/s to 560MB/s. The random reads are between 35,000 IOPS and 155,000 IOPS, and the random writes are between 91,000 IOPS and 128,000 IOPS. Related: Super-thin laptops based on Intel’s “Apollo Lake” CPUs may ditch replaceable RAM The big deal with these SSDs is that they’re based on 3D NAND instead of traditional NAND. On a whole, SSDs are better than hard drives because data is stored in stationary compartments, rather than on a spinning magnetic platter. However, 3D NAND is better than vanilla NAND because the latter spreads those compartments across a limited, flat neighborhood, while the former stacks compartments vertically like a skyscraper. Thus, if you look at those storage capacities offered in Intel’s new SSDs, the company managed to cram all that space in such a small form factor by stacking memory, not spreading it all out. 3D NAND is faster, as well, because the skyscraper floors are connected by elevator shafts that data uses to travel up and down. Regular NAND utilizes something like a city-wide grid that connects all the cells together with streets that the data must use to travel from point A to point B. “Designed for a range of devices from desktops to laptops, the Intel SSD 600p Series will effortlessly manage demanding consumer client applications and easily handle intense multi-tasking,” the company said on Thursday. “The SSD 600p Series will take PCs to a new level of responsiveness with fast application launches and file loading.” According to Intel, the new 600p series will extend battery life in a notebook thanks to several built-in low power modes. Consumers could see idle power consumption reduced by up to 90 percent when compared to a typical 2.5-inch laptop hard drive. Power is reduced from watts to milliwatts, and if customers throw a sixth-generation Intel Core processor into the mix, those milliwatts could be reduced down even further into microwatts, the company states. That said, the new 600p Series has a typical power consumption of 100 milliwatts while active, 40 milliwatts when idle, and 5 milliwatts during sleep. Other highlights outlined by Intel include AES 256-bit self-encryption, a five-year warranty, and support for the company’s Solid State Drive Toolbox with Intel SSD Optimizer software suite. For business customers, Intel now offers the SSD Pro 6000P Series with capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB. Like the consumer models, they’re based on the M.2 form factor and support the PCIe 3.0 (x4) interface. Several solutions for data center applications can be found here as well, and a model for Internet of Things applications right here (SSD E 6000P Series). As for pricing, the consumer models range from $70 to $360, whereas the business-class models range from $80 to $365 in price. The difference between the consumer and business models is that the latter versions include remote management capabilities, enterprise-grade security, and more business-oriented goodies. Also watch: Share
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Software  »  Security  »  News Researchers quell Wildfire ransomware with decryption key by Robert Abel  |  Friday 26 August 2016  | Comment Now Intel and Kaspersky researchers developed a free decryption tool for victims of the Wildfire variant of ransomware. Intel and Kaspersky researchers developed a free decryption tool for victims of the Wildfire variant of ransomware. Threat actors behind the ransomware used spam emails containing macros to infect users before demanding a ransom of 1.5 bitcoin, according to a 23 August  Intel Security blog post. Wildfire is classified as a “local threat” as it targeted users in Belgium and the Netherlands with malicious emails disguised as missed package delivery notifications containing instructions on how to schedule a new delivery by filling out a “special form,” which actually contains the malware. READ NEXT: New malware campaign spreads backdoors instead of ransomware Kaspersky researchers observed more than 5,700 infections and said 236 users paid a total of almost $US78,869.00 in order to retrieve their files although researchers noted some users may have negotiated their payments down, according to an Aug. 23 Kaspersky blogpost. This article originally appeared at scmagazineuk.com Related Articles RansomFree keeps your PC safe from ransomware This ransomware will let you off the hook if you sell out your friends Review: Intel 600p SSD 512GB San Francisco public transport ticket system shut down by ransomware ESET releases Crysis ransomware decryptor tool Source: Copyright © SC Magazine, UK edition See more about:  decryption key  |  intel  |  kaspersky  |  ransomware  |  wildfire   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   The phone bed is the most ludicrous product you'll see today     SpaceX promises internet for all, with a little help from 4,425 satellites     Apple’s fancy new Mac book is $US199     Silicon Valley wants California to leave the USA after Trump win     Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016   More in Security (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Comodo Antivirus, Firewall and Internet Security 10 released << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (2 of 10 articles) NEWS RansomFree keeps your PC safe from ransomware << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (3 of 10 articles) NEWS IObit Advanced SystemCare Ultimate 10 strengthens protection, tweaks optimization tools << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (4 of 10 articles) NEWS This ransomware will let you off the hook if you sell out your friends << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (5 of 10 articles) NEWS PowerShell threats surge: 95.4% of analysed scripts were malicious << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Malwarebytes 3.0 aims to replace your antivirus << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (7 of 10 articles) NEWS ESET releases Crysis ransomware decryptor tool << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (8 of 10 articles) NEWS VirusTotal adds WhiteArmor to its lineup << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (9 of 10 articles) NEWS YouTubers sell phishing kits in plain view << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (10 of 10 articles) NEWS NirSoft releases GUIPropView 1.0 << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Security News Comodo Antivirus, Firewall and Internet Security 10 released Review Labs Brief: SecuraLive Antivirus Feature The Big Question: What's the best password manager? Group Test Group Test: Switch your antivirus Gallery Photos: AusCERT 2012 day one A-list Product Kaspersky Total Security From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Gear S3: Samsung's long-lasting smartwatch reviewed Telstra closing 3G: here's how to check if your phone is Next G compatible The best tech products of 2016 Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Australian telco year in review: the 10 biggest stories A year of deals! 26 Australian reseller mergers in 2016 The top 10 data centre stories of 2016 The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Former Toll CIO lands at Essential Energy Photos: The tech that used to run the Commonwealth Bank Telcos take ACCAN to task Ex-CBA IT exec sentenced to 3.5 years in jail for bribery 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege Star Wars Battlefront’s Scarif DLC fails to impress 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI A gorgeous fan collection of Battlefront Scarif DLC shots About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
null

Cooltrainer.org Posts | Projects | Source | CV | Contact A FreeBSD 10 Desktop How-to New Installations Disks Finish Upgrading First Boot UTF-8 Build Settings Tuning and drivers Mounts Device Permissions Sound Networking Wired Wireless IPv6 Firewall Installing Software Staying Up To Date Going Graphical With Radeon, Intel, or otherwise With NVIDIA Install fonts Desktop Environments KDE 4 MATE née GNOME 2 Window Maker Enlightenment XFCE Cinnamon GNOME 3 Theming Starting X Extras and Miscellany Printing S.M.R.T. Java Webcams and DVB IBus Linuxulator Wine Browser Plugins Virtualization Skype ISO-8601 Upgrade Notes 9.x to 10.0 10.0 to 10.1 History FreeBSD is a fast, secure, modern Unix-like operating system with a fantastic community, great documentation, and powerful technologies like ZFS and LLVM. It’s my operating system of choice for everything from my beefy i7-2600k desktop to my home router to my ARM plug computer jukebox. Though famed for its uptime in the datacenter the same OS is just as suited to desktop or laptop computing with a little work. Why use FreeBSD? Maybe I’m just getting old, but it’s nice to use an operating system that didn’t spawn a billion-dollar anti-malware industry through frequent security failings, where you can choose the interface you like and reasonably expect it to stay that way instead of being forced into the design fad du jour, where you don’t have to argue about the init system being replaced two times in the same decade, and whose key organizations don’t collectively kowtow to Microsoft when convenient. I’ve used many operating systems and have yet to find one more consistent and cohesive yet as well-supported as the BSD family, and FreeBSD is the one with the biggest community and most available drivers for things like graphics cards. “FreeBSD on the server, Linux on the desktop” is an oft-seen sentiment among some FreeBSD enthusiasts, and it’s sort of understandable considering the conservative out-of-the-box FreeBSD installation. Despite that, FreeBSD is just a few settings away from being an easy, powerful Desktop OS rivaling Linux, complete with the same software ecosystem available through the Ports collection. Unlike Linux where everything including the kernel is a package, FreeBSD is developed in a single source tree and released on a set schedule – twice a year – as a complete operating system on top of which you can install third-party software. The Release Engineering page tracks the release history and schedule. Two major branches see releases in parallel, and major branches tend to live for two years (four minor versions) after their x.0 release. FreeBSD 10.x is currently the newest release branch with 9.x in maintenance mode and major development happening on 11.x. This guide attempts to show users with various hardware configurations the best way to configure a usable modern workstation running FreeBSD based on my own experience with Emi, my FreeBSD workstation. There are projects such as PC-BSD and GhostBSD that can give you a good out-of-the-box desktop FreeBSD experience, but I find them disconnected from the underlying operating systems because they dump you into KDE or XFCE and attempt to hide as much of FreeBSD as possible behind graphical configuration. That’s not a bad thing, and I’m glad those projects exist, but this guide gets there in the other direction. You will install FreeBSD, learn how it works, and configure it into a great desktop. Compare this guide to something like Linux From Scratch or a Gentoo installation and you’ll see what a breeze this really is. Let’s do it! New Installations The Getting FreeBSD page has links to ISOs for the six tier 1 architectures. This guide focuses on amd64/i386 PCs though is broadly applicable to them all. The ISOs are available in bootonly, CD, DVD, and memstick. I usually grab the nearest >1GB USB drive and dd the newest memstick image to it. The larger DVD images are available complete with Ports distribution files for those doing fully-offline installations. Starting with 10.1 you also have the choice of uefi images, that being the first release to ship with the EFI version of the loader. Give it a shot if you have a computer with UEFI instead of an old-school BIOS, but be warned it is new and still sensitive to UEFI implementations that are incomplete or deviate from the standard. Booting it on my Macbook, for example, leaves me with a useless black screen console despite everything running correctly in the background (Bug 193745), but Apple are well-known for their shoddy UEFI implementation. Boot the chosen installation media via whatever means your computer can (EFI boot menu, BIOS setting, fallback) and get ready to install. FreeBSD will boot to bsdinstall and offer to Install, load an interactive rescue shell, or just boot normally off the installation disk. Choose Install, choose the keyboard mapping appropriate for your computer, and enter a hostname for your machine. When asked to choose system components I recommend selecting all of them. doc is useful to have locally if your Internet connection isn’t working, and system src is needed for some Ports to build and install. Disks On the next screen, Partitioning, select either the Auto (ZFS) option or the Auto (UFS) option. UFS is the traditional Unix file system and is usable on any machine. It is fragile in the case of power loss or crashes unless journaled. ZFS, on the other hand, is both a volume (pool) manager and a great filesystem. I strongly recommend ZFS for modern computers due to its resilience and rich feature set that makes it very practical for desktop use. It checksums your data constantly to ensure integrity and prevent silent corruption on-disk, and its copy-on-write model never overwrites blocks, eliminating the RAID-5 write hole. It supports snapshots, allowing you to snapshot a filesystem at an arbitrary point in time and roll back to it at will, like Apple’s Time Machine, and snapshots can be sent seamlessly across a network for incremental backups. It supports SSD cache devices to speed up reads and writes of pools backed by magnetic hard drives. It can deduplicate files, reducing the on-disk space for files that are significantly identical at the cost of lots of RAM. Achieving these features makes ZFS very memory-hungry. Plan to have 1GiB of physical memory for every 1TB of space in a zpool and much more if deduplication is used. ZFS can be tuned for tighter memory limitations, but very limited systems should use UFS instead. Most modern machines should not need to tune ZFS at all. It will use the memory available to it but also respond to memory pressure when other processes need RAM. Assuming you choose ZFS, set up your zpool. The pool can be a single disk (still called stripe but just striped with itself), a mirror, or any combination of disks in RAID-Z. Name the pool something. I usually name boot pools after the hostname of the machine and then data pools by function. The other ZFS options are dictated by your hardware. If you have an Advanced Format hard disk (any made in the last few years) or an SSD you should force 4k sectors. If your computer has a recent Intel or AMD CPU supporting AES instruction set there is very little downside to encrypting your pool. I recommend it for any pool that doesn’t need to automatically mount at boot, i.e. I use encryption on my workstation but not on my FreeBSD router. Encrypting multiple physical devices with the same key will only require the passphrase once. You will be prompted for the passphrase while the kernel has loaded and is detecting hardware. On my system the passphrase prompt usually gets buried under my USB devices as the kernel enumerates them, so if you find yourself stuck there at boot hit a few keys and Enter to make the passphrase prompt reappear. Use GUID Partition Table (GPT) if your computer uses EFI. PCs with BIOS most likely need to use a legacy MBR. GPT is a requirement to use disks over 2TB in size because MBR can address a maximum of 232 x 512 bytes, just larger than 2TB. The amount of swap space you use if any is dictated by the amount of memory in your computer and the loads you plan to place on it. Conventional wisdom says to use a swap size double the amount of physical memory in the machine, but I find that to apply less and less when you get up into double-digit gigabytes of RAM. My computer has 16GiB or physical memory and 8GiB of swap space defined. On some systems I don’t touch swap at all, but I recommend having at least some. You can enlarge it later. Finish Once your disks are set up the installer will copy files and prompt you for the base configuration of things such root password, time zone, and network options. It will ask you to add at least one non-root user. When creating your personal user account be sure to invite it to the wheel and operator user groups. wheel membership is necessary to gain root privileges for administration tasks, and you will assign operator device permissions later in this guide. When prompted you can remove the install disk and reboot into your new system! Upgrading Are you running a previous version already? The upgrade process is covered in full in Chapter 24 of the Handbook, but assuming you are running the stock GENERIC kernel the process is very simple using freebsd-update. Check my upgrade notes section for specific version instructions. First, fetch the new system using freebsd-update install by specifying the -r argument. Without -r it will just fetch security and errata updates for your current minor version. You can upgrade to a new minor version in your current major or to a new major version entirely. If you’re upgrading to a new major version, go to the .0 release first. Don’t upgrade from, say, 8.4-RELEASE to 9.3-RELEASE, but to 9.0-RELEASE first and then to 9.3. freebsd-update upgrade -r 10.1-RELEASE upgrade is interactive and will ask you to confirm the system components it thinks you have installed. Once it fetches the updated system files you can begin the installation process. freebsd-update install This will install the new kernel but not any non-kernel OS components like userland executables. Reboot via shutdown -r now, reboot, or a swift kick to the power switch. When the system comes up, log in as root and install the new userland by re-running the install command. freebsd-update install At this point your OS itself is ready to go but your Ports need to be updated to run on the new major version via your preferred method, such as pkg update && pkg upgrade, portupgrade, or portmaster. It is alternatively possible to maintain ABI compatibility with an older major version of FreeBSD by installing a compatibility library package such as misc/compat9x, but you shouldn’t unless you need it for a particular binary that isn’t available as source to build for the new version. Once that’s done you can run freebsd-update install one last time to chean out the shared libraries from the previous version. Reboot once more to your final updated system. First Boot Log in as root with the password you configured in the installer. Congratulations! You are now a FreeBSD user! The FreeBSD base system is a fully-featured operating system but as you can see does not contain a graphical environment or any third-party software like your typical Linux distribution. Before installing any of that you should configure your new system to be a better desktop. FreeBSD’s roots are in academia and the datacenter, so its default configuration is very conservative. The desktop or laptop computer you are most likely using is vastly more powerful than some of the configurations that will run FreeBSD, so there is room to grow without being unreasonable. You will need a text editor to edit configuration files. The base system ships with vi (not vim!) but for most users I would recommend ee. It’s part of the base system and is a simple but fully-featured editor like nano from the Linux world. If you aren’t happy with ee there are plenty of great editors you can install from Ports, like editors/vim, but let’s continue. If you aren’t entirely comfortable with editing config files you can re-access the graphical configuration screen from the installer by running bsdconfig as root, but I don’t think you’d be reading this page if that’s the case :) UTF-8 The LANG=xx_YY.ZZZZ environment variable sets the system locale to language code xx, country code YY, and character encoding ZZZZ. Language and country code affect default application language, number formatting, date and time formatting, string collation, currency settings, and more. By enabling a locale using UTF-8 character encoding, the system can understand and display each of the 1112064 characters in the Unicode character set, instead of just US ASCII as is default with LANG=C. Check locale -a | grep UTF-8 for a list of every available UTF-8 locale on your computer. As an American anglophone, I use en_US.UTF-8. Edit the login class capability database in /etc/login.conf to add a default character set and locale. Login shells will inherit the environment variables defined here in the default class or in a narrower class if it matches one. /etc/login.conf --- login.conf.default 2012-01-02 17:08:05.804291477 -0500 +++ login.conf 2012-01-02 17:08:16.996213774 -0500 @@ -44,7 +44,9 @@ \:pseudoterminals=unlimited:\ \:priority=0:\ \:ignoretime@:\ - \:umask=022: + \:umask=022:\ + \:charset=UTF-8:\ + \:lang=en_US.UTF-8: Rebuild the login database with cap_mkdb /etc/login.conf after making changes. You may have to specify the new locale elsewhere (like /etc/profile) for non login shell uses such as GDM and other login managers. /etc/profile LANG=en_US.UTF-8; export LANG CHARSET=UTF-8; export CHARSET GDM_LANG=en_US.UTF-8; export GDM_LANG You can read more in the Using Localization chapter of the Handbook. Check your work by running locale on your next login. locale LANG=en_US.UTF-8 LC_CTYPE="en_US.UTF-8" LC_COLLATE="en_US.UTF-8" LC_TIME="en_US.UTF-8" LC_NUMERIC="en_US.UTF-8" LC_MONETARY="en_US.UTF-8" LC_MESSAGES="en_US.UTF-8" LC_ALL=en_US.UTF-8 Build Settings Some third-party software options can only be set at compile time. Here are a few you should consider before getting started installing things. The Qt toolkit has some options that can be set via any combination of the following knobs. If you change the QT4_OPTIONS after Qt is installed you will need to rebuild devel/qt4-corelib and x11-toolkits/qt4-gui. QGtkStyle is a selectable theme engine that lets Qt applications integrate more closely with GTK+ environments and can be enabled with the QGTKSTYLE Qt4 option. You should enable this option if you plan to use a GTK+-based desktop environment like MATE or XFCE. Once built you can select the GTK+ visual style in qt4-qtconfig. CUPS is the standard printing engine on Free Unix-like systems. Support for it in Qt can be enabled with the CUPS Qt4 option. Network Audio System is a network transparent client/server audio transport system and can be enabled in Qt applications by setting the NAS Qt4 option. echo "QT4_OPTIONS= CUPS QGTKSTYLE NAS" >> /etc/make.conf Tuning and drivers Change a few sysctl variables to enhance the experience of FreeBSD on the desktop, including expanding the amount of shared memory, tuning the process scheduler for desktop use, and increasing the limit of simultaneously-open files to something sensible. /etc/sysctl.conf # Enhance shared memory X11 interface kern.ipc.shmmax=67108864 kern.ipc.shmall=32768 # Enhance desktop responsiveness under high CPU use (200/224) kern.sched.preempt_thresh=224 # Bump up maximum number of open files kern.maxfiles=200000 # Disable PC Speaker hw.syscons.bell=0 # Shared memory for Chromium kern.ipc.shm_allow_removed=1 Some knobs can only be set at boot by the loader by setting them in /boot/loader.conf. This is also where we define kernel modules to load at boot. /boot/loader.conf # Use new graphical console driver kern.vty=vt # Devil worship in loader logo loader_logo="beastie" # Boot-time kernel tuning kern.ipc.shmseg=1024 kern.ipc.shmmni=1024 kern.maxproc=10000 # Load MMC/SD card-reader support mmc_load="YES" mmcsd_load="YES" sdhci_load="YES" # Access ATAPI devices through the CAM subsystem atapicam_load="YES" # Filesystems in Userspace fuse_load="YES" # Intel Core thermal sensors coretemp_load="YES" # AMD K8, K10, K11 thermal sensors amdtemp_load="YES" # In-memory filesystems tmpfs_load="YES" # Asynchronous I/O aio_load="YES" # Handle Unicode on removable media libiconv_load="YES" libmchain_load="YES" cd9660_iconv_load="YES" msdosfs_iconv_load="YES" Finally, enable everything else. /etc/rc.conf moused_enable="YES" # powerd: hiadaptive speed while on AC power, adaptive while on battery power powerd_enable="YES" powerd_flags="-a hiadaptive -b adaptive" # Enable BlueTooth hcsecd_enable="YES" sdpd_enable="YES" # Synchronize system time ntpd_enable="YES" # Let ntpd make time jumps larger than 1000sec ntpd_flags="-g" Enable remote access via SSH if you plan to use it. Otherwise, there’s no need to expose your system. /etc/rc.conf # Remote logins sshd_enable="YES" Mounts The procfs and fdescfs virtual filesystems are not a default part of BSD but are frequently required for compatibility with programs and environments written with Linux in mind, such as GNOME/MATE and KDE. The FreeBSD equivalent is sysctl, but you can mount /proc too if you plan to use software requiring it. Some special filesystems like fdescfs must be mounted late on ZFS-rooted systems since the location of their mountpoint won’t exist until late in the boot process. /etc/fstab proc /proc procfs rw 0 0 fdesc /dev/fd fdescfs rw,auto,late 0 0 Toggle the sysctl that lets users mount disks. /etc/sysctl.conf # Allow users to mount disks vfs.usermount=1 If you neglected to add your personal user account to the wheel and operator groups at creation, now is a good time to do so. wheel membership lets you use su to become root, and operator membership is required for device permissions in this configuration. In this example my user is nicole. Substitute it for yours. pw usermod nicole -G wheel pw usermod nicole -G operator Device Permissions Relax default permissions on the device filesystem to allow normal users access to a variety of disks and input/output devices. Permissions for devices existing at boot time are set in devfs.conf. Each line defines a full device path and octal permission value. /etc/devfs.conf # Allow all users to access optical media perm /dev/acd0 0666 perm /dev/acd1 0666 perm /dev/cd0 0666 perm /dev/cd1 0666 # Allow all USB Devices to be mounted perm /dev/da0 0666 perm /dev/da1 0666 perm /dev/da2 0666 perm /dev/da3 0666 perm /dev/da4 0666 perm /dev/da5 0666 # Misc other devices perm /dev/pass0 0666 perm /dev/xpt0 0666 perm /dev/uscanner0 0666 perm /dev/video0 0666 perm /dev/tuner0 0666 perm /dev/dvb/adapter0/demux0 0666 perm /dev/dvb/adapter0/dvr 0666 perm /dev/dvb/adapter0/frontend0 0666 For devices that may be connected post-boot, we add an entry to a devfs.rules ruleset. Rulesets must have a unique name and number, and their rules are composed of a path or quoted path glob and octal permission value. /etc/devfs.rules [devfsrules_common=7] add path 'ad[0-9]\*' mode 666 add path 'ada[0-9]\*' mode 666 add path 'da[0-9]\*' mode 666 add path 'acd[0-9]\*' mode 666 add path 'cd[0-9]\*' mode 666 add path 'mmcsd[0-9]\*' mode 666 add path 'pass[0-9]\*' mode 666 add path 'xpt[0-9]\*' mode 666 add path 'ugen[0-9]\*' mode 666 add path 'usbctl' mode 666 add path 'usb/\*' mode 666 add path 'lpt[0-9]\*' mode 666 add path 'ulpt[0-9]\*' mode 666 add path 'unlpt[0-9]\*' mode 666 add path 'fd[0-9]\*' mode 666 add path 'uscan[0-9]\*' mode 666 add path 'video[0-9]\*' mode 666 add path 'tuner[0-9]*' mode 666 add path 'dvb/\*' mode 666 add path 'cx88*' mode 0660 add path 'cx23885*' mode 0660 # CX23885-family stream configuration device add path 'iicdev*' mode 0660 add path 'uvisor[0-9]*' mode 0660 Enable our new ruleset. /etc/rc.conf devfs_system_ruleset="devfsrules_common" Sound Enable sound support at boot in loader.conf, and load it immediately with kldload snd_driver. echo 'snd_driver_load="YES"' >> /boot/loader.conf Then, cat /dev/sndstat to see your available devices. cat /dev/sndstat FreeBSD Audio Driver (newpcm: 64bit 2009061500/amd64) Installed devices: pcm0: <HDA NVidia (Unknown) PCM #0 DisplayPort> (play) pcm1: <HDA NVidia (Unknown) PCM #0 DisplayPort> (play) pcm2: <HDA NVidia (Unknown) PCM #0 DisplayPort> (play) pcm3: <HDA NVidia (Unknown) PCM #0 DisplayPort> (play) pcm4: <HDA Realtek ALC892 PCM #0 Analog> (play/rec) pcm5: <HDA Realtek ALC892 PCM #1 Analog> (play/rec) pcm6: <HDA Realtek ALC892 PCM #2 Digital> (play) pcm7: <HDA Realtek ALC892 PCM #3 Digital> (play) pcm8: <USB audio> (play) default pcm9: <USB audio> (rec) The hw.snd.default_unit sysctl variable controls the default audio output. I want to use the S/PDIF output of my onboard Realtek audio, pcm6, so I set hw.snd.default_unit to 6. Enabling the hw.snd.default_auto boolean will automatically assign hw.snd.default_unit to newly-attached devices. /etc/sysctl.conf # S/PDIF out on my MSI board hw.snd.default_unit=6 # Don't automatically use new sound devices hw.snd.default_auto=0 Networking If you didn’t enable networking during the install process now is a good time to do so. Here as an example is my computer, emi, a desktop with a wired network. I have a Realtek interface, re0. The name of your interface may vary based on the driver it uses. Most drivers are built into the GENERIC kernel, so your interface should be visible by running ifconfig. Common drivers you may see include if_em for Intel PRO interfaces, if_re for Realtek interfaces, and if_en for Midway interfaces. Read more about network configuration in the Handbook to learn about other possible configurations. Wired You can use DHCP and SLAAC auto-discovery on most home networks: /etc/rc.conf hostname="emi.aloe.cooltrainer.org" # Enable DHCP for re0 and don't let dhclient block background_dhclient="YES" ifconfig_re0="DHCP" ifconfig_re0_ipv6="inet6 accept_rtadv" You can bring up the interface and get a DHCP address immediately by issuing ifconfig re0 up and dhclient re0, again substituting the name of your own interface. Alternatively, you can supply static network addresses for your computer and default router: /etc/rc.conf hostname="emi.aloe.cooltrainer.org" ifconfig_re0="inet 172.16.0.40 netmask 255.240.0.0 broadcast 172.31.255.255" defaultrouter="172.16.0.1" ifconfig_re0_ipv6="inet6 2001:370:10f5:806::40 prefixlen 64" ipv6_defaultrouter="2001:370:10f5:806::1" Wireless For WiFi configuration, see the wireless networking section of the Handbook. I sometimes tether my desktop to my Android phone using a run B/G USB interface. It’s as simple as defining a new virtual wlan interface on run0, configuring wpa_supplicant for the WPA pre-shared key, and specifying the SSID and encryption standard (WPA). /etc/rc.conf wlans_run0="wlan0" ifconfig_wlan0="ssid Doubleshot WPA DHCP" /etc/wpa_supplicant.conf network={ ssid="Doubleshot" psk="pantsupantsu" } IPv6 My configuration examples cover both IPv4 and IPv6 because I have a dual-stacked network. Depending on your network you may prefer to enable and prefer IPv6 like me, enable it but prefer IPv4, or not enable it at all. This can be done in rc.conf: /etc/rc.conf ipv6_activate_all_interfaces="YES" ip6addrctl_policy="ipv6_prefer" /etc/sysctl.conf # Accept IPv6 router advertisements net.inet6.ip6.accept_rtadv=1 Firewall You should run a firewall. Windows, OS X, and many Linux distributions ship with a default firewall ruleset. FreeBSD does not, because there is no one-size-fits-all firewall configuration, but it does include one of the best software firewalls in the world, PF, courtesy of the OpenBSD project. Configuring a firewall can be a very complex topic. There are entire books on the matter. Shown here is the ruleset from my computer. It has rules for a single network interface defined at the top of the file in the ext_if macro. Change it to the name of your computer’s interface as seen in ifconfig. The macros on the next few lines define the TCP and UDP ports on which this ruleset will allow incoming connections. My computer runs an SSH server on the default port, runs www/subsonic on port 443 (HTTPS), and has control ports for net/mosh in the 60000 range. You can open ports for additional services by defining them in those macros. The named services like ssh are defined in /etc/services. /etc/pf.conf # The name of our network interface as seen in `ifconfig` ext_if="re0" # Macros to define the set of TCP and UDP ports to open. # Add additional ports or ranges separated by commas. # UDP 60000-60010 is mosh control http://mosh.mit.edu/ tcp_services = "{ssh, https}" udp_services = "{60000:60010}" # If you block all ICMP requests you will break things like path MTU # discovery. These macros define allowed ICMP types. The additional # ICMPv6 types are for neighbor discovery (RFC 4861) icmp_types = "{echoreq, unreach}" icmp6_types="{echoreq, unreach, 133, 134, 135, 136, 137}" # Modulate the initial sequence number of TCP packets. # Broken operating systems sometimes don't randomize this number, # making it guessable. tcp_state="flags S/SA keep state" udp_state="keep state" # Don't send rejections. Just drop. set block-policy drop # Exempt the loopback interface to prevent services utilizing the # local loop from being blocked accidentally. set skip on lo0 # all incoming traffic on external interface is normalized and fragmented # packets are reassembled. scrub in on $ext_if all fragment reassemble # set a default deny policy. block in log all # This is a desktop so be permissive in allowing outgoing connections. pass out quick modulate state # Enable antispoofing on the external interface antispoof for $ext_if inet antispoof for $ext_if inet6 # block packets that fail a reverse path check. we look up the routing # table, check to make sure that the outbound is the same as the source # it came in on. if not, it is probably source address spoofed. block in from urpf-failed to any # drop broadcast requests quietly. block in quick on $ext_if from any to 255.255.255.255 # Allow the services defined in the macros at the top of the file pass in on $ext_if inet proto tcp from any to any port $tcp_services $tcp_state pass in on $ext_if inet6 proto tcp from any to any port $tcp_services $tcp_state pass in on $ext_if inet proto udp from any to any port $udp_services $udp_state pass in on $ext_if inet6 proto udp from any to any port $udp_services $udp_state # Allow ICMP pass inet proto icmp all icmp-type $icmp_types keep state pass inet6 proto icmp6 all icmp6-type $icmp6_types keep state Enable the firewall in rc.conf and start it now. echo 'pf_enable="YES"' >> /etc/rc.conf service pf start After making changes to your ruleset you can check them for validity and load the new rules with pfctl. It will abort if your ruleset contains an error unlike service pf restart which will stop, fail to start due to the error, and leave you locked out of SSH. Ask me how I know this will happen. pfctl -f /etc/pf.conf Installing Software FreeBSD is historically famous for its Ports Collection, a directory skeleton of Makefiles and patches describing how to programmatically build packages of third-party software for your computer. Each port contains the metadata for that piece of software including the filename of the source archive, sha256 hash of the files, what other software dependencies it requires, what compile-time options are available, what files it installs, and any patches necessary to work around non-portable code or fix issues that can’t be upstreamed to the projects themselves. Every port has a maintainer whose job it is to keep the port up to date and respond to issues if they arise with newer versions of the operating system. For example, check out the ports I maintain! When you make a port in the Ports Collection it downloads the upstream source archive, patches it, configures it, builds a customized binary package, and uses FreeBSD’s underlying binary package manager to install it. Third-party software installed through the package manager ends up in /usr/local where it mirrors the hierarchy of /usr. It might seem confusing to have them in two places, but it gives a fairly clean separation of the base system from the packages. For example, /usr/local/bin is where you will find firefox after installing www/firefox, but /usr/bin is where you will find ee or sed. As you have experienced, configuration for the operating system is done in /etc. Configuration files for your ports will usually be in /usr/local/etc. Check the hier manual for the full layout. As of FreeBSD 10 there is a new binary package manager, known as pkgng or just pkg. It replaces the old suite of pkg_ tools such as pkg_add and pkg_delete and contains many advanced features that have been missing from FreeBSD for years. Compared to the old package manager, pkgng supports safe upgrades (meaning it saves a copy of the previous-version package to roll back in case of failure), multiple repositories, package staging before install, a more modern binary package format, a more robust sqlite-based package registration database, and most importantly remote binary package upgrades. Thanks to pkgng it is now possible to add multiple remote binary package repositories and get updates from them without relying on building Ports at all. I still prefer building from Ports to using the binary packages because there are many useful non-default options on many useful ports and many ports unavailable as binary packages on the default repository. FreeBSD Ports’ options are as conservative as the base system, so options that pull in optional shared libraries or enable non-Free features will be off by default, and binary packages from the official package repository will reflect those defaults. Examples of non-default options you as a desktop user will probably want include support for most of the codecs in multimedia/mplayer and multimedia/vlc, PAM support in net/samba36, USB printer support in print/cups, and many others. It is possible to mix and match binary packages and building certain packages from Ports using pkgng’s lock and unlock, but that gets more advanced and more annoying than is appropriate for this guide. I build my ports on one of my computers using poudriere then use that computer as a binary package repository for the other FreeBSD computers on my network. A new user with just one computer should stick with one or the other until they are more familiar with the OS. I use and recommend Ports for users in this guide for the customizability, but the names are equivalent. For example, when I say “Change directory to /usr/ports/www/firefox and make install” you can also use pkg install firefox to get the already-compiled package from the official default repo with default options. No matter the route you choose, you should begin by updating your pkg repository or your Ports tree. pkg update will fetch an updated index from every PACKAGESITE defined in that environment variable or in /usr/local/etc/pkg.conf. For Ports, portsnap fetch extract will retrieve a new full ports tree. You should read pkg for the list of commands supported by pkg and read ports for the list of available make targets in Ports, but in general you will use pkg install <portname> or cd /usr/ports/<category>/<portname> && make install to install software. The first things I usually install are sysutils/tmux and shells/zsh because I prefer it to the venerable default tcsh. You might be more comfortable with shells/bash. Once installed, changing your user’s default shell is as simple as chsh -s /usr/local/bin/zsh. Staying Up To Date Before updating your Ports tree or pkg catalogue I suggest checking out UPDATING. This file – also found at /usr/ports/UPDATING – tracks breaking changes in packages and the steps necessary to to fix them. It will tell you when configuration file syntax has changed, how to fix dependencies when ports split or merge, when default versions of packages change, and more. You can update your already-extracted Ports tree to the newest revision with portsnap fetch update. There are two common tools for programmatically upgrading your ports, ports-mgmt/portupgrade and ports-mgmt/portmaster. I prefer portupgrade because portmaster stubbornly aborts the entire upgrade on any error, but you might like it. The common portmaster usage is portmaster -a to upgrade installed ports. I usually update with portupgrade -rac, with -r -a to recursively update all installed ports and -c to preemptively show new port options so they won’t interrupt the build. If you are using binary packages you can update the package repository catalog with pkg update and upgrade your installed packages with pkg upgrade. The Handbook has a more detailed chapter on using Ports that includes upgrading and other tasks. Going Graphical I’m sure you’re eager to get out of the text-only console. To do so you need to install the X.org distribution of the X Window System. Change directory to /usr/ports/x11/xorg. Since Xorg is comprised of many modular Ports it takes a while to build and contains many port options (displayed to you as a blue dialog prompt.) Run make config-recursive in x11/xorg to set these port options in advance so they don’t continually interrupt the build. Read over the options as they are presented, but generally don’t toggle an option if you don’t know what it does. The defaults are default for a reason :) Once you’ve chosen all the options, run make config-recursive again, since it’s likely for a dependency enabled the first time to have options of its own. When no further port options are displayed run make install to compile and install X.org. X.org by default uses FreeBSD’s devd for hardware detection and D-Bus for interprocess communication. HAL used to be the default hardware detection mechanism but is in the process of deprecation, so you may not need it unless you plan to use a desktop environment that still depends on it. Check the dependencies for sysutils/hal for a list of software still requiring it. /etc/rc.conf hald_enable="YES" dbus_enable="YES" With Radeon, Intel, or otherwise This section explains how you should configure X for systems using an AMD Radeon and the radeon driver, an Intel grahpics chip with the intel driver, virtualized graphics cards like emulators/virtualbox-ose-additions’s vboxvideo, or any other generic framebuffer device supported by the default vesa driver. As root, run X -configure. It will spit out a new X.org configuration file in /root/xorg.conf.new based on your detected hardware. Copy this file to /etc/X11/xorg.conf, then pull it up in a text editor for a few modifications. Add an “Extensions” section and enable the Composite extension. Section "Extensions" Option "Composite" "Enable" EndSection Add one line to the ServerLayout section to enable AIGLX. Section "ServerLayout" Identifier "X.org Configured" Screen 0 "Screen0" 0 0 InputDevice "Mouse0" "CorePointer" InputDevice "Keyboard0" "CoreKeyboard" Option "AIGLX" "true" EndSection I usually enable the EXA AccelMethod and DRI by adding their respective lines to the Device section. If you have a Radeon card ensure your Driver is configured as radeon, not radeonhd! radeonhd is an older, Novell-sponsored, defunct driver for Radeon HD hardware, but -configure likes to pick it by default if it’s installed. You should use radeon instead. Otherwise X -configure should pick the best driver. Section "Device" Option "AccelMethod" "EXA" Option "DRI" "true" Identifier "Card0" Driver "radeon" VendorName "Advanced Micro Devices [AMD] nee ATI" BoardName "RV770 [Radeon HD 4850]" BusID "PCI:1:0:0" EndSection Enable the freetype, bitmap, and type1 X font modules by adding them to the Module section. According to the manual, “[t]he extmod, dbe, dri, dri2, glx, and record extension modules are loaded automatically if they are present”, but I like to go for the explicit configuration and define them anyway. Section "Module" Load "dbe" Load "dri" Load "dri2" Load "extmod" Load "record" Load "freetype" Load "bitmap" Load "type1" Load "glx" EndSection With NVIDIA Skip this section if you don’t use an NVIDIA graphics card. The binary x11/nvidia-driver is the only proprietary software on my system. As much as I’d prefer a free and open solution, I’ve found that neither Nouveau nor the free Radeon or Intel driver compare to the speed and feature support of Nvidia’s official driver. Install the driver itself, x11/nvidia-settings, and x11/nvidia-xconfig. To load the nvidia kernel module at boot, enable it in /boot/loader.conf. echo 'nvidia_load="YES"' >> /boot/loader.conf Run nvidia-xconfig to get a base xorg.conf in /etc/X11/xorg.conf. Pull it up in your favourite text editor and add the Module section to enable the freetype2, glx, type1 extensions. /etc/X11/xorg.conf Section "Module" Load "freetype" Load "bitmap" Load "type1" Load "glx" EndSection Later on, once you’re booted into the graphical environment, you can use nvidia-settings to configure TwinView and any other settings. Install fonts X.org doesn’t include many attractive typefaces by default. Luckily, there are plenty available in Ports. Here are a few I use, including many from non-Roman languages for better Unicode coverage. Arphicttf and font-std for Chinese coverage. Culmus and El-Mar for Hebrew language coverage. IPA, IPA UIGothic, IPAex, Kochi, MigMix, Migu, Mona, MOTOYA, M+, Sazanami, Shinonome, Takao, UmeFont, VLGothic, Hanazono Mincho, and Mika-chan for Japanese language coverage. A-Lee fonts, Nanum, and Un fonts for Korean language coverage. Anonymous Pro, artwiz-aleczapka, DejaVu, Inconsolata, and Terminus for terminals and editors. Cantarell, Droid, Doulos SIL, and Ubuntu for general Roman alphabet language coverage. Telugu for Telugu language. Isabella, Ecofont, and Junicode as novelty typefaces. KhmerOS for Khmer language coverage. Padauk for Myanmar language coverage. STIX and Computer Modern for technical and mathematic symbols. Charis, URW, KOI8, Geminifonts, CYR-RFX, and ParaType for Cyrillic and Eastern European language coverage. x11-fonts/webfonts is a special case. It includes the Microsoft Core Fonts for the Web such as Andale and Verdana. If you own a valid Microsoft Windows license you can get Tahoma as well by adding to /etc/make.conf first. /etc/make.conf # Enable Tahoma in x11-fonts/webfonts if you have a Windows license # You show me yours and I'll show you mine ;) .if ${.CURDIR:M*/x11-fonts/webfonts} WITH_MSWINDOWS_LICENSE=yes .endif Now that those fonts are installed you need to tell Xorg about them using a FontPath in your /etc/X11/xorg.conf so they can be used. Unfortunately the font paths in Ports are not entirely standardized. Most of them end up in /usr/local/lib/X11/fonts, some end up in /usr/local/share/fonts/, and some in just /usr/local/share/. Here’s the relevant section from my xorg.conf. Yours should look similar. Section "Files" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/100dpi/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/75dpi/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/Caladea/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/Carlito/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/CharisSIL/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/DoulosSIL/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/Droid/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/GentiumBasic/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/GentiumPlus/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/Hana/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/Khmer/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/Liberation/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/LinLibertineG/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/Myanmar/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/OTF/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/PataType/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/TTF/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/TrueType/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/Type1/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/alee-ttf/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/anonymous-pro/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/artwiz-aleczapka-en/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/bitstream-vera/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/cyrillic/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/dejavu/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/dockapp/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/ecofont/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/encodings/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/fonts-indic/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/fonts-te/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/hebrew/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/junicode/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/koi8-u-gemini/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/local/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/misc/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/misc/:unscaled" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/profont/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/proggy_fonts-ttf/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/stix/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/stracke/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/terminus-font/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/ubuntu-font/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/unfonts-core/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/unfonts-extra/" FontPath "/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/webfonts/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/fonts/OTF/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/fonts/TTF/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/fonts/TrueType/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/fonts/amsfonts/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/fonts/cantarell/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/fonts/cm-super/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/fonts/shinonome/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/fonts/std.ja_JP/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/fonts/std.zh_CN/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/font-ipa/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/font-ipa-uigothic/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/font-ipaex/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/font-kochi/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/font-migmix/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/font-migu/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/font-mona-ipa/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/font-motoya-al/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/font-sazanami/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/font-shinonome/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/font-takao/" FontPath "/usr/local/share/font-vlgothic/" EndSection You can install other invididual fonts later as a user by copying them to ~/.fonts under your home directory. You can re-scan the configured FontPaths by running fc-cache -vf and can list all installed fonts with fc-list to check that they all appear. For example, I have a fairly large local font repository in my ~/.fonts/ directory and have 2313 fonts available on my system as of this writing according to fc-list | wc -l. Desktop Environments The best part of the X Window System ecosystem is the variety of environments available. You might prefer the configurability of KDE, the sparse cleanliness of MATE, something minimal like Window Maker, or even tiling like i3. This isn’t xwinman, but I’ve included screenshots and descriptions for some of the most popular environments to give you an idea what’s out there. KDE 4 KDE is the largest and most fully-featured Free Software desktop environment, based on the Qt toolkit. Its configuration options are dizzyingly numerous and it has excellent support for modern technologies like high-DPI displays. It has a modern compositing window manager, KWin, the web and file browser Konqueror that famously spawned the KHTML engine that became WebKit, and a family of other Qt applications like the excellent Clementine. The KDE4 meta-port is available at x11/kde4. You can start KDE with exec startkde in your .xinitrc, but KDE also includes its own graphical login manager, KDM which you can optionally enable in rc.conf and start as a service. echo 'kdm4_enable="YES"' >> /etc/rc.conf service kdm4 start MATE née GNOME 2 GNOME 2 was a venerable desktop environment made famous as the Ubuntu default around 2008, and MATE is the community fork of GNOME 2 after the GNOME team lost their collective minds. GNOME 2 is still available in Ports at x11/gnome2 but I can’t recommend using it since version 2.32 in 2010 is the last of its lineage. If you have a major GNOME craving check out the MATE Desktop Environment instead. It’s a well-maintained fork of 2.32 by an awesome team who lack GNOME’s utter contempt for their users. The MATE meta-port is available at x11/mate. MATE and GNOME users should configure PolicyKit to allow normal users to mount removable media automatically. /usr/local/etc/PolicyKit/PolicyKit.conf <config version="0.1"> <match action="org.freedesktop.hal.storage.mount-removable"> <return result="yes"/> </match> <match action="org.freedesktop.hal.storage.mount-fixed"> <return result="yes"/> </match> <match user="root"> <return result="yes"/> </match> <define_admin_auth group="wheel"/> </config> MATE doesn’t include a GDM alternative, so start it with exec mate-session in your .xinitrc. Compiz is a popular alternative window manager with MATE and GNOME 2 users. It gives you those fancy wobbly windows, 3d cubes, and all kinds of flashy stuff. You can install Compiz-Fusion from x11-wm/compiz-fusion. Be sure to disable the obsolete and unmaintained window decorator Emerald, a leftover from the Beryl project, when prompted on the port configuration screen. With Emerald disabled, compiz will default to gtk-window-decorator and will take on your normal GTK theme appearance but with more transparency and garish animation. Once installed, open Settings > Preferences > CompizConfig Settings Manager. You’ll probably want to enable the following plugins at minimum: General: Gnome Compatibility Desktop: Desktop Cube, Rotate Cube Effects: Animations, Window Decoration, Wobbly Windows Window Management: Application Switcher, Move Window, Place Windows, Resize Window Open the “Run” box with Alt+F2 and execute compiz-manager. compiz-manager is a script for detecting and using the proper compiz options for your video hardware. Your screen will flash while Compiz and gtk-window-decorator initialize and replace Marco, MATE’s default window manager. If your windows are missing titlebars, double-check you’ve enabled “Window Decoration” in ccsm. If all seems well, add compiz-manager as a new startup application (in Settings > Preferences > Startup Applications), then change MATE’s window manager preference in DConf: gsettings set org.mate.session.required-components windowmanager compiz To switch back, use the same command with the argument marco. Window Maker It isn’t as popular or well-known as the others here, but Window Maker is my favorite and longest-used window manager. It is based on the look and feel of the NEXTSTEP operating system, the OS that became Rhapsody and then Mac OS X and iOS. Unlike the extremely limited one-dimensional Mac OS X dock, Window Maker offers a main dock as well as a “clip” dock that is unique to each virtual desktop. Docks can hold normal launchers and “dockapps”, small self-contained dock accessories. You can install Window Maker from x11-wm/windowmaker and start it with exec wmaker in your .xinitrc. In addition, I also show x11-clocks/wmclock, sysutils/wmcpuload, net/wmnd, audio/wmix, x11/sakura, and x11-fm/rox-filer. The first time you start Window Maker you should run wmaker.inst to install the starter configuration to your ~/GNUstep directory. Enlightenment Enlightenment was the original eye-candy desktop before modern compositors were even a thing. Version 0.17 is the ambitious rewrite release that almost never came out until e17releasemanager got it out the door. It contains an eye-catching desktop built on the project’s own Enlightenment Foundation Libraries. E17 is shiny, bouncy, extendable, and very configurable. You can install it from x11-wm/enlightenment and run it with exec enlightenment_start in your .xinitrc. XFCE XFCE descends, like KDE, from the design of the once-proprietary Common Desktop Environment. As of XFCE 4.0, however, the desktop has become more of a GNOME-lite, the “other” GTK+ desktop environment. I don’t have much to say about it, but it is a very functional and lightweight desktop with panels, a window manager, a great file manager (Thunar), and some other lightweight applications like a terminal. You can start XFCE with exec startxfce4 in your .xinitrc. Cinnamon Cinnamon is a GTK 3 desktop environment from the Linux Mint project. It began as a fork of the GNOME 3 Shell into a more traditional panels and menus UI since many were dissatisfied with the drastic redesign of a beloved environment. It’s come into its own as a modern DE and offers everything you would expect from GNOME 2 or MATE with a cohesive feel and forks of several of the GNOME core apps. The only reasons I strongly prefer MATE to Cinnamon are the dearth of great GTK+ 3.x themes and Cinnamon’s inability to have more than a single panel in a multiple-monitor setup, issue #130, but the latter looks to be getting some traction as of late 2014. You can install Cinnamon from x11/cinnamon and start it with exec cinnamon-session in your .xinitrc. There is also a fallback software-rendering mode that can be started with exec cinnamon-session-cinnamon2d instead. No screenshots of this one since it won’t run in VirtualBox with any combination I can find of 3D/cinnamon2d and vboxvideo/vesa. Shoot me an email if you know how to make it behave otherwise check out screenshots of Linux Mint Cinnamon Edition on their screenshots page. GNOME 3 GNOME 3, available on Linux since 3.0 in the spring of 2011, is finally available in the official FreeBSD tree as of November 2014. The three and a half year delay is thanks to the upstream GNOME project’s years-long fight against any operating system that doesn’t have a penguin for a mascot. It took several years and a vastly waning userbase, then suddenly they care about portability again. Sure, okay. Either way, it’s here and you can install it from x11/gnome3. We weren’t missing much in the delay, since the GNOME team tossed out everything great about their once-ubiquitous DE and turned it into a shiny but unconfigurable iOS imitator where basic features and options are either not available at all, buried inside a settings registry more reminiscent of Windows 98 than BSD, or relegated to extensions that will break with every new minor version thanks to the lack of any stable extensions API and whose very existence are opposed by many of the main project contributors. Take a look at the GNOME Shell Extensions page with me and be amused that you need an extension to use a theme, categorize the Applications menu, remove the otherwise-omnipresent accessibility menu from the status bar, or even power off your computer without knowing about the magic Alt-button toggle. If you want a great GTK-based desktop environment maintained by a team that doesn’t hate you, check out MATE, XFCE, or Cinnamon. All three are excellent. I guess I can thank the GNOME project’s self-destruction for getting me back into Window Maker. Theming Finding Clearlooks too drab and blue? You can find a world of themes and icons for MATE over on GNOME-Look, for KDE at KDE-Look, for XFCE at XFCE-Look, for E17 at E17-Stuff, and for several lightweight window managers at Box-Look. There are several attractive and usable themes buried among the OS X Aqua clones, Vista Aero clones, and black-as-my-soul darkness-fests that are standard on any theming website. You can change theme settings for Qt4 applications with qt4-qtconfig and for KDE Qt applications (like Clementine) in the KDE System Settings. GTK+ is selectable in many window managers’ appearance preferences, and you can also install x11-themes/lxappearance for a light GTK theme switcher. Starting X The shell script .xinitrc in your home directory is the script that is executed for the lifecycle of your X session. .xinitrc is used to run startup applications and then run your window manager. When you finally end your X session your window manager will exit, .xinitrc will return, and the X server will stop. ~/.xinitrc xscreensaver -no-splash & xdg-user-dirs-update & redshift & compton & exec wmaker In my example .xinitrc I use Window Maker and start x11/xscreensaver, xdg-user-dirs, accessibility/redshift, and the lightweight compositor x11-wm/compton. This example script takes an argument to allow a choice of window managers. You can start an X session with startx or xinit <windowmanager> to supply the argument to .xinitrc. Starting your graphical session after logging in on a TTY is the traditional way, but I like to use a graphical login manager, x11/slim. It is like KDM or GDM but with no dependency on a particular desktop environment. After installing it you can configure the sessiondir directive in the SLiM configuration file to define the path to desktop entries installed by your ports, usually /usr/local/share/xsessions. Use exec $1 instead of a particular executable name in your .xinitrc to run the command from SLiM passed in as an argument. You can switch session with the F1 key on the login screen. /usr/local/etc/slim.conf sessiondir /usr/local/share/xsessions/ echo 'slim_enable="YES"' >> /etc/rc.conf service slim start The X session will use one of the virtual ttys. Once started, you can switch to a different virtual TTY with CTRL-ATL-F#. You can switch back to the graphical TTY with CTRL-ATL-F9. You may need to create a desktop entry for your window manager of choice if the port maintainer doesn’t ship one. Here’s an example. /usr/local/share/xsessions/wmaker.desktop [Desktop Entry] Encoding=UTF-8 Name=Window Maker Exec=/usr/local/bin/wmaker Comment=This session logs you into Window Maker Type=Application Extras and Miscellany Printing CUPS is the standard for printing on Free Unix-like systems and can be installed from Ports along with any needed filters. Install the CUPS meta-port at print/cups. Install HPLIP in print/hplip for HP printer drivers (and my Brother HL-2170W, for some reason). Install the Foomatic filter collection in print/foomatic-filters and its database and engine in print/foomatic-db and print/foomatic-db-engine, respectively. I find the CUPS-PDF virtual printer in print/cups-pdf very useful as well. Enable CUPS once installed: /etc/rc.conf # Disable line printer daemon since we have CUPS lpd_enable="NO" # Enable CUPS cupsd_enable="YES" Add local users to the cups group if you want them to be able to print. pw usermod root -G cups pw usermod nicole -G cups Start the CUPS service with service cupsd start and you should be able to access its web configuration UI at http://localhost:631/ in your web browser. It may prompt you for your root password to write the config files in /usr/local/etc/cups. Most full desktop environments include a GUI to control CUPS and add printers, but the web interface is available in any of them. The web interfaces’ built-in documentation can help you configure different models of printer, specifically the Network Protocols Supported by CUPS and Common Network Printer URIs sections. S.M.R.T. sysutils/smartmontools installs smartd and smartctl, a daemon and utility for checking the S.M.A.R.T. status of your local disks. Enable the sample smartd.conf. It contains one directive, DEVICESCAN, that causes smartd to scan all attached drives. cp /usr/local/etc/smartd.conf.sample /usr/local/etc/smartd.conf echo 'smartd_enable="YES"' >> /etc/rc.conf service smartd start You can check the S.M.A.R.T. status of a drive directly with smartctl as root. The -H flag will show basic pass or fail health status, and the -a flag will show everything. smartctl -H /dev/ada0 smartctl 6.2 2014-02-18 r3874 [FreeBSD 10.0-RELEASE-p2 amd64] (local build) Copyright (C) 2002-13, Bruce Allen, Christian Franke, www.smartmontools.org === START OF READ SMART DATA SECTION === SMART overall-health self-assessment test result: PASSED Java FreeBSD has several available Java providers, including OpenJDK and Sun's Oracle’s JDK. I recommend the newest OpenJDK for most people. It’s far easier to install than the binary Oracle JRE which requires logging in to a web page, agreeing to the license, and manually downloading the distfile for Ports. At the time of this writing the newest OpenJDK is java/openjdk8. OpenJDK 6 and 7 are available as well if you have software that doesn’t run on Java 8. If you need a Java browser plugin you can build and install java/icedtea-web once a Java provider is available. Webcams and DVB Most USB webcams and many DVB tuners are supported by multimedia/webcamd, and webcamd depends on the userland character device driver in multimedia/cuse4bsd-kmod. Install them, then enable them in rc.conf and loader.conf. /etc/rc.conf # Webcam daemon webcamd_enable="YES" /boot/loader.conf # Userland character device driver for webcams cuse4bsd_load="YES" You can use your camera device with pwcview available in multimedia/pwcview or with Cheese in multimedia/cheese. Cheese provides a nice interface similar to Apple’s Photobooth on OS X, but it has a heavy GNOME library dependency some may not want on their systems. IBus IBus is a modern IME for Unix-like systems, allowing one to input CJK languages. Install the main IME from textproc/ibus as well as QT application support from textproc/ibus-qt. You’ll need one or more input methods once the IME itself is installed. Ports of interest: chinese/ibus-chewing - Chewing engine for IBus chinese/ibus-pinyin - The PinYin input method japanese/ibus-anthy - Anthy engine for IBus japanese/ibus-mozc - Mozc engine for IBus japanese/ibus-skk - SKK engine for IBus korean/ibus-hangul - Hangul engine for IBus textproc/ibus-kmfl - KMFL IMEngine for IBus framework textproc/ibus-m17n - The m17n IMEngine for IBus framework textproc/ibus-table - Table based IM framework for IBus Heavyweight desktop environments like GNOME or KDE will let you configure the input method graphically. In GNOME 2 and MATE, for example, you can open the IBus preferences from the Settings > Preferences menu. KDE/Qt users can enable it as the default IME in qtconfig-qt4. Lightweight window manager users like me can start it in .xinitrc: ~/.xinitrc export XMODIFIERS="@im=ibus" export GTK_IM_MODULE="ibus" export QT_IM_MODULE="ibus" exec ibus-daemon -d -x & Now run any GTK or QT application, press your keyboard shortcut to switch input methods, and test it out. Linuxulator FreeBSD’s Linuxulator allows it to run Linux application binaries using system call translation. Desktop users will find it useful for running the handful of proprietary but necessary programs that are available for Linux but not for FreeBSD, such as Adobe Flash Player. Install the Linux base distribution from Ports. As I write this the default base distribution is emulators/linux_base-c6, based on CentOS 6, replacing the old Fedora 10 based emulators/linux_base-f10. Unless you need to use a particular f10-only application (like Skype) you should prefer the modern base, overriding the default in make.conf and switching to the necessary kernel version in sysctl.conf before doing the installation: /etc/make.conf OVERRIDE_LINUX_BASE_PORT=c6 OVERRIDE_LINUX_NONBASE_PORTS=c6 echo 'compat.linux.osrelease=2.6.18' >> /etc/sysctl.conf sysctl -f /etc/sysctl.conf Once your chosen linux_base installed, tell your system to load the linux kernel module at boot. echo 'linux_load="YES"' >> /boot/loader.conf Mount the linprocfs virtual filesystems for compatibility with GNOME and other programs requiring them. /etc/fstab linproc /compat/linux/proc linprocfs,auto,late rw 0 0 Besides proprietary garbageware like Flash Player I also use Linuxulator along with the Loki compatibility library package to run Loki Software’s Linux ports of some of the best PC games ever made, like Simcity 3000 Unlimited. Wine Wine is a free implementation of the Win32 API capable of running real Windows applications on Unix-like systems. It’s available from emulators/wine or emulators/wine-devel, containing the latest stable and unstable versions respectively. The optional Gecko support is an mshtml.dll replacement that will allow Windows programs to embed web pages using the Mozilla engine. The optional Mono will let Wine run Windows programs written in versions 1.x or 2.0 of the .NET Framework without using the proprietary .NET runtime. You can also download winetricks, a script containing Wine installation recipes for popular software, and you may find a Wine GUI such as emulators/swine useful for maintaining separate Wine prefixes. FreeBSD currently lacks the ability to install 32-bit ports on a 64-bit system, normally precluding an amd64 user from installing a 32-bit Wine capable of running 32-bit Windows applications. As a workaround, David Naylor maintains Wine32 packages for FreeBSD amd64. You can install them from emulators/i386-wine or emulators/i386-wine-devel. If you plan to use Wine to run browser plugins, use the compholio-patched version of wine in emulators/wine-compholio or emulators/i386-wine-compholio instead. Wine is very impressively-compatible these days. I use it to run a lot of games from Humble Store and GOG so I don’t have to fire up a Windows computer or VM. Wine is so good it is used to create the Linux versions of many of these titles, such as Freedom Planet, and in that case it’s a lot easier to run the same executable in FreeBSD Wine than to try and get the Linux Wine binaries running via Linuxulator. If every wine command fails with ELF interpreter /libexec/ld-elf.so.1 not found your 64-bit system is missing the 32-bit libraries necessary for Wine. You’ll need to install them. From the releases FTP, grab the lib32.txz matching your version of the OS and extract it either as root or with sudo to the root of your filesystem to install. The archive contains a full directory hierarchy so all the files will end up in the right place. fetch ftp://ftp.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/releases/amd64/10.1-RELEASE/lib32.txz tar xfp lib32.txz -C / Browser Plugins Adobe Flash Player is not released for FreeBSD but is usable on FreeBSD i386 and amd64 through your choice of two wrappers. The 32-bit Linux version of the Flash plugin can be installed via www/linux-c6-flashplugin11 or www/linux-f10-flashplugin11, executed through Linuxulator, and adapted to 32-bit or 64-bit native browsers with www/nspluginwrapper, though it is important to note Adobe dropped support for the NPAPI Linux version of Flash with version 11.2 back in 2012. They left development up to Google who only release a PPAPI version as part of their proprietary Chrome browser bundle, something that isn’t even available for FreeBSD. Even Chromium will be unable to use NPAPI Flash after 2014 as Google deprecates and removes NPAPI support from Chromium and Chrome starting in version 32. For now you can still use it in Firefox and other NPAPI browsers, but I think it’s just time to say goodbye to this old version or to Flash in general if you can help it. To use nspluginwrapper, make sure linprocfs is mounted and execute nspluginwrapper -v -a -i as your normal user to locate and enable the Linux Flash plugin. -a automatically finds available plugins and -i installs them. It’s important to remember it makes a copy of the Flash library in your home directory when you do this, so every time you update the version of Flash installed through Ports you need to remove your local cory with nspluginwrapper -v -a -r and install the new one with nspluginwrapper -v -a -i. Adobe promised security updates for the NPAPI Flash Player through 2017, and if history is any indication you’re going to need them. A newer and arguably better solution is emulators/pipelight, a Wine-based wrapper for Windows browsers plugins. It supports the very newest version of Flash, freeing us from the limitations of 11.2, and also supports Shockwave, Silverlight, Unity, and more. It requires a special patched version of Wine, emulators/wine-compholio or emulators/i386-wine-compholio. Once installed, activate plugins as root. pipelight-plugin --create-mozilla-plugins pipelight-plugin --enable flash Silverlight is available as well and can allow you to watch DRMed NetFlix content via your browser on FreeBSD. I have no experience using it since I don’t buy DRMed streaming media subscriptions, but it can be installed the same way. pipelight-plugin --enable silverlight5.1 Heed www/pipelight’s pkg-message warning about Silverlight DRM if you have a ZFS-based system: For users running with ZFS on root, watching DRM protected content requires extensive xattr support. If you run into issues with DRM failing, you can use the “pipelight-mkufs” command to create a UFS formatted ZVOL mounted on your users ~/.wine-pipelight directory. Other plugins are enabled the same way, and the list of available plugins can be seen in pipelight-plugin --help. Virtualization It’s pretty common to virtualize another operating system on your computer, possibly to run a proprietary program or access a proprietary office groupware system. Whatever the reason, it’s easy to accomplish on FreeBSD. FreeBSD 10 has a new built-in hypervisor known as bhyve capable of running FreeBSD natively and other operating systems via sysutils/grub2-bhyve. At the moment it only implements a serial console to access the guest systems which is fine for a server OS but probably not what you want. Alternatively, VirtualBox open source edition is available at emulators/virtualbox-ose. Build it with Guest Additions enabled for the best experience virtualizing Windows and Linux. Once it’s installed, configure loader.conf to load the VirtualBox kernel module and configure rc.conf to start VirtualBox bridged networking. /boot/loader.conf vboxdrv_load="YES" /etc/rc.conf vboxnet_enable="YES" /etc/devfs.conf # Allow VirtualBox network access own vboxnetctl root:vboxusers perm vboxnetctl 0660 pw usermod nicole -G vboxusers Skype Skype is bad, proprietary software that doesn’t value your freedom. Use audio/mumble or net-im/ekiga instead if you can. If you still wish to use Skype, make sure you have Linuxulator enabled and install net-im/skype. Version 2.1 of Skype’s Linux client dropped support for OSS, found in FreeBSD as the default sound API. Thanks to this, Skype 2.0 persisted for years as the version in Ports. With the introduction of an ALSA compatibility shim in FreeBSD 8.3 and 9.0 and audio/linux-f10-alsa-plugins-oss, we can use the newer ALSA-only Skype client. There is a newer Skype client available as net-im/skype4 that supports the CentOS 6 linux_base, but that version is not usable on FreeBSD 10.x due to missing syscalls in that branch’s Linuxulator. The ALSA client, unlike the old OSS client, requires some explicit configuration to use our sound devices. They must be defined manually in /compat/linux/etc/alsa/pcm/pcm-oss.conf, the configuration file of alsa-plugins-oss. In this example, I enable pcm6/dsp6 for audio output, and pcm8/dsp8, a USB webcam, as a microphone source. /compat/linux/etc/alsa/pcm/pcm-oss.conf pcm.oss8 { type oss device /dev/dsp8 hint { description "Open Sound System - Webcam" } } ctl.oss8 { type oss device /dev/mixer8 hint { description "Open Sound System - Webcam" } } pcm.oss6 { type oss device /dev/dsp6 hint { description "Open Sound System - S/PDIF" } } ctl.oss6 { type oss device /dev/mixer6 hint { description "Open Sound System - S/PDIF" } } The microphone volume can be controlled by invoking the mixer of your chosen recording device. Let’s raise the microphone volume now from 0% to 75%. mixer -f /dev/mixer8 mic 75 ISO-8601 This is personal preference, but I also set my LC_TIME environment variable to the en_DK faux-locale for ISO-8601 date formats instead of the ridiculous American standard. Quick, what date is 6/5/12? Oh, it’s 2012-06-05, of course. The locale isn’t included with the FreeBSD base system as it is in many Linux distributions, but it’s available from Ivan Voras’ blog. tar -C /usr/share/locale -zxf /path/to/your/en_DK.UTF-8.tgz Enable it in the login database and /etc/profile. /etc/login.conf @@ -46,7 +46,8 @@ \:ignoretime@:\ \:umask=022:\ \:charset=UTF-8:\ - \:lang=en_US.UTF-8: + \:lang=en_US.UTF-8:\ + \:setenv=LC_TIME=en_DK.UTF-8: cap_mkdb /etc/login.conf /etc/profile LC_TIME=en_DK.UTF-8; export LC_TIME Upgrade Notes This guide assumes you will track the newest STABLE branch, upgrading to new stable branches at the initial .0 release. That’s not a thing I would ever recommend with OS X, but I haven’t been burned by a new major FreeBSD version yet. This section notes things you need to know to keep your system in top shape when upgrading. 9.x to 10.0 If you are updating from 9.x to 10.0 or higher, run pkg2ng after rebooting into the new OS. This conversion script will convert the list of installed packages from the format used by the old pkg_ tools to the format used by pkgng, the new binary package manager. If you neglect this step the OS will think you have no packages installed and your life will become very confusing. 10.0 to 10.1 WITH_NEW_XORG is no longer a thing. The old version is gone. vt is a new console driver designed to replace syscons. It offers Unicode and graphics support using kernel modesetting. This is necessary to support UEFI. A loader variable kern.vty can select between vt and sc. /boot/loader.conf kern.vty=vt It will default to graphics mode but can be configured to use a text mode instead if necessary. /boot/loader.conf hw.vga.textmode=1 History 2014-12-26 Whoops, I missed that GNOME 3 and Cinnamon finally made it to the official tree! CentOS 6 is the default Linux base. HAL is mostly deprecated throughout the Free desktop world. Now that X.org no longer uses it by default I stopped recommending its use. 2014-11-29 Cover changes in 10.1 like installer changes, UEFI support, and vt. Upgrade notes moved to their own section. Cover CentOS 6 Linuxulator. Cover Pipelight for browser plugins. 2014-07-27 SLiM wants sessiondir now, not enumerated sessions. Update and expand Wine section TeXLive is now the default TeX provider, so no need to specify it over teTeX. 2014-07-17 Section re-organization I stopped using or recommending GNOME Cover firewalling Add a whole desktop environments section. Cover pkgng Cover installation instead of linking to a ZFS installation guide now that bsdinstall supports it Stop recommending blf in login.conf because the default is sha512 now instead of md5 KDE4_PREFIX is ${LOCALBASE} by default now WITHOUT_NOUVEAU is gone Use TeX Live FUSE is built-in now Add additional device paths for permissions Add virtualization section Wine packages are available in Ports now 2012-06-06 Re-arrange sections Java S.M.A.R.T. Network time WiFi configuration example Compiz-Fusion IBus Table of contents! Radeon Theming ISO-8601 2012-01-02 Initial article     Always seeking to survive and flourish. --EOF--
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event The Best of 2016 What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 41 1962 127 728 990 27 180 318 107 74 739 425 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater CarVi, A Smarter Driving Assistant Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Trending Events Ushering in a New You Radio Controlled Tech Deals For Sellers Sell on Marketplace iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Computer Systems >  2 in 1 Laptops / Ultrabooks >  2 in 1 Laptops / Ultrabooks >  DELL >  Item#: N82E16834296797 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … DELL XPS CNF:3705-6 Ultrabook Intel Core i5 2.70 GHz 256 GB SSD Intel HD Graphics Shared memory 13.3" Touchscreen Windows 10 Home 64-Bit REFURBISHED This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Intel Core i5 2.70 GHz 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD Intel HD Graphics 13.3" Touchscreen Windows 10 Home 64-Bit 11.98" x 7.88" x 0.33"-0.60" 2.70 lbs. LOADING... DELL XPS CNF:3705-6 Ultrabook Intel Core i5 2.70 GHz 256 GB SSD Intel HD Graphics Shared memory 13.3" Touchscreen Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A The DELL XPS 13 sets a new standard for 13" laptops with excellent performance, an attractive design and premium build in a sleek, elegant compact package. It is the world's smallest 13" laptop, by featuring a 13" display in a dimension of an 11" laptop. You'll love the screen at first sight, with a virtually border-less design, IPS panel technology and Full HD (1920x1080) resolution. The high frequency Intel Core processor delivers performance and capability needed for everyday tasks, like surfing, movies, office documents, home budget, and multitasking. Its backlit keyboard allows error-free typing in dim environments. The improved touch pad lets you scroll, pinch, zoom and point with speed and accuracy. You'll also appreciate its Corning Gorilla Glass for screen protection, extended battery life, fast SSD storage and an array of the latest connectivity options like USB 3.0, mini DisplayPort, 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. Best of all, with a stylish, durable and lightweight machined aluminum casing, the XPS 13 is a great companion that keeps you productive and entertained whenever you need it. The Smallest 13-Inch on the Planet with the World’s First InfinityEdge Display Large screen, small laptop: The virtually borderless infinityEdge display cleverly fits a 13-inch display into the size of an 11-inch laptop. Impressive screen size: The thin bezel frees up the screen space in this innovative design. The three-sided, virtually borderless infinity display measures a miniscule 5.2mm border: the thinnest frame on a notebook. With a slim bezel of less than 2% of the total display, you have more screen area to love. Thin build: Not only is the XPS 13 small, it's also stunningly thin to make it an ideal mobile companion. At only 9-15mm thick and starting at only 2.6 pounds (1.18kg), it is easy to stick in your purse or bag while you are on the go. Stunning View Easy to share: See content clearly from almost any angle with an IGZO2 IPS panel, providing a wide viewing angle of up to 170°. Enjoy the vibrant screen together with your friends. Brighten your day: The screen is brilliant enough to watch movies in sunlight without missing the details. At 400-nit, it’s up to 100% brighter than a typical panel (200-nit) for a great view even outside. With a high color gamut of 72% and a high contrast ratio of 1000:1, more colors are represented so you can see the brightest whites and the darkest darks. Small Size. Big Performance Start faster: Enjoy the speed, clarity and improved graphics with the new 5th Generation Intel Core processors. Stay powered longer: With up to 11 hours (for reference only) of run time on the QHD+ display, it’s leading the industry in battery life. Paired with the Dell Power Companion, you get up to 22 hours and the freedom to power all of your bonus devices. Speedy startup: The XPS 13 boots and resumes in seconds thanks to a standard solid state drive and Intel Rapid Start Technology. Improved Usability Pinch, zoom and click with precision: The improved touch pad delivers the exact action you intend, every time, so no more jumping or floating cursors. It delivers fluid panning, pinching and zooming, for an experience that’s touch screen-smooth and quick, and similar to the gestures you are used to on screen. And with Accidental Activation Prevention, there are no more mis-clicks when your palm hits the touch pad. See what you’ve been missing: This standard backlit keyboard lights up your keys and your ideas. No need to squint in low-light or no-light rooms while typing. Once you experience this added feature, you won’t be able to live without it. Premium Materials for a Stunning Design and Durability Tough stuff: Machined aluminum construction means the XPS 13 is precision-cut from a single block of aluminum for a sturdy, durable chassis. Cool under pressure: XPS products use carbon fiber that is similar to what is used for some of the world’s high performance cars and racing bikes for a stellar combination of lightweight and strength. The palm rest is strong and thin like aluminum, but lighter and cooler to the touch. Resists life’s “oops” moments: The Corning Gorilla Glass NBT QHD+ display is up to 10 times more scratch resistant than soda lime glass, so it helps prevent scuffs caused by handling, cleaning or wiping. Greenest XPS Laptop Ever Power-efficient: It’s more power-efficient than ever, enough to be ENERGY STAR 6.0 certified. Smarter materials: Built with the environment in mind, the XPS 13 is free of concerning materials like lead, mercury and some phthalates. The greenest XPS laptop ever, it’s also EPEAT Gold registered and BFR/PVC-free. Recycle-friendly: The rapidly renewable bamboo trays are 100% recyclable, so you won’t worry about your environmental footprint. And an impressive 90% of the laptop’s parts can be easily recycled or reused. Learn more about the DELL CNF:3705-6 Model| Brand DELL Series XPS Model CNF:3705-6 Quick Info| Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i5 2.7 GHz Screen 13.3" Memory 8 GB Storage 256 GB SSD Graphics Card Intel HD Graphics Video Memory Shared memory Style Ultrabook Type Mainstream Usage Consumer Dimensions (W x D x H) 11.98" x 7.88" x 0.33"-0.60" Weight 2.70 lbs. CPU| CPU Type Intel Core i5 CPU Speed 2.70 GHz Display| Screen Size 13.3" Touchscreen Yes Wide Screen Support Yes Operating Systems| Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics| GPU/VPU Intel HD Graphics Video Memory Shared system memory Graphic Type Integrated Card Hard Drives| SSD 256 GB Memory| Memory 8 GB Communications| WLAN DW 1560 802.11ac Dual Band 2.4 & 5 GHz, 2x2 Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Input Device| Webcam Yes Power| Battery 52 WHr, 4-Cell Battery (integrated) Dimensions & Weight| Dimensions (W x D x H) 11.98" x 7.88" x 0.33"-0.60" Weight 2.70 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 90 days Limited Warranty period (labor): 90 days Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.dell.com| Support Phone: 1-800-WWW-DELL Support Website| View other products from DELL Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Selected Items Reset compare Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Email Notifications Subscriptions Orders Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Sell on Newegg Marketplace Shipped by Newegg Become an Affiliate Become a Newegg Vendor Site Map Shop by Brand Product Review Video Center Rebates Trade-In Your Items Mobile Apps Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2017 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Intel refreshes SSD line-up with 3D NAND memory By Tim Schiesser on Aug 26, 2016, 9:30 AM TechSpot Intel has announced an updated range of solid state drives, all of which use the company's latest 3D NAND flash memory. Depending on the market segment the drives are aimed at, these new SSDs use either MLC or TLC NAND, and come in form factors that include M.2 and 2.5-inch. The SSD line that is of most interest is the SSD 600p, which is targeting consumer applications. Using TLC NAND in an M.2 PCIe 3.0 x4 form factor, SSD 600p drives feature sequential read and write speeds up to 1800 MB/s and 560 MB/s respectively. Random performance is rated at 155k IOPS reads and 128k IOPS writes. Pricing for these drives is decent considering their performance and capacity. Here's a quick breakdown: 128 GB M.2 - $69 256 GB M.2 - $104 512 GB M.2 - $189 1024 GB M.2 - $359 Intel has also launched the Pro 6000p line, which is very similar to the 600p except for remote secure erasure support, which adds $10 to the price at any capacity. The other SSD lines featuring 3D NAND target IoT and data center applications. The M.2 PCIe E 6000p line brings slightly reduced performance compared to the 600p for embedded systems, while the E 5420s takes a further performance hit in 2.5" and M.2 SATA form factors. The new enterprise drives are the DC S3520 and DC P3520, the former of which is a mid-range line of 2.5" or M.2 SATA drives, and the latter brings high levels of performance to U.2 and PCIe x4 HHHL form factors. The majority of the new drives will be available starting next week, although some 1 TB capacities will go on sale in Q4 2016. Related Reads OCZ introduces TLC NAND in new budget Trion T100 SSD Samsung announces ridiculously fast 950 Pro SSD with V-NAND and NVMe Samsung's budget 750 EVO SSD with planar NAND waits in the wings 6 comments 159 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Refreshed ThinkPads feature Kaby Lake CPUs and Optane SSDs Cherry MX Silent switches promise tactile feedback without the noise Samsung refreshes Notebook 9 line of lightweight laptops Popular 29 comments Trump wants to use couriers for important messages because "no computer is safe" Corsair Force MP500 480GB Review Load Comments 6 ... User Comments: 6 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 18 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) 19 Is my PC good for gaming? 60 What was the last piece of PC hardware you bought? 7 Budget Build Feedback 10 Color MFC Laser Printer Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Weekend Open Forum Hardware Open Forum: Can Zen return AMD to its former glory? By Shawn Knight on Aug 26, 2016, 6:30 PM 112 comments TechSpot AMD hasn’t offered Intel much in the way of competition in the CPU market for about a decade now. The chipmaker, now under new leadership, has spent the last four years developing an all-new microarchitecture that’ll be making its way to the market sometime next year. As an AMD faithful for many years (I was a broke teenager back then), I grew up in an era where AMD and Intel were duking it out for supremacy and would love nothing more than to see that happen once again (competition benefits us all). With this week’s open forum, we’re curious as to whether or not you think Zen will put AMD back on the right track. I know it’s tough to answer without performance specs and pricing, but would you be willing to jump ship if AMD plays its cards right or has Intel gained too much of a lead to be caught in one generation? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section below! Related Reads Weekend Open Forum: AMD or Nvidia? AMD's new AM4 socket spotted in the wild, ready for Zen AMD's Zen processors to feature up to 32 cores, 8-channel DDR4 112 comments 325 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Dell unveils a 2-in-1 version of its excellent XPS 13 laptop Corsair Force MP500 480GB Review Refreshed ThinkPads feature Kaby Lake CPUs and Optane SSDs Popular 29 comments Trump wants to use couriers for important messages because "no computer is safe" Corsair Force MP500 480GB Review Load Comments 112 ... User Comments: 112 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 30 Trump wants to use couriers for important messages because "no computer is safe" 11 Game of Thrones (not The Grand Tour) was the most torrented TV show of 2016 27 Smart TVs aren't immune to ransomware as one user recently found out 13 French 'right to disconnect' law goes into effect 7 Ariana Grande will appear in Final Fantasy mobile game Brave Exvius Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Join SVG Sponsor SVG SVG Mobile Subscribe to SVG SVG Members SVG Mobile Home News Latest News Production Technology Business College Venue Digital Events 2017 Sports Graphics Forum Past Events 2017 Calendar On Demand Initiatives Sports Broadcasting Hall of Fame Sports Broadcasting Fund College Initiative DTV Audio Group Venue Initiative Women’s Sports Media Initiative Sports Production Safety Group Veterans in Production (VIP) Blogs IBC 2016 BLOG Rio 2016 Olympics Blog NAB 2016 Blog Schubin Cafe Resources Job Board Runners Network Grass Valley K2 Dyno Operator Directory EVS Operator Directory Remote Gear Study Publications Archive Sports Media Newsletter Archive Sponsorship SVG Sponsors Become a Sponsor SVG Europe About Contact Us SVG Advisory Board Join SVG Today! Subscribe to SVG SVG Members SVG Facebook SVG Twitter SVG LinkedIn News Follow Us! ESPN Looks To Make US Open a ‘Coming-Out Party’ for Revamped National Tennis Center Network kicks off its second year of an 11-year exclusive-rights deal with USTA By Jason Dachman, Chief Editor Friday, August 26, 2016 - 2:19 pm Print This Story As ESPN returns to the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center for its second US Open as the exclusive domestic-rights holder and the host broadcaster for all international distributors, there will be a mix of both usual suspects and welcomed newcomers on hand. Although ESPN will once again have a cavalcade of familiar tech toys at its disposal — including Intel’s 360-degree replay technology, Spidercam, Rail Cam, and Hoist camera crane — it will be covering a wholly made-over Tennis Center featuring the much ballyhooed new retractable roof over Arthur Ashe Stadium, a rebuilt Grandstand stadium, and an additional outer TV court. The new retractable roof over Arthur Ashe Stadium at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center “The way to frame this one is, this is the USTA’s coming-out party,” says ESPN VP of Production Jamie Reynolds. “If you look at their new house, the National Tennis Center, and what [COO] Danny Zausner and his group have done … this is their coming-out [party] where it’s all about the venue this year. The debut of the roof and the outer courts is pretty spectacular. So everything from our perspective [in] capturing the event, both as host broadcaster and domestic carrier, is designed to feature that.” Coming off 2015’s most viewed US Open in four years, ESPN will deliver 130 live hours of US Open coverage on television, including at least 10 hours per day on ESPN and ESPN2 throughout the first week. In addition, WatchESPN, which more than quadrupled its live-minutes-viewed total at last year’s US Open, will stream a record 1,300 hours on WatchESPN with daylong matches from as many as 12 courts — up from 11 last year. The US Open Chase Review Multicam is back this year, displaying a mosaic of three feeds from Ashe, Louis Armstrong, and Grandstand stadiums. In addition, for the first time, WatchESPN will provide a feed dedicated to the main press-conference room at the Bud Collins Media Center all day every day (beginning with Media Day today). Broadcast Center, Tech Toys Back for Year 2 In its second year of an 11-year exclusive-rights deal, ESPN returns with the streamlined broadcast and administrative facilities it erected last year. In a marked departure from previous years, when a carnival of interconnected trucks and trailers served a variety of broadcasters, ESPN has created a two-story core broadcast facility that serves both its own domestic-broadcast needs and those of international rightsholders. With an 11-year commitment in tow, ESPN has installed a variety of permanent production tools at the Tennis Center for its coverage, all returning for year 2. Rail Cam, a robotic camera that moves silently along the base of the wall on the southern end of Ashe Stadium, will also be back at the Open. The system provides a superior ground-level look versus the traditional static camera at a higher angle and is particularly useful for providing angles of a player’s footwork and action from the player’s point of view. An exclusive staple of ESPN’s US Open coverage since 2010, the Spidercam aerial camera system will be added to the world feed for the first time. The three-dimensional aerial system with pan-tilt-zoom capability will once again hover over Ashe throughout the tournament. “What did we learn last year with the hardware we brought to the dance? Spidercam is coming back. That’s part of the host-broadcast feed this year,” says Reynolds. “We’re at a point now where that ought to be not a discrete asset but a shared asset for the world. Same thing with Rail Cam on Ashe. We kept that installed on the south wall.” The Hoist camera, a 70-ft. crane that can extend as high as 150 ft., will also return to provide epic beauty of the Tennis Center grounds, but in a new location. “Rather than being on a footprint, we actually have it go onto the park’s grounds just outside the venue, shooting back. That’s on the southwest corner shooting back into the venue. It features a prominent presentation of the new Grandstand stadium in that southwest corner of the venue. That’s kind of cool.” Intel’s Voya Axis 360-degree replay technology (rebranded from FreeD when Intel acquired Replay Technologies) deploys an array of 36 cameras installed around Arthur Ashe Stadium to freeze a moment in time and virtually spin the image in a full 360-degree rotation. ESPN, the only network to use it at a major, debuted it at last year’s US Open. “We’ve committed to a three-year package with [Intel]. They’re in their second year of three with us,” says Reynolds. “That 360 technology will stay as a discrete asset for ESPN. “We’re embellishing the roster of toys,” he continues, “the Steadicams and cameras that we’ll have around the grounds to be able to move around, take advantage, display as much of what this tennis facility has to offer.”  Hawk-Eye To Cover a Quintet of Outer Courts With 12 TV courts now in play, ESPN will once again cover seven linear-TV courts with traditional manned cameras/audio and a control room; five (up from four last year) outer courts will have Sony’s Hawk-Eye SMART (Hawk-Eye’s Synchronized Multi-Angle Replay Technology) with automated robotic cameras following the action. “Hawk-Eye is a good solution where we can guarantee multicamera coverage but do it on a scale that is commensurate with action on those courts,” says Reynolds. “We’ve made a commitment to continue to increase [outer-court coverage] to get as many courts as possible … and have them available not just for ESPN or E3 and our clients but also for the world. It’s valuable for the USTA to be able to market them internationally if they have the opportunity for a discrete feed. In the global expansion of the event, it’s attractive.” ESPN’s US Open coverage begins today on WatchESPN with the singles bracket draws. Linear coverage begins Sunday at 1 p.m. ET with an expanded 60-minute SportsCenter on the Road preview show on ESPN2 at 1 p.m., followed by Arthur Ashe Kids Day on ABC at 2 p.m. Check out Sportsvideo.org for SVG’s live coverage from the 2016 US Open.  Latest HeadlinesLet’s Play Two: NBC Sports Delivers Pair of Outdoor Classics to Ring in the New YearESPN to Leverage Production Tools to Offer Multiple Viewing Options of College Football Playoff SemifinalsWireless Microphones and the FCC Incentive Auction: Key Facts For Broadcasters Leading into 2017Fox Sports Goes All-Access, Commercial-Free for Big East Women’s Hoops MatchupESPN Plans Big Sound for CFP National Championship GameRoad Warriors, Part 2: The Top Remote Production Highlights Of 2016Road Warriors, Part 1: The Top Remote Production Highlights Of 2016Behind the Mic: ESPN Inks Multi-year Extension With Bomani Jones; Cris Carter Heads to Fox SportsRatings Roundup: SNF, TNF Are Top Two Fall Primetime Shows; ABC’s NBA Finals Rematch Pulls in Big Numbers on Christmas2016 in Review, Part 4: Every SVG Story From the Year That Was Latest News Production Technology Business College Venue Digital Related NewsLet’s Play Two: NBC Sports Delivers Pair of Outdoor Classics to Ring in the New YearESPN to Leverage Production Tools to Offer Multiple Viewing Options of College Football Playoff Semifinals   Home News Events On Demand Initiatives Resources Sponsorship SVG Europe Blogs About Join Subscribe Members Contact © 2017 Sports Video Group. All rights reserved. Site by Brightgreen Design/Arturan/Sfera Interactive. Join SVG Today Become a Sponsor
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: CrossOver Android Preview brings Windows apps to Chromebooks 0 by Surur  @mspoweruser Aug 26, 2016 at 18:46 GMT4 months ago Codeweavers has announced that the Tech Preview of CrossOver for Android is now available, allowing ChromeOS users with Intel processors to run Windows applications on their laptops. The app uses WINE API translation technology and supports apps as sophisticated as Office 2010, Quicken and DirectX9 and Steam, but does not support every Windows application. Minimum specs are Android 5, the Google Play store on Chrome, an Intel, not ARM processor and 2 GB of RAM. The APK is being distributed via the Google Play Store where testers can sign up to be beta testers. ChromeOS is a Google-created operating system popular in the US education environment, where much of the world is browser based, but virtually unknown elsewhere. Google has recently added support for Android apps on ChromeOS and brought the Google Play Store to a select number of ChromeOS laptops. This has brought millions of Android apps to the platform, but unfortunately most of these apps are designed for touch, and are not optimised for keyboard and mouse, unlike Windows Applications, making Crossover welcome news for dedicated ChromeOS fans. See the technology in action in a video below: Codeweaver also makes Crossover for the Mac and Linux with the same functionality, suggesting while this development is interesting it is unlikely to have a significant impact on the Windows market. Sign up for the beta here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source codeweavers.com Related chromeos codeweaver windows apps Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan 0 Trending Leaked slide suggests Samsung’s Galaxy S8 Android phone may come with a Continuum-like desktop solution by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast 2016’s Microsoft Moments by Andrew Bennett on December 30, 2016 Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett are back again for the last episode of 2016! This week both Vernon and Andrew look at some of their favorite Microsoft moments from the past year. You c... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Specs of Qualcomm’s first ARM processor capable of running Windows 10 leaked by Sean Chan on January 2, 2017 Qualcomm is set to launch its next-gen Snapdragon processor at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. The company’s upcoming Snapdragon processor, the Snapdragon 835 will be its f... Majority of Steam users finally on Windows 10 by Surur It’s taken a while, but Windows 10 users finally outnumber the number of Steam users on other computing users on the gaming platform. In the latest Steam Hardware Survey report for Ja... Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan Last October at the Windows 10 event in New York City, Microsoft officially unveiled the Windows 10 Creators Update, codenamed “Redstone 2.” At the event, Microsoft stated that the updat... Dell finally introduces a convertible XPS 13 by Mehedi Hassan Dell’s recent XPS devices are definitely one of the prettiest laptops you can get right now. The company’s Edge-to-Edge displays are simply beautiful looking, but there’s b... Dell’s new convertible XPS 13 leaks ahead of CES 2017 by Mehedi Hassan The Consumer Electronics Show starts tomorrow in Las Vegas. CES is where most new Windows devices were revealed in the past several years, and this year it probably won’t be any differ... Deals Deals Microsoft launch a $20 post-holidays Xbox One discount, available for $279 If you managed to miss all the great Xbox One discounts this holiday season, or maybe want to spend some of the cash gifts you received last week, Microsoft has a deal for you. They are offe... Deal Alert: Snag a 200GB Micro SD card from Amazon for just $63 Out of space of your Surface or Windows phone? Amazon is offering the 200GB Sandisk Micro SD memory card for jut $63 in the USA today. Ideal for premium Android-based smartphones and tablets... Deal Alert: Microsoft begins second week of Xbox countdown deals, offering 50% c... Microsoft has released the second week of their Xbox Countdown deals, and you can purchase the following Xbox One games from up to 60% off. While the initial game list was full of A-Listers ... Deal: Get 10% off Surface Book devices in the UK Amazon UK is now offering 10% discount on Surface Book devices. You can get £130 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB/model is now availa... Deal Alert: Last 12 hours to get ReCore for Xbox One half-price for just $19.99 You can still get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from the Microsoft Store. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dyna... Microsoft cuts $300 from most Surface Pro 4 models till 31st December, Core i5 m... If you have any pennies left over from Christmas for the New Year’s sales Microsoft is happy to help relieve your wallet of that burden. The company is now offering up to $300 off most... Deal Alert: Save £60 on the Sandisk Ultra 256 GB microSD card, only 7 hours lef... A microSD card is a quick and easy way to add storage to your phone or PC, and if your PC has a SD card slot, with the right adapter is the perfect way to add back-up and versioning to your ... Deal: Get $100 discount on HTC VIVE VR System, plus free $100 gift code and two ... You can now get the HTC VIVE VR system for $699 ($100 discount) from Microsoft Store in the US. Along with the discount, you can also get free $100 Microsoft Store gift card and two free gam... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for £699 Argos UK is now selling Surface Pro 4 device with 128GB / Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £699. You can also save £20 on Microsoft Office 365 when bought with this devic... Deal: Get the recently released ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for o... Online retailer Amazon has been offering tons of deals this holiday season in an effort to help you with your gift giving, and one of the retailer’s ongoing perks, the Gold Box’ ... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search The P's and Q's of Selling Great Work By Danielle Trivisonno Hawley - 42 minutes ago Array 0 Biotech Giant Amgen to Review Media Account By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago Array 0 Doner Wins Coke-Backed 'Nutrient-Rich Ultra-Filtered' Milk Brand Fairlife By Lindsay Stein and E.J. Schultz - 1 hour ago Array 0 Buckle Up: Ad Fraud's Going to Take Us For a Wild Ride in 2017 By Amit Joshi - 1 hour ago Array 0 Camp & King, BBH, RGA Add Creative Directors By Melissa Heule - 2 hours ago Array 0 Watch Target's Take on 'The Nutcracker' Starring John Legend and Chrissy Teigen By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 Doner Wins Coke-Backed 'Nutrient-Rich Ultra-Filtered' Milk Brand Fairlife By Lindsay Stein and E.J. Schultz - 1 hour ago 0 Maurice Levy Lists His Office on Airbnb By Emma Hall - 5 hours ago 0 DDB Names Ari Weiss North American Chief Creative Officer By Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago 0 Frito-Lay to Sit Out Super Bowl LI, Ending 10-Year Big-Game Run By E.J. Schultz - 21 hours ago 0 'Alt-Right' Casting Call Puts Cadillac on Defensive By E.J. Schultz - 22 hours ago 0 A Cowboys-Patriots Super Bowl Would Level Every TV Ratings Record By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Frito-Lay to Sit Out Super Bowl LI, Ending 10-Year Big-Game Run By E.J. Schultz - 20 hours ago 0 Biggest Food Story of 2016: Chipotle's Woes By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Liberty Mutual Stands With Its Customers in New Spots By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US IMPORTANT CHANGES TO YOUR DIGITAL ACCESS As we work to bring even more value to our audience, we’ve made important changes for those who receive Ad Age with our compliments. As of November 15, 2016 we will no longer be offering full digital access to AdAge.com. However, we will continue to send you our industry-leading print issues focused on providing you with what you need to know to succeed. If you’d like to continue your unlimited access to AdAge.com, we invite you to become a paid subscriber. Get the news, insights and tools that help you stay on top of what’s next. Subscribe for $59/Yr - Save $50 Apple and Facebook Join White House Initiative to Address Gender Pay Gap Agreement Signed by 29 Companies, Including AB InBev, Coca-Cola, GM, Intel, Microsoft, Target, Unilever, Chobani Published on August 26, 2016. Most Popular Apple, Facebook and General Motors, the first U.S. automaker to have a female chief executive officer, are among more than two dozen companies that added their names to a White House pledge to study gender pay gaps among their employees. The agreement signed by 29 companies on Friday includes an annual review of pay by gender at each company, and an examination of hiring and promotion practices for unconscious bias and barriers to women reaching higher-level jobs. The pledge stops short of companies promising to pay men and women equally for equal work. "The first step is to understand whether or not there is a pay discrepancy," Valerie Jarrett, a senior adviser to President Barack Obama, said in an interview. "What we find is that employers who recognize that there is a pay discrepancy and are willing to go through that exercise also are willing to close it." Related Stories Cindy Gallop Doesn't Care What You Think Ad Age's 2016 Women to Watch Give Views on Gender Diversity Bud Light Tackles Gender Pay Equality in New Ad Saatchi Chairman Kevin Roberts Resigns After Gender Comments The gender pay initiative was rolled out at a White House women's summit in June. Friday's announcement brings the number of participating companies to 57. Companies that were among the first to sign said Friday they are forming a group independent of the White House to carry on the pay effort after Mr. Obama leaves office in January. The pledge is part of an attempt by Mr. Obama to make gender pay equity part of his legacy. The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first bill that Mr. Obama signed into law after taking office in 2009, and he talks often about the experience of the grandmother who helped raise him getting paid less than male counterparts at the bank where she worked. In 2015, women in the U.S. made 79 cents for every $1 earned by men on average, according to the Institute for Women's Policy Research. While some of the gap is because of the types of jobs women hold compared to men, the institute found that women on average earn less than men in most occupations for which there is sufficient data to calculate an earnings ratio. Other companies that signed the pledge on Friday include Akamai Technologies Inc., Anheuser-Busch InBev NV, Coca-Cola Co., CVS Health Corp., Delta Air Lines Inc., Dunkin' Brands Group Inc., Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., International Business Machines Corp., Intel Corp., LinkedIn Corp., Microsoft Corp., Nike Inc., Target Corp., Unilever Plc, Visa Inc and Chobani. -- Bloomberg News In this article: CMO Strategy Digital Politics Regulation The CMO Guide Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> SSDs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> SSDs Intel’s 140GB Optane 3D XPoint PCIe SSD Spotted at IDF by Ian Cutress on August 26, 2016 12:01 PM EST Posted in SSDs Intel Enterprise Enterprise SSDs 3D XPoint IDF_2016 Optane 66 Comments | Add A Comment 66 Comments + Add A Comment As part of this year’s Intel’s Developer Forum, we had half expected some more insights into the new series of 3D XPoint products that would be hitting the market, either in terms of narrower time frames or more insights into the technology. Last year was the outing of some information, including the ‘Optane’ brand name for the storage version. Unfortunately, new information was thin on the ground and Intel seemed reluctant to speak any further about the technology that what had already been said. What we do know is that 3D XPoint based products will come in storage flavors first, with DRAM extension parts to follow in the future. This ultimately comes from the fact that storage is easier to implement and enable than DRAM, and the characteristics for storage are not as tight as those for DRAM in terms of break-neck speed, latency or read/write cycles. For IDF, Optane was ultimately relegated to a side presentation at the same time as other important talks were going on, and we were treated to discussions about ‘software defined cache hierarchy’ whereby a system with an Optane drive can define the memory space as ‘DRAM + Optane’. This means a system with 256GB of DRAM and a 768GB Optane drive can essentially act like a system with ‘1TB’ of DRAM space to fill with a database. The abstraction layer in the software/hypervisor is aimed at brokering the actual interface between DRAM and Optane, but it should be transparent to software. This would enable some database applications to move from ‘partial DRAM and SSD scratch space’ into a full ‘DRAM’ environment, making it easier for programming. Of course, the performance compared to an all-DRAM database is lower, but the point of this is to move databases out of the SSD/HDD environment by making the DRAM space larger. Aside from the talk, there were actually some Optane drives on the show floor, or at least what we were told were Optane. These were PCIe x4 cards with a backplate and a large heatsink, and despite my many requests neither demonstrator would actually take the card out to show what the heatsink looked like. Quite apart from which, neither drive was actually being used - one demonstration was showing a pre-recorded video of a rendering result using Optane, and the other was running a slideshow with results of Optane on RocksDB. I was told in both cases that these were 140 GB drives, and even though nothing was running I was able to feel the heatsinks – they were fairly warm to the touch, at least 40C if I were to narrow down a number.  One of the demonstrators was able to confirm that Intel has now moved from an FPGA-based controller down to their own ASIC, however it was still in the development phase. Click through for high resolution One demo system was showing results from a previous presentation given earlier in the lifespan of Optane: rendering billions of water particles in a scene where most of the scene data was being shuffled from storage to memory and vice versa. In this case, compared to Intel’s enterprise PCIe SSDs, the rendering reduced down from 22hr to ~9hr. It's worth noting that we can see some BGA pads on the image above. The pads seem to be in an H shape, and there are several present, indicating that these should be the 3D XPoint ICs. Some of the pads are empty, suggesting that this prototype should be a model that offers a larger size. Given the fact that one of the benefits of 3D XPoint is density, we're hoping to see a multi-terabyte version at some point in the distant future. The other demo system was a Quanta / Quanta Cloud Technology system node, featuring two Xeon E5 v4 processors and a pair of PCIe slots on a riser card – the Optane drive was put into one of these slots. Again, it was pretty impossible to see more of the drive aside from its backplate, but the onscreen presentation of RocksDB was fairly interesting, especially as it mentioned optimizing the software for both the hardware and Facebook. RocksDB is a high-performance key/store database designed for fast embedded storage, used by Facebook, LinkedIn and Yahoo, but the fact that Facebook was directly involved in some testing indicates that at some level the interest in 3D XPoint will brush the big seven cloud computing providers before it hits retail. In the slides on screen, the data showed a 10x reduction in latency as well as a 3x improvement in database GETs. There was a graph plotted showing results over time (not live data), with the latency metrics being pretty impressive. It’s worth noting that there were no results shown for storing key/value data pairs. Despite these demonstrations on the show floor, we’re still crying out for more information about 3D XPoint, how it exactly work (we have a good idea but would like confirmation), Optane (price, time to market) as well as the generation of DRAM products for enterprise that will follow. With Intel being comparatively low key about this during IDF is a little concerning, and I’m expecting to see/hear more about it during Supercomputing16 in mid-November. For anyone waiting on an Optane drive for consumer, it feels like it won’t be out as soon as you think, especially if the big seven cloud providers are wanting to buy every wafer from the production line for the first few quarters. More images in the gallery below. Gallery: Intel’s 140GB Optane 3D XPoint PCIe SSD Spotted at IDF   Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 66 Comments View All Comments tspacie - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link Did they say how the "software defined cache hierarchy" was different from a paging file and OS virtual memory ? Reply Omoronovo - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link The difference is in abstraction. Paging files or swap space are explicitly advertised to software; software which knows there's 8GB of ram and an 8GB swap area/page file will likely modify its behaviour to fit within the RAM envelope instead of relying on the effective (16gb) working space. The idea of the software defined cache hierarchy is that everything below the hypervisor/driver layer only sees one contiguous space. It's completely transparent to the application. In the above example, that would mean the application would see 8GB+*size of xpoint* as ram, then whatever else on top as paging area. Reply saratoga4 - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link >The difference is in abstraction. Paging files or swap space are explicitly advertised to software; software which knows there's 8GB of ram and an 8GB swap area/page file will likely modify its behaviour to fit within the RAM envelope instead of relying on the effective (16gb) working space. While you can of course query the operating system to figure out how much physical memory it has, for all intents and purposes the page file and physical memory form one unified continuous memory space (literally, that is what the virtual address space is for). Where a page resides (physical memory or page file) is NOT advertised to software. >The idea of the software defined cache hierarchy is that everything below the hypervisor/driver layer only sees one contiguous space. It's completely transparent to the application. Which is how virtual memory works right now. The question is what is actually different. Reply Omoronovo - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link The virtual address space - which has multiple definitions depending on your software environment, so lets assume Windows - is limited by the bit depth of the processor and has nothing directly to do with Virtual Memory. Applications that have any kind of realistic performance requirement - such as those likely to be used in early adopter industries of this technology - most certainly need to know how much physical memory is installed. The abstraction (and the point I was trying to make, apologies for any lack of clarity) is that right now an application can know exactly how much physical address space there is, simply by querying for it. That same query in a system with 8GB of ram and a theoretical 20GB Xpoint device configured as in the article will return a value of 28GB of ram to the application; the application does not know it's 8GB+20, and will therefore treat it completely the same as if there were 28GB of physical ram. This sits above Virtual Memory in the system hierarchy, so any paging/swap space in addition to this will be available as well, and treated as such by the application. The primary benefit to this approach is that no applications need to be rewritten to take advantage of the potentially large performance improvements from having a larger working set outside of traditional storage - even if it isn't quite as good as having that entire amount as actual physical RAM. Hopefully that makes more sense. Reply saratoga4 - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link >The virtual address space - which has multiple definitions depending on your software environment, so lets assume Windows - is limited by the bit depth of the processor and has nothing directly to do with Virtual Memory. Actually virtual address space and virtual memory are the same thing. Take a look at the wikipedia article. > Applications that have any kind of realistic performance requirement - such as those likely to be used in early adopter industries of this technology - most certainly need to know how much physical memory is installed. This is actually not how software works on Windows. You can query how much physical memory you have, but it is quite rare. Dumb question: have you ever done any Windows programming? I get the impression that you are not aware of how VirtualAlloc works on Windows... >The primary benefit to this approach is that no applications need to be rewritten to take advantage of the potentially large performance improvements from having a larger working set outside of traditional storage - even if it isn't quite as good as having that entire amount as actual physical RAM. This is actually how Windows has worked for the last several decades. Pages can be backed by different types of memory or none at all, and software has no idea at all about it. What you are describing isn't above or below virtual memory, it is EXACTLY virtual memory :) This is what the original question was asking, what is changing vs the current system where we have different types of memory hidden from software using a virtual address space. Reply dave_s25 - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link Exactly. Windows even has a catchy marketing term for "Software Defined Cache" : ReadyBoost. Linux, the BSDs, all major server OS can do the exact same thing with the virtual page file. Reply Omoronovo - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link Sorry guys, that's about as well as I can describe it since I'm a hardware engineer, not a software engineer, and this is how it was described to me at a high level when I was at Computex earlier this year. I'm unlikely going to be able to describe in enough specificity to satisfy you, but hopefully Intel themselves can do a better job of explaining it when the stack is finalised; until now a lot of us are having to make a few assumptions (including me, and I should have made this more clear from my first post). Of particular interest is hypervisors being able to provision substantially more RAM than the system physically contains without VM contention as happens with current memory overcommitment technologies like from VMware. A standard virtual memory system cannot handle this kind of situation with any kind of granularity; deduplication can only take you so far in a multi-platform environment. Exciting times ahead for everyone, I'm just really glad the storage market isn't going to turn into the decades of stagnation we had with hard disks since SSD's are now mainstream. Reply jab701 - Saturday, August 27, 2016 - link Hi, I have been reading this thread and I thought I might answer, as I have experience designing hardware working in virtual memory environments. Personally, this optane stuff fits nicely into the current virtual memory system. Programs don't know (or care) where their data is stored, provided that when they load from/store to memory that they data is where it is meant to be. Optane could behave like an extra level of the cache hierarchy or just like extra memory. The OS will have to know what to do with it, #1 if it is like a cache then it needs to ensure that it is managed properly and flushed as required. #2 If it is like normal memory then the OS can map virtual pages to the physical memory address space where optane sits, depending on what is required. Situation #1 is more suited to a device that looks like a drive where the whole drive isnt completely IO mapped and is accessed through "ports". #2 is suited to the situation where the device appears as memory usable by the OS. Software defined cache hierarchy would mean the device is like readyboost...but the cache is managed by the OS and not transparently by the hardware... Sorry a bit rambley :) Reply Klimax - Saturday, August 27, 2016 - link Sorry, but Virtual Address Space is NOT Virtual Memory. See: https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/20040... Reply Omoronovo - Saturday, August 27, 2016 - link This is what I was referring to in a broader context, but since I'm not any kind of software engineer (beyond implementing it of course), I didn't feel justified in trying to argue the point with someone who actually does it for a living. Thanks for clarifying. For what it's worth, I don't think much of what I said was too far off base, but when Intel releases the implementation details we'll be able to know for sure. Hopefully sooner rather than later, I doubt Western Digital or Sandisk/HP are likely to stay quiet about their own SCM products for long. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 6 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Intel Appoints TBWA\Chiat\Day as Its Global B2B Agency of Record Advertisement NEXT:Friday Morning Stir PREVIOUS:Campbell Ewald Wins Agency of Record Duties for Carfax Brands Intel Appoints TBWA\Chiat\Day as Its Global B2B Agency of Record By Erik Oster on Aug. 26, 2016 - 11:02 AMComment Intel Corporation appointed TBWA\Chiat\Day as its global B2B agency of record following a three month review led by the client. “Our company strategy is about powering the billions of smart, connected computing devices across the globe,” Intel director of business marketing strategy Kathy Garchow said in a statement. “Our work with TBWA\Chiat\Day will help us better connect how our technology enables our business customers to achieve their success.” The account will be run out of TBWA\Chiat\Day’s Los Angeles office, in collaboration with TBWA\Chiat\Day New York, while working in conjunction with TBWA teams in other markets, including TBWA\London, TBWA\Hakuhodo, TBWA\Greater China, TBWA\Düsseldorf, and Omnicom sister shop Doremus. TBWA\Chiat\Day will be tasked with developing an integrated global campaign targeting senior business and IT leaders. It is unclear when the agency’s first work is expected for the client.  For TBWA\Chiat\Day, the win follows its New York office scoring lead creative duties for Pespi’s Izze brand as the larger organization continues to rebound from losing AOR duties on Miller Lite this April.  “We are thrilled to partner with Intel, a brand whose value, influence, and pioneering technologies continue to push the boundaries of what’s possible,” said TBWA\Chiat\Day L.A. President Erin Riley, who succeeded 14-year TBWA vet Luis DeAnda in the position this May. “We look forward to working alongside our TBWA teams around the world to build an integrated brand platform that taps into culture and resonates with modern business customers.” “Intel is a truly iconic brand that has powered incredible stories of innovation throughout its history,” added TBWA\Chiat\Day L.A. executive creative director Linda Knight, who joined the agency last November. “We’re excited to create the kind of disruptive work that lives up to this spirit of breakthrough and possibility, and to bring a fresh approach to B2B communications.” < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Marketing Supervisor i.d.e.a. San Diego, California Senior Account Manager – Advertising Agency NYC Bandujo Advertising + Design New York Display Ad Marketing Specialist 14 West Baltimore, Maryland (US) Media Planning Supervisor The Richards Group Dallas, Texas DVD & Digital Project Manager 555 Productions Los Angeles, California See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
null
null
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Home Church & Ministries U.S. World Politics Entertainment living Opinion Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Leaks and Release Date: Rumored Top-Notch Specs Coming with 2016 Flagship Variant By Christian Ver Marcelo Aug 26, 2016 | 2:35 AM Microsoft's Surface Pro 5 leaks have been sparsely showing up on online blogs and tech sites with possible specs and release dates making the public yearn for the device. Rumored Specs With the tablet and laptop-tablet hybrid market dominated by Apple and Android devices, Microsoft is slowly making waves through its Surface Pro lineup. Currently on its 4th iteration released last year, fans of the device have been hotly anticipating the release of the new Surface Pro. Factoring in both the scarce leaks pertaining to the Surface Pro 5's specifications and market predictions, the device is anticipated to come with a 12.3-inch display with PixelSense technology, much like its predecessor. The upcoming 2-in-1 tablet is also rumored to sport two variants, with display resolutions of either 2K (usually coming at 1440 x 2560 pixels, but may still vary) and 4K Ultra HD (which then usually comes at 3840 x 2160 pixels). Yes, I want Breaking Christian News Submit Tech sites are also teeming with rumors that the flagship variant of the new Surface Pro 5 will sport a whopping 16 GB of RAM natively. Graphics may also be powered either by AMD or the Nvidia Pascal GPU. The device will run on Windows 10 Redstone 2 update, which in itself is rumored to be released on Spring 2017. It is also anticipated to pack a hugely improved battery with USB-C support for charging, or even quick charging. Lastly, the device is rumored to house Intel's new seventh-generation processor, Kaby Lake. As per usual, the tablet is said to come with an upgrade for the Surface Pen. The pen could now be packing a battery setup that supports wireless charging through a magnetic attachment either to the tablet body or a dock. These were hinted by a patent for the new features from Microsoft. Improving on the Surface Pro 4 The Surface Pro 4 has been highly praised by tech critics and reviewers since its release last year. Coming in with Windows 10 Pro, a similar 12.3-inch PixelSense display, an Intel m3 processor for the base model up to Intel Core i7 for the highest model, an SSD storage of up to 1 terabyte, and Intel HD graphics, nothing much could be said about the device. However, critics then found the short battery life amiss, along with slow performance of the base model, and finally, the keyboard cover (which essentially allows a 2-in-1 device to work) was a separate purchase. These are the things that the Surface Pro 5 is expected to either improve on or totally fix altogether. Rumored Release Date Rumors on the release date of the device are a bit inconsistent. Previous reports of a June 2016 are clearly now thrown off. Some leaks point to a Fall 2016 release to potentially compete with the new rumored iPad models. Other sources, however, point out to a Spring 2017 release, allowing Microsoft to further perfect the device ahead of its release. Sponsored Watch Your Favorite Christian Films, 24/7. Click Here To Start Your Free Trial Today Most Popular Stories ISIS Lone Wolf Suspect Arrested in Arizona Searched Google for 'Midnight Mass,' 'Most Powerful Gun' Denzel Washington: 'I'm in the Service Business Now ... I'm Here to Serve God' (Watch) Denzel Washington says he identifies himself as something more than just a two-time Academy Award-winning actor. The star of the brand new motion picture "Fences" is making it known that he is a servant of God. Russell Moore Congratulates Chick-fil-A for Being America's Most Popular Fast Food Chain Evangelical Christian leader Russell Moore congratulated Chick-fil-A for being America's most popular fast-food chain, according to the Foursquare app check-ins. North Korean Dictator Bans Christmas, Orders Nation to Worship His Grandmother Communist North Korean dictator Kim Jung-Un reportedly replaced Christmas this year with an observance celebrating his late grandmother. Franklin Graham: All Celebrity Deaths Have One Thing in Common The Rev. Franklin Graham says regardless of who a person is, whether they are a celebrity, cultural icon or someone unknown, everyone has one thing in common: death. 2016 'Ebenezer Award' Going to Secular Group Suing to Stop Operation Christmas Child Drive A secular legal organization that is suing to stop school children from sending Christmas gifts and messages of hope to impoverished children in need around the world is the recipient of the annual "Ebenezer Award" handed out by the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty. Terms of Service Privacy Full Site © 2016 The Christian Post Company Swipe to read previous / next sections. Don't show this again! Got it!
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: Christmas Gift Guide Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / PC Component News / Intel Kaby Lake benchmarks leak promises speedy performance Intel Kaby Lake benchmarks leak promises speedy performance by Joe Roberts 26 August 2016 0 shares Read Comments Intel is preparing to officially introduce its new low-power laptop processors in the form of the Kaby Lake range, and benchmarks for the chips just leaked. We already know the upcoming processors will be able to play and edit 4K video in real time, and will come with integrated graphics good enough to run Overwatch. And now, thanks to Benchlife.info, which has obtained some Kaby Lake marketing slides, we have some actual figures to go by. One slide in particular compares the upcoming seventh-generation Core chips to the current Skylake range, with the Core i7-7500U going up against the Core i7-6500. Related: iPhone 7 The chips themselves are said to run from a TDP of 4.5W up to 15W on the top-end Core i7, and It seems the 15 watt 7500U is 12% faster when it comes to productivity, based on a SYSmark 2014 test, and 19% faster for web performance, based on a WebXPRT 2015 test. Aside from the benchmarking figures, the newly revealed slides also show there will be more than 100 upcoming ultra-thin laptops and 2-in-1s before the end of the year that will come packing Kaby Lake chips. And while these improvements bode well for the slew of Kaby Lake-powered laptops about to arrive before the end of 2016, we're yet to get any information on gaming benchmarks. Related: Best UK Black Friday Deals Still, the slide does show the 7500U runs at up to 3.5GHz, another improvement over the 6500U's 3.1GHz. Intel will also offer a new budget chip this year, Apollo Lake, which will likely be used in numerous devices launching soon. With IFA set to get underway next week, we'll likely see more information about the new 14nm chips emerging so stay tuned for all the latest updates. WATCH: Head-to-Head: NVIDIA vs AMD – which is no.1 in right now? Are you looking forward to Kaby Lake's debut? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay iPhone 6s Plus Logic Board, Verizon, Space Gray - 64GB $549.95 View Item "GENUINE" Apple A1688 iPhone 6s 16GB Silver SOLD AS-IS FOR PARTS ONLY $129.99 View Item Apple iPhone 6s 16GB, MKQJ2B/A, Space Gray, United Kingdom, O2 $285.04 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
  Guru3D.com Forums > Hardware > Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications  MODWARS - Tekno Angel (Tt Core P3 Mod) by SimpleModz User Name Remember Me? Password Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications  Want to overclock that processor, videocard or even mainboard ? Wanna tweak the best out of your piece of hardware or have the means to design a killer case ? Get in here and pimp that rig man.   Thread Tools Display Modes MODWARS - Tekno Angel (Tt Core P3 Mod) by SimpleModz   (#1) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 MODWARS - Tekno Angel (Tt Core P3 Mod) by SimpleModz - 08-25-2016, 16:07 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia MWAVE MODWARS 2016 Powered By Thermaltake, ASUS, Kingston, Intel & NVIDIA Hi guys, I'm back with another case mod and I think the banner above says it all for this one I am part of a modding competition where 5 of Australia's best case modders have been chosen to compete and only one will become the MODWARS champion! For more info on the competition and to see the other modders head here - https://www.mwave.com.au/catalog/modwars-info For this build I am using the Thermaltake Core P3 chassis and I am calling it Tekno Angel and is inspired by the Japanese Gundam series. I'm actually not too familiar with Gundam so I'm not sure if I will be able to get it 100% but it will be more or less based on that. A very good friend of mine is a fan and gave me this idea, I had the angel idea however wasn't sure where to draw more inspiration from so he introduced me to Gundam. Anyways, hope you guys enjoy this one. It has to be finished by September 16th so not a long time to go. Let's have a look at the SPECS: CASE - Thermaltake Core P3 MB - ASUS Maximus VIII Hero Alpha CPU - Intel Core i7 6700K GPU - ASUS NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 Founders Edition RAM - Kingston HyperX Fury 16GB (4x4GB) 2400MHz DDR4 Black SSD - Kingston HyperX Savage 120GB x 2 PSU - Thermaltake Toughpower DPS G RGB 650W Gold Custom Cables & LEDs - CableMod Water Cooling - Thermaltake Here is a shot of all the hardware together looking very glorious! And here is an unboxing and overview video of the case and a bit of a chat about the start of this mod. At the time of filming I hadn't decided on the name just yet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eTC13w4lok Hope you guys enjoy this one! Before I go I would like to thank MWAVE, Thermaltake, ASUS, Kingston, Intel and NVIDIA for inviting me to be part of this competition. Mwave: https://www.mwave.com.au/ Thermaltake: https://www.mwave.com.au/brands/thermaltake-630 ASUS: https://www.mwave.com.au/brands/asus-63 Kingston: https://www.mwave.com.au/brands/kingston-356 Intel: https://www.mwave.com.au/brands/intel-325 NVIDIA: https://www.mwave.com.au/graphics-ca...graphics-cards Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu     (#2) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-04-2016, 14:49 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Okay guys, less than 2 week until I need to get this build fully finished! I've been pretty busy lately with quite a few things going on however I've been working hard on the build too. I think it's time I start rolling out all the update so stay tuned guys! As I mentioned in the video I am covering the entire Core P3 chassis with an acrylic sheet and I am also shaping it around my Tekno Angel theme. Other than the acrylic cover for the case I am also cutting out the 'angle' wings Check it out! I traced the case and all of the mounting holes needed and then designed the sheet around my vision. The wings were then first designed from cardboard before traced out onto acrylic for cutting. Stay tuned for more updates as I will be rolling them out quite fast to get the build finished in time for the competition ending on the 16th of September. Thanks for checking it out! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#3) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-05-2016, 16:15 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, Okay, the acrylic sheet is cut to size and more or less finished. I need to file it down a bit more and going to cut the bottom section out further. I had originally intended for the build to be mounted onto a VESA stand however I can't find one at a decent price which is strong enough to hold the entire build. The way it is atm the feet can't really be mounted on, hence for the awkwardness of the photos So I will be trimming it down at the bottom in order to mount the feet but here's a sneak peak for now. Let me know what you guys think so far! Oh and the wings have been cut and stuck together ready for mounting. Lots of little details to be added still. Everything still mounts as it should which is what I wanted The first part of the Gundam inspired wings assembled. Thanks for checking it out! Stay tuned for more! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#4) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-06-2016, 14:36 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, Here's a better look at the case with the acrylic frame and a closer look at the components. Mounting for the wings is in place GPU tray has been cut as well PCIE extender mounted Tt RGB PSU Shaping up pretty nicely I would say! Stay tuned for more! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu     (#5) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-07-2016, 06:29 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, Here's the glorious GTX 1070 Founders Edition mounted it. I love the design of these new cards so much I feel bad putting a waterblock on it. But a waterblock will definitely go on. Remember this is just a test fitting for all hardware, more details will be added to everything and it will all be customised to match the colours of the wings I also added some more details to the wings and if anyone is wondering how I cut these, it's with a jig saw and with this scroll saw + lots of filing in the end And here are the Gundam inspired wings mounted They are stuck together using acrylic cement glue which pretty much bonds them together and is a really strong hold. Thanks for checking it out and stay tuned for more. Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#6) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-07-2016, 16:32 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Here I am about to start on the water cooling loop. But first I am drilling some pass-throughs to clean up the loop and add an extra feature to the mod. I've also added an extra piece of acrylic going around the edges of where the motherboard sits for a bit of contrast. First tubes are in. A very tight fit on the right there. A piece of tube is actually in between then to connect the two fittings. Thanks for checking it out and stay tuned for more! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#7) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-08-2016, 09:32 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, Here's more progress and better photos as I start working on the water cooling loop. A nice view of the frame. I'm using 3 stand-off to set the motherboard forward a bit to allow room for the wings to mount as well as cable routing from underneath. Cables for the fans routed under the radiator. Thanks for checking it out and stay tuned for more! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#8) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-09-2016, 13:16 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, I've been busy working on the tubes and they're now pretty much done. Let me know what you think about it! The tube from the GPU going up had to be off-set like that as the fittings in the top around the back are as close as they can be. They're a bit big and can't have the runs any closer than that with these fittings. In the end I think it give a nice feature to the loop Thanks for checking it out and stay tuned for more! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#9) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-11-2016, 08:36 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, I've been pretty busy working on the build over the last few days, about a week to go now before it has to be finished! I did a ton of work with vinyl as well as some painting and I shot a nice video to talk a bit about the mods as well as assemble the whole thing! Check it out below and let me know what you think! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKjJMsV8upc Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#10) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-13-2016, 08:40 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, Here are the CableMod cables! I decided to shoot another quick video as I installed them! Enjoy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHIgYNyblT4 Stay tuned as final photos are next Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#11) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-15-2016, 16:13 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Here it is guys! Final pics Hope you enjoy! Stay tuned for another video. Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#12) kx11 Maha Guru     Videocard: Titan X-Pascal Processor: i7 6900k Mainboard: ASUS Rampage V 10th ed. Memory: Corsaire Dominator Soundcard: PSU: EVGA 1000 g2 09-15-2016, 19:37 | posts: 2,028 | Location: Qatar wow beautiful     kx11 View Public Profile Find all posts by kx11   (#13) Loophole35 Ancient Guru   Videocard: 1070 SC Processor: 2500k@4.6 Mainboard: P8Z77-V Memory: G-Skills ddr3 16GB@1866 Soundcard: SoundBlaster Z PSU: TX850 09-15-2016, 20:40 | posts: 7,394 | Location: FLA,USA Really nice work.     Loophole35 View Public Profile Find all posts by Loophole35   (#14) Undying Ancient Guru     Videocard: R9 280X @ 1165/1500 Processor: Intel i5 @ 4.8Ghz 1.38v Mainboard: GA-Z68XP-UD3P Memory: HyperX-16GB @ 2133Mhz Soundcard: Onboard PSU: Tt Toughpower 775W 09-16-2016, 13:07 | posts: 8,884 | Location: Serbia, NS Ah, those wings. Build looks amazing indeed!     Undying View Public Profile Find all posts by Undying   (#15) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-16-2016, 16:48 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 Really nice work. Quote: Originally Posted by Undying Ah, those wings. Build looks amazing indeed! Quote: Originally Posted by kx11 wow beautiful Thanks a lot guys! Glad you like it     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#16) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-18-2016, 12:32 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, Final video is here, hope you enjoy www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEwa1EtplO8 Thanks for checking it out! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#17) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 11-30-2016, 12:35 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hey guys, The Tekno Angel build was recently displayed at PAX AUS at the Thermaltake booth. Check out some of the pics and video. PAX AU video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpZkb89fWsw&t Thanks for checking it out! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Countdown to 2017 with HEXUS and ARM [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Mainboard Reviews 9 Review: Gigabyte X99 Ultra Gaming by Tarinder Sandhu on 26 August 2016, 08:01 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Gigabyte (TPE:2376) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac5mh Add to My Vault: Gigabyte X99 Ultra Gaming £252.49 Free shipping for HEXUS members* Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Testing Methodology 3 - CPU Tests 4 - Gaming Tests 5 - Storage Tests 6 - Overclocking Tests 7 - Power Tests 8 - Conclusion Introduction The ultimate Intel consumer platform remains the X99. Home now to the deca-core 6950X and recently updated through a minor refresh, the X99 chipset is where manufacturers throw in the bells, whistles and kitchen sink. It kind of makes sense in this environment, too, as a base build can cost £2,000 upwards. Motherboards on this chipset range from £150 to, well, over £400. Picking a really solid option at £250 is usually the way to go, balancing out features, looks and cost, and industry veteran Gigabyte plies this area with the X99 Ultra Gaming. It's bit of a looker, isn't it? The RAM and expansion slots are supported by metal surrounds that add rigidity and enhance looks. The liberal use of white and red works well, subjectively speaking, and it looks better in the flesh than the pictures, though if you're build doesn't adhere to this colour scheme then it can appear jarring. A thick heatpipe connects the top and bottom heatsinks that are installed properly - there's no flex or give in them. Eight DIMM slots is normal fare, equally spaced on either side, but we'd prefer them to be a bit farther away from the CPU. One of the standout features on the board is the extensive use of RGB lighting: it's literally everywhere. Set by a Windows-based utility, the colour choice is almost limitless, but do be aware that you only get one choice of board-wide colour, meaning that different hues cannot be set for various areas. Colours are bright and vivid, and Gigabyte goes the whole nine yards by providing an extra RGB header, for enhanced effects, though the light-strip is purchased separately. Should you want, rather than a block of colour, the LEDs can be set to breathing and pulse modes, and both work well. The CPU socket itself is of the 'OC' variety, meaning that it has the full complement of pins for enhanced overclocking. Other useful features stack up, including Killer E2400 networking, an Intel LAN, ALC1150 codec, NVMe U.2 (not usable on a 28-lane CPU) and full-speed M.2 slot, and USB 3.1 in both Type-A and Type-C. But, of course there are compromises in order to hit the £250 price point. There's no onboard WiFi - though you can use the expansion slot for one. Onboard buttons are missing, so is a debug LED, and the clear CMOS is just two pins in the lower-middle of the board; we'd prefer it 'round back. Laying out all these features and the larger-than-normal cooling can cause boards to be too intricate. Gigabyte lays out the Ultra Gaming well. The primary PCIe x16 slot is far enough away from the CPU not to interfere with cooling - we had no problems with a Noctua NH-D15 in either orientation - and the M.2 slot, handy for super-fast storage, is between the second and third PCIe x16 slots, which are space nicely apart. Getting the most out of this board requires the use of a 40-lane CPU, paving the way for up to three-way SLI or CrossFire and that U.2 connector previously mentioned. There's no explicit Thunderbolt connector, but a board header enables an add-in card. Note the WiFi aerial housing should you choose to use an add-in card? Lots of USB 3.0 is normal these days, so is the Type-A and Type-C connectors. Audio aficionados will welcome the S/PDIF output. We'd like to see a board-mounted USB 3.1 for the few chassis that support it. Most manufacturers tend to spend a decent chunk of money and time enhancing BIOSes that are installed on whole families of boards, and that is the case here. Gigabyte has simplified the BIOS look and provides at-a-glance, live information on the system. Of particular note is the improved fan-control system - so many BIOSes expend too little effort here - and now you can simply drag various lines that strike a compromise between noise and cooling. Be careful not to have the points too close together, though. It's handy that the fans can be turned off completely, something not often seen on these motherboards. Of course, all of this functionality is replicated in the operating system through various utilities, but we're happy to see Gigabyte take a cleaner, more efficient approach for the firmware. Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Testing Methodology 3 - CPU Tests 4 - Gaming Tests 5 - Storage Tests 6 - Overclocking Tests 7 - Power Tests 8 - Conclusion NEXT PAGE » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz 9 2 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 3 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 4 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz 9 5 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen 6 1 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 2 Day 13: Win an iiyama G-Master 4K monitor 19 3 Festive greetings from all at HEXUS 19 4 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 5 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR 15 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Aerocool Targets Gamers and RGB Enthusiasts at CES 2017 2 Samsung introduces the stylish, powerful and practical Galaxy A 3 Experience 10 Years of ZOTAC Design and Engineering Excellence at CES 2017 4 Thecus launches two new Windows Storage Server Rackmount NAS 5 PQI into Fingerprint ID Application Market 6 Samsung to Introduce New Quantum Dot Curved Monitor at CES 2017 INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,944 Forum posts: 2,563,248 Forum threads: 247,030 Currently active users: 299 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Latest News Dow 19,763 -57.18 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,383 -48.97 -0.90% S&P 500 2,239 -10.43 -0.46% 9:24 P.M. ET Updated My husband can’t get a loan — his bad credit rating is ruining our marriage 8:58 P.M. ET CEOs pandering to Trump risks dangerous ‘caudillo capitalism’ 8:58 P.M. ET U.S. stocks riding a bull market in corruption 5:00 P.M. ET The best stocks for 2017 might be the worst performers of 2016 4:27 P.M. ET Updated The 5 tech trends that will dominate CES and 2017 4:25 P.M. ET Updated 10 things you should NOT buy in 2017 3:25 P.M. ET Updated Why you should listen to Harry Dent even if you don’t believe a word 2:48 P.M. ET Islamic State Claims Responsibility for Istanbul Attack 2:09 P.M. ET Updated I’m a former health insurance CEO and this is what Obamacare repeal will do 2:00 P.M. ET Updated 7 money resolutions to make this year 1:53 P.M. ET Updated 5 people getting even richer off your New Year’s resolutions 1:02 P.M. ET Updated Single in 2017? Here are the 10 biggest online dating photo mistakes 12:31 P.M. ET Updated Avoid these common mistakes if you’re filing for divorce in January 12:30 P.M. ET Updated $1 billion in gift cards go unused every year — here’s how to avoid that 12:11 P.M. ET Updated Trump’s tough China talk fails one key reality check 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Why Donald Trump is no Ronald Reagan 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Italian stocks rally, driving Europe markets to a stronger start for 2017 12:00 P.M. ET Ditch your New Year’s resolutions and set 3 realistic money goals for 2017 10:58 A.M. ET Updated 6 tips to help you (almost) have it all 10:55 A.M. ET Updated In 2017, I’m quitting the gym in favor of a Jane Fonda workout at home Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Asetek Dominates Heat in New High-End HP OMEN X Gaming PC By Published: Aug 26, 2016 1:17 a.m. ET Share Latest Collaboration Between HP & Asetek Delivers Ground-Breaking Performance and Style OSLO, Norway, Aug 26, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Asetek (http://www.asetek.com/)® (ASETEK.OL), the world’s leading supplier of computer liquid cooling solutions, today announced that it has been selected by HP® to cool its new OMEN X Desktop Gaming PC (http://www8.hp.com/us/en/hp-news/media-kits/2016/Gaming-Omen.html). The OMEN X Desktop marks HP’s return to ultra-high end gaming systems, boasting enthusiast [image]hardware and revolutionary thermal performance. The OMEN X builds on a long history of collaboration between Asetek and HP. From the innovative HP Blackbird 002 to the HP ENVY Phoenix 860, Asetek has worked closely with HP to deliver revolutionary performance and low noise. “It is an honor to once again work with HP to develop a gaming PC that pushes the boundaries of what is possible,” said John Hamill, Asetek Vice President of WW Sales and Marketing. “The new OMEX X delivers extreme performance that is only rivaled by its thermal management.” By utilizing Asetek liquid cooling, OMEN X’s excellent thermal management allows customers to get the highest possible performance out of their high end gaming rig without immersion breaking noise. The OMEN X includes support for up to three 120mm liquid cooling radiators with top mounted exhaust vents and a stand that lifts the case off the ground to help deliver copious amounts of active cooling. The OMEN X features the latest graphics technology with up to dual NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1080s to elevate the performance of any game with stunning visuals. The liquid-cooled 6th generation Intel® Core™ i5/i7 processor with overclocking capability1 paired with a VR-ready GPU enables flawless Virtual Reality (VR) and immersive 4K experiences for even the most demanding AAA games. Factory filled and sealed for maximum reliability and ease-of-use, Asetek’s patented liquid coolers have been thoroughly tested and certified to operate without maintenance for over 50,000 hours. For more information on the HP OMEN X with Asetek liquid cooling, visit http://www8.hp.com/us/en/hp-news/media-kits/2016/Gaming-Omen.html. 1. Altering clock frequency and/or voltage may: (i) reduce system stability and useful life of the system, processor, and other system components; (ii) cause the processor and other system components to fail; (iii) cause reductions in system performance; (iv) cause additional heat or other damage; and (v) affect system data integrity. HP and Intel have not tested, and does not warranty, the operation of the processor beyond its specifications. HP and Intel have not tested, and do not warranty, the operation of other system components beyond their industry standard specifications. HP and Intel assume no responsibility that the processor and other system components, including if used with altered clock frequencies and/or voltages, will be fit for any particular purpose. About Asetek Asetek is the world's leading provider of energy efficient liquid cooling systems for data centers, servers, workstations, gaming and high performance PCs. Its products are used for reducing power and greenhouse emissions, lowering acoustic noise, and achieving maximum performance by leading OEMs and channel partners around the globe. Asetek’s products are based upon its patented all-in-one liquid cooling technology with more than 3 million liquid cooling units deployed in the field. Founded in 2000, Asetek is headquartered in Denmark with offices in California, China and Taiwan. For more information, visit http://www.asetek.com. This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160825006439/en/ SOURCE: Asetek Media: Asetek Zack Fanning, +1-408-256-3118 Marketing Communications Manager zack.fanning@asetek.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Glass castle in Bel Air sells for $39 million View More Opinion These five investments make the perfect all-around portfolio for 2017 View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Credit 30 credit cards and a score of 805? The Points Guy shares his secrets View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
12,668,657 members (33,482 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions C++ questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Languages » C / C++ Language » General   Article Alternatives Comments (5) Add your own alternative version Tagged as CAssemblerC++LinuxWindowsWin64Win32Devmultithreadingthreads Stats 3.5K views 68 downloads 12 bookmarked Posted 25 Aug 2016 Advanced: optimized thread for making function calls, including return values T. Herselman, 26 Aug 2016 MIT    3.33 (6 votes) 1 2 3 4 5 3.33/5 - 6 votes μ 3.33, σa 3.50 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. C++11 header-only class, executes functions on a separate thread, including return values. Featuring a unique custom built, low level, lock-free double buffered queue; with a high speed data format, executes a queue of functions in only 6 CPU instructions; lea,call,mov,add,cmp,jb Download commandQ.zip - 13 KB https://github.com/therselman/CommandQueue Preface Hello World #include "CommandQueue.hpp"

CommandQueue commandQ;

void helloWorld() { printf( "Hello World" ); }

int main()
{
    commandQ( helloWorld );
    commandQ( [] { printf( "Hello World" ); } );
    commandQ( [] { printf( "Hello " ); } )( [] { printf( "World" ); } ); 
    commandQ.join();
    return 0;
} return value from thread FILE* f;
commandQ.returns( fopen, &f, "image.png", "r" );

//...
commandQ.join();

//...
fclose( f );   Origins of the code This code was originally designed as part of a high performance rendering engine, where draw commands (Command Queue) are executed on a dedicated rendering thread. Issuing rendering commands needed to be extremely optimized; where high performance and FPS (frames-per-second) is everything! It had to be flexible enough to issue any kind of graphics call; from loading and drawing models, textures and shaders, to making state changes and handling events like viewport changes etc. allowing me to queue multiple function calls for rendering in the background while other code executes in parallel, like collision detection. The design eventually became so useful and flexible that I decided to use it for all inter-thread communication, between general purpose event/message queues, networking, gui input (mouse/keyboard events), gameplay logic, ai, audio streaming etc. While doing some unrelated research, I noticed other people using std::queue/vector, ring buffers and even linked lists to do the same thing (to execute functions from a thread); and while all these techniques work, they are very slow in comparison! I decided to make my code generally available because I think it might be useful to someone.   Background I believe what you will find here, is possibly the easiest to use, most flexible, powerful and fastest thread communication code available, executing up to 10 million function calls per second, on a single Core i5 thread. This is my presentation to you, but what you will see here doesn't even scratch the surface of the full potential of this code! It's limited only by your immagination! I never thought I would share this code with anyone, because I love the elegance and simplicity of its design so much; its the result of 25 years experience, over 10 years of that experience writing different multi-threaded implementations; from events and messages, to high performance rendering and network queues; with constant improvements and refinements made to the design, flexbility, speed and ease of use, over many years. I want to believe that at least 50% of the people considering multi-threading want to do it for performance reasons, and I'll be happy if only 1% of you are willing to read and consider my implementation! There are so few articles written these days on lower level techniques like this, that I felt I might be able to contribute something meaningful to anyone willing to understand and appreciate this implementation. But please, don't read this article with the mindset to judge my method or my code. First try to fully understand it, why have a done it this way, what problem am I trying to solve; then you might come to appreciate and love the simplicity, the potential and the raw speed! Be patient and take the time to read carefully! If you don't understand it the first time, then read it again, there are gems hidden between the lines! To fully understand and appreciate the full potential of this code, you need to be reading and thinking with an open mind! As you read my code and technique, you should be thinking "how can I apply this concept to my project, my library, my application or my game". And before you flame my use of function pointers, raw pointer aritmetic and unstructured buffers, consider that this technique might be useful to someone else. This is about the evolution of an idea, a concept, a methodology, an alternative way for you to think about, and implement thread communication. Allowing threads to communicate in a more expressive, unrestricted and powerful way; with the added bonus of doing it at the speed of light! It's about writing code in a way that will unlock the untapped raw potential, power and throughput of multi-threading already at your finger tips. As far as I'm aware, this is the only article discussing this technique in relation to multi-threading. But I'm not really presenting anything new or revolutionary, especially to low-level programmers, because everything here has already been done before! What I want to do is get people thinking again, to expand their thoughts and ideas on how you go about solving the problem of thread communication. I want to show you how you can package all the knowledge you already have; on function pointers, jump-tables, templates, pointers-to-pointers, pointer dereferencing, single/double/multi/ring buffers, thread syncronization, lock-free threading, stacks and queues; and combine all that knowledge in creating your own, powerful, flexible, high performance, simple and easy to use thread communication protocol! However, nothing about this method was taken from another article written on thread communication. I'm actually very sad when I see the various techniques used by other programmers releasing their designs on this subject. In fact, I haven't found a single article or method anywhere in the world, which I would even remotely consider using myself. So not finding a suitably written article on this subject, prompted me to reconsider releasing my code. So sit back, relax, and let me take you on a magic carpet ride into the depths and magic of my command queue! This article took me over a week to write (100+ hours). I'm not a writer, I just hope you appreciate the time spent!   Target audience You are looking for a fast, flexible and easy way to execute multiple functions on a light-weight worker thread. You want to execute functions with return values on a worker thread; but you would never use `futures` and `promises`! Don't worry, I didn't use these abominations either! Your sanity is safe with me! You have some interest in lower-level C/C++ programming techniques, or you can appreciate them! This article is primarily targeted at C/C++ and possibly Assembler programmers, but I guess any language that accepts a function pointer as a valid data type can use this technique. This article is not about how inter-thread communication works; I assume you already know how to send messages to threads; and I also assume you have already successfully implemented one or more working methods before. If you have never implemented multi-threading before, then this article is probably not for you!   My personal coding philosophy I would like to say something about my personal coding style before we begin, so you understand my position! Agreement or disagreement on any of these is not a requirement, just as long as you accept that it's my rite! I come from a game engine, rendering, networking background where code performance should be appreciated. I love beautiful code. Not only the structure of the code, the layout and spacing; but also the beauty in its design! I'm an advocate of using Orthodox C++, Sane C++ and Nominal C++, or most anti-modern C++ styles! I do use templates and operator overloading in moderation, especially when they have no runtime impact. I like using nullptr! auto can be nice. I would never, ever use <span class="n">std</span><span class="o">::</span>shared_ptr or std::unique_ptr I very rarely use virtual functions. But there's nothing stopping you from building a powerful and flexible command queue with virtual functions! I never use RTTI, Exceptions or Boost! I hate them all! Don't ask me why! Just deal with it and move on! I personally never use STL containers; std::string/queue/array/vector etc. Too slow! It's just personal! I wouldn't normally use std::atomic, std::mutex, std::thread, but I made an exception for this code! I don't really mind them, I just prefer to make direct API calls, it's what I'm used to! And these are slower! Yes they are! I never use static_cast/dynamic_cast/reinterpret_cast! Too ugly! Use them if you want, but I don't! I'm an advanced Assembler programmer; and advanced Intel intrinsics developer (I'm fluent in SSE/AVX intrinsics)! I only develop on Intel/AMD 32-bit (x86) / 64-bit (x64)! I just never had the need to develop on anything else! I normally like to develop code as low-level as I can, the lower the better! But within reason! I also have layers of abstraction, but I normally build them on top of the lowest level I can, and with good reason! I normally prefer using direct kernel API calls, but I prefer using malloc/free instead of HeapAlloc! When I have a job to do, using something I detest, I first consider the implications of it's use and might protest, with valid reasons. If my protests fall on deaf ears, I just quietly use it, but at least I tried! I can always program at home the way I want! `If we never re-invented the wheel, wouldn't we still be driving horse drawn carriages?` - me If you love writing high performance code, then we share the same passion!   Dedication This code and technique stands on the shoulders of giants! I dedicate this article and technique to John Carmack, Mark J. Kilgard, Michael Abrash, Bob Jenkins and Agner Fog, you are all legends in my eyes! Will we ever see your kind again?   Introduction This article is about the function call protocol and double-buffer queues used in the Command Queue The Command Queue is an easy to use, light-weight, high performance, low overhead, low latency, header-only C++11 class. On instantiation, the object creates a lock-free double-buffered queue and spawns a single thread (the consumer thread); the thread and buffers stay active for the lifetime of the object. The term `command queue`, is used to refer to the custom designed protocol used internally for both storing and executing function calls. The double-buffers are used to store both function pointers and the input values required by the functions (commands), one buffer is used by the consumer thread (internal thread) to execute commands, while the other buffer is available to producer threads (your thread) for new commands. After the internal consumer thread has finished executing all commands (function calls) on the internal buffer, it resets and rotates buffers with the producer threads; giving them a new/clean/reset buffer while it processes any commands on the other buffer. When no more commands are available, the internal consumer thread enters a wait-state (sleeps) until new commands are added. The Command Queue is designed for maximum throughput of function calls, without particular regard for memory consumption. By throughput and low latency, I refer to both the time it takes when a new command is added to the queue and executed, and/or the time taken between executing consecutive commands on a queue, which are separate scenarios, both are designed for maximum throughput, by low level optimizations. If insufficient space is available for new commands from a producer thread, the buffer is expanded dynamically. During a typical real world scenario, the buffers shouldn't exceeds more than a few hundred bytes or KB, due to the fast execution and rotation of the buffers. However during a sustained synthetic stress test of 1 trillion function calls (10 million function calls per second vs. std::thread's 200,000), the memory consumption reached 4MB x2 RAM (8MB). Memory consumption will largely depend on how many functions are added/called and how long the function calls take to complete. Memory usage is typically 20-bytes per-function-call, which is normally freed (reused) immediately after the function is called, by buffer rotation.   Note: The code and examples are made as easy and readeable possible! I know it can be difficult to read and follow other peoples code, it sometimes takes a while to understand the concept as a whole. Some of the concepts discussed here might be `advanced` (depends entirely on your skillset, I don't know who you are or what you know), but I want to break it down and keep things as simple and easy to understand as I can! The important aspect is the overall concept, not actual code / implementation! You can implement this any way you want!   Pros and Cons Pros: Ability to return values directly from a function executed on another thread! Without futures & promises! low overhead: 8-bytes (x86) / 12-bytes (x64) + data per command, +8-bytes extra for execute() stubs low latency inner loop: 6 instructions to execute every command in the queue, this represents the `latency` between consecutive function calls, from beginning to end: lea,call,mov,add,cmp,jb zero execution overhead: the functions have the opportunity to generate no additional call overhead! For example; printf("Hello World") compiled with VS2015 64-bit Release, with stack frames disabled generated 2 instructions in total inside the callback: mov, jmp. This also depends entirely on your functions! fast allocations to consecutive memory without gaps using an internal allocator on general purpose self-managed buffers. Calls to `alloc` just reserve space on the pre-allocated buffer, only realloc() is used when necessary to expand a buffer. The buffers are just reused and rotated All input data required for a function call, including the function pointer are stored consecutively, followed directly by the next command. no memory fragmentation, no linked lists or separate allocations, no free() statements, no gaps, no temporary memory allocations scaleable: can execute millions of functions per second from multiple producers with low memory footprint no traditional push/pop on the queue, `pop` is essentially just the `add` instruction in the inner loop header-only: the compiler has all the information it needs to make all the optimizations it wants to! On a Release build, VS2015 inlined everything I hoped it would, even with default inlining! The templates were all inlined and optimized generating very acceptable code to me Compiler warnings of the templates will give you an indication of most (or all) errors, but they are cryptic! efficient sleep: the thread goes into an efficient wait-state (sleep) when no commands are present, and activated immediately when new commands are added to a queue no switch-case statements, enums, function type or jump-table lookups etc. synthetic benchmark: 10,000,000 function calls per second, in comparison to std::thread's 200,000 Cons: The allocations on the buffers are not aligned, they are packed. The unaligned memory might affect some older architectures. Aligning all the memory would require more clock cycles and more memory. Does not support functions with an unlimited number of input values, currently supports functions with up to 6 input parameters. Support for calling functions with more than 6 parameters can be added! Some compiler error messages are very cryptic, it usually looks like the Command Queue is broken, but it's actually just mismatched number of function input values or data types, it's not usually immediately apparent where the error is!   Use examples Please download the files! It's too much to put here! There are some comments in the files! files in the download examples.cpp - general examples returns.cpp - several examples of return values benchmark.cpp - synthetic benchmark between Command Queue and std::thread - not fair because I don't keep spawning new threads! Just an example of the cost of constantly spawning vs. reusing a thread, it boils down to Command Queue being able to make 500 function calls in the same time it takes for std::thread to spawn! Download commandQ.zip   Lambdas Getting lambdas working can be a pain. Firstly, lambdas cannot be used with templates, because I need a `function pointer address` from the lambda, and they don't know how to `cast` themselves to a function pointer! commandQ( [] { printf( "Hello World" ); } );    // OK This is fine, because I don't use any templates to handle a void(*)() function! void execute( void (*function)() )              // My code to handle the lambda above But I cannot do this for any other function! I need the templates, they are more important to me than lambdas Casting lambdas method 1 commandQ.returns(                    [] { return "Hello World"; }, &hw );  // Not Ok!
commandQ.returns( (const char*(*)()) [] { return "Hello World"; }, &hw );  // Ok! Must be cast! I know right! It's because lamdas CAN be automatically cast, but NOT when you use templates! Because they don't know what type of function to cast to! Nothing I can about this, unless I make functions that use fixed functions. method 2 (same thing as above!) const char* hw = "";                                    // Crazy I know! It's a const!
const char*( *test )( ) = [] { return "Hello World"; };
commandQ.returns( test, &hw );                          // Yes the lambda will replace the const!
commandQ.join();
printf( hw ); Some crazy sh*t! However, this method is a bit easier, because the compiler can help you a bit! In the method above this (method 1), the compiler giving messages about my templates, which confused the crap out of me. It looked like my templates were broken ... the problem was the `const`, yes even in the return value, I know right!     Performance & memory usage Obviously there are many levels and aspects to this subject. So I will try to break it into the various components: Total memory use: 368-bytes (excluding the double-buffers) On Windows 7, Visual Studio 2015 64-bit std::thread - 16-bytes x1 std::condition_variable = 72-bytes x2 (144-bytes) std::mutex = 80 bytes x2 (160-bytes) std::atomic = 8-bytes x2 (one atomic for each buffer) 16-bytes per buffer (8-byte address pointer, 4-bytes total size, 4-bytes used size) (32-bytes for double buffers) bool `shutdown` variable Synthetic Benchmark During synthetic tests, comparing the Command Queue to spawning and executing functions on dedicated threads with std::thread objects, the Command Queue was able to execute 10 million function calls per second, on a Core i5, compared to std::thread's 200,000 function calls. This benchmark is a purely synthetic test, only effective at describing the potential `cost` of spawning threads as the possibility to execute up to 500 (small) function calls in the same time it takes to spawn a thread to make the same call. Due to it's light-weight and extremely efficient algorithms, it's usually far more efficient to execute consecutive function calls on a single thread, compared to spawning new threads or even running thread pools, where context switching can be detrimental to performance! Create object This is fairly costly, because it has to spawn the std::thread and malloc() the double-buffers. I use malloc() because I use realloc() to expand the buffers at runtime when the buffers need more space Create thread In my original design, I used direct API calls, which are obviously faster! However, for this component I just use std::thread, because I generally don't spawn a lot of these objects, so the cost of std::thread is acceptable 16-bytes, it's slower than native API calls, but I only create one internal thread! So it's tolerable. Queues I use a custom internal `queue` implementation, using 16-bytes each. I don't use std::queue; I wrote a long story about why I don't use it, but I eventually deleted it because I don't want to offend too many people! Lets just say std::queue is slower, and I would never use it; in fact I would rather shoot myself in the leg than use std::queue, and lets leave it at that! No wait, let me just add that I have NO respect for the ability (not personal) of anyone using this abomination (std::queue) for their worker thread `tasks` or execution queues ... ok ... I'll shut up now!   std::condition_variable 72-bytes ... WHAT? I'm really sorry about that! Not my code! That's VS2015 C++11 for you! The condition variable is used for notifications during the objects `wait-state` (sleep). I at least made sure to empty both queues before entering wait-state, because it's very costly, but I tried to minimize the impact! std::mutex 80-bytes ... OMG! Again, no idea why it uses 80 bytes! I couldn't believe it either! The mutex is required by the condition variable so I can't avoid it! On native Windows API, I can use a Critical Section for the condition variable, which is a lot lighter! The std::mutex and std::condition_variable are considerably slower than native API calls! But I need them for C++11 `cross platform` support. I would actually rather implement a native Windows API AND Linux API calls than use these monstrosities! std::atomic Thank god at least this compiles to an xchg instruction! I could sleep peacefully!   Terminology command A command is the combination of a function call (pointer address) and input values (data) required to execute it! command queue A command queue is a binary safe, sequentialy packed FIFO queue of commands on a pre-allocated buffer. Two queues exits in a double-buffered configuration. commands are added to one of the command queues by producer threads, while commands are executed by an internal consumer thread on the other queue. command queue protocol The command queue protocol refers to the layout, storage and execution of commands on the command queue stub function The stub functions are special internal functions to `unpack` input values for function calls from the queue. The `stub functions` are also responsible for passing the return values from functions, just like regular functions!   Internal Components (Advanced) This section is probably only relevant to people interested in the development of similar components, or interested in knowing how I solved some of the challenges like handling `return values`. Knowledge at this level is not necessary or required to use the component! I recommend that most people should just skip this section and go directly to the `Code Analysis` below! It's not necessary to read/understand this! It's marked `advanced` because I don't think most people are aware of the challenges, level of difficulty or skill set involved in creating a component like this (this is not a normal queue/buffer/thread!), so unless you've tried to make something similar, I hope you don't mind the distinction; and because I imagine most programmers might not be interested in the low level technical details. So if you're still reading ... I'll try to make the details as `user friendly` as possible, for an advanced audience! I try to make things simple, because even I struggle to follow some articles and concepts, just because they are not presented in a simple way. The concepts here are not that difficult ...   command pseudo structure struct command_t
{
    void (*command)(void*);     //   function (pointer) to execute on remote thread
    uint size;                  //   sizeof( command* ) + sizeof( uint ) + sizeof( data )
    char data[0..n];            //   (optional) input data for function call
}; command = command handler (function by address) + (optional) input values A command is the combination of a function (by address) and the input values required to execute it! Note: I don't actually use this structure, I write this structure directly with pointers! It's simple, and only done once command layout in x64 memory   command handler (lowest level) typedef void ( *PFNCommandHandler ) ( void* data ); It looks very simple on the outside, it's just a `function pointer` typedef, but it's probably the heart and soul of what I call the `protocol`. When I refer to the protocol, what I really mean is the execution of these functions by the consumer thread (internal thread) inner-loop. ALL functions executed by the consumer thread have the same structure; they don't return anything, and they accept a single data pointer. The data pointer is exactly that, a pointer to each commands `personal` data store on the command queue buffer. If you look at the memory structure layout of a command above, the data pointer is the pointer to the orange section. If the command required no data (zero) allocation, then this would actually be a pointer to the next command in the queue. This pointer gives the command full control over what it stored on the command queue buffer. This could literally be anything, from network packets received, raw text/strings, files loaded, raw model/texture/audio data, copies of objects and structures etc. It's actually a bit confusing to work with the raw data at this level. It requires a lot of pointer-to-pointer and pointer dereferencing to work with. Also, if your function required 2, 3 or 4 parameters, it's a bit confusing and error prone to extract the parameters. For this reason, I created the stub functions which are explained below. There is a whole section dedicated to the stub functions, but I just wanted to say something about them here; because they are actually command handlers working at this level with the raw data. They are responsible for extracting parameters from the data pointer passed here and calling the functions. If the function you call has a return value, then the stub functions extract the return address from this data pointer, and write the return value from the function to your address. They are just wrappers at this level to automate working with the data pointer! pseudo command handler examples void cmdPrintf( char** pstring )   { printf( *pstring ); }     // Note: char**, and *pstring
void cmdRender( Model** model )    { (*model)->render(); }
void cmdSetEvent( HANDLE* ev )     { SetEvent( *ev ); }
void cmdMouseMove( int* xy )       { state->mouse_move( xy[0], xy[1] ); }
void cmdTranslate( float* vec3 )   { glTranslatef( vec3[0], vec3[1], vec3[2] ); }
...
rawExecute( cmdPrintf,   "Hello World" );
rawExecute( cmdRender,    myModel );
rawExecute( cmdSetEvent,  myEvent );
rawExecute( cmdMouseMove, x, y );
rawExecute( cmdTranslate, x, y, z ); As you can see, I do make things easier to work with, by redefining `void* data` to be any pointer I want. These are `easy` examples, with just a single input data type, the situation becomes tricky when you have more than one parameter of different types. For the same kind I can just use array syntax, but for various kinds I have to do manual pointer aritmetic. So that's where the stub functions come in handy! However, at this level I can also copy raw data onto the buffer with rawExecuteWithCopy() ... you can read the code if you want to know more!   command queue command queue = binary safe, sequentialy packed FIFO queue of commands (functions with optional input data) commands are added to the command queue by producer threads (your thread), which pre-determine and set the function to call on the internal thread, and write the optional input values for the function call. Each command (function call) includes it's own optional (private) input data buffer, which is inherently thread-safe by design, and stored directly on the command queue. Once added to the queue, the producer thread (yours) notifies the internal thread that new commands are available on the queue, and the commands are executed sequentially. Its important to note, that the internal thread doesn't actually require a notification, unless it's already in a wait state, because it will first check both buffers to make sure no commands exist before entering wait-state, because going into wait-state is `expensive`! commands and their data are not `pushed on`, or `popped off` the queue in the traditional sense. After all the commands in the queue are executed, the buffer is reset (by setting a `used` index to zero), and reused/rotated with the queue avaiable to the producer thread, and looks for the next set of commands; so data allocations on this buffer are never freed, they are just temporary reserved space until the buffer is rotated I use two independent buffers, one for `producer threads` (your thread) to add commands, while the consumer thread (internal) executes commands (function calls) on the internal buffer. After all the commands are finished executing on the internal buffer, the buffers are swoped and the process begins again. All this is done lock-free! command queue layout in memory   stub functions The stub functions are special internal protected functions used to `unpack` function calls from the internal command queue protocol. They are called by the consumer thread when it's ready to call your function. I wanted to explain something about them, because they might be interesting to people wanting to know how I solved the `problem` of returning values from a thread. They are actually a very powerful `invisible man-in-the-middle` doing a lot of work behind the scenes; and essentially give the Command Queue object the `illusion` of making regular function calls; they are also responsible for writing the return values. The process starts when you call execute() and returns() on the producer thread (your thread), which write the values required to make your function call onto the command queue buffer. The values written depends on what you want to do; like: how many parameters does your function require and does it return a value? These functions also write the address to a specific stub function, which is executed on the consumer thread side before your function is called, and will handle extracting the parameters from the command queue buffer for you. Currently there are 14 stub functions, 7 functions for execute() and 7 for returns(). Each stub function handles a different case, depending on the number of parameters your function call requires, from zero to six parameters (0-6 input values). There is no provision for functions that require more than 6 parameters, I don't know any functions that need more than 6, but they can be added if you really need it ... Only execute() and returns() is called on the producer thread, they return after writing values onto the command queue, which will eventually be executed by the consumer thread. So when its finally time for the consumer thread to execute your command, it first calls the stub function! The stub function then `unpacks` the address to your function, any optional parameters and optional return value address from the command queue. The stub function then makes the call to your function, and optionally writes your return value! What is interesting to note about them, is that everything they can do, can be done `manually` by calling rawExecute(), which gives you full control over what you add to the command queue buffer, like writing network packets or raw files directly onto the buffer! The stub functions are really just convenient built-in wrappers for the most common tasks, demonstrating how flexible the command queue protocol is! 64-bit stub function layout on the command queue     Code Analysis command handler typedef typedef void ( *PFNCommandHandler ) ( void* data ); Only really used in the `internal` consumer thread in the inner-loop!   Double buffered command queue structure struct queue_buffer_t
{
    char*         commands;
    uint32_t      size;
    uint32_t      used;
};
queue_buffer_t  buffer[ 2 ];

std::atomic< queue_buffer_t* >  primary    = &buffer[ 0 ];
std::atomic< queue_buffer_t* >  secondary  = &buffer[ 1 ];

std::mutex                mtxDequeue;
std::condition_variable   cvDequeue;

std::mutex                mtxJoin;
std::condition_variable   cvJoin;

std::thread*              hThread;
bool        volatile      shutdown = false; CommandQueue()                      { this->init(  256 ); }
CommandQueue( const uint32_t size ) { this->init( size ); }

void init( const uint32_t size )
{
    this->buffer[ 0 ].commands = ( char* ) ::malloc( size );
    this->buffer[ 1 ].commands = ( char* ) ::malloc( size );
    this->buffer[ 0 ].size = size;
    this->buffer[ 1 ].size = size;
    this->buffer[ 0 ].used = 0;
    this->buffer[ 1 ].used = 0;
    this->hThread = new std::thread( &CommandQueue::thread, this );
}

~CommandQueue()
{
    this->shutdown = true;
    this->cvDequeue.notify_one();
    this->hThread->join();
    free( this->buffer[ 0 ].commands );
    free( this->buffer[ 1 ].commands );
} commands expands dynamically at runtime, I normally keep doubling the size with calls to realloc()! Each buffer is managed independently, and there is nothing stopping you from having a pool of buffers! The producer thread writes commands to one buffer, while the consumer thread executes commands on the other Lock-free std::atomic< queue_buffer_t* >  primary     = &buffer[ 0 ];
std::atomic< queue_buffer_t* >  secondary   = &buffer[ 1 ]; My method is really very simple and crude, and might not be the most efficient way to do this! The producer and consumer threads take ownership of the primary / secondary pointers above by replacing the values in the variables (switching/exchanging) with a nullptr (xchg). When the producer thread is finished adding a commands to the buffer, it puts the address back in primary! So if( primary == nullptr ) then ... it's being used! Wait-free These methods are wait-free in a single producer scenario, with my double buffers, the producer thread will always have a buffer available for writing new commands! However, if you had more producers, two buffers might not be sufficient for wait-free! You might need to add more buffers, or change the design to allow multiple producers to write to the same buffer. An excercise for you!   consumer thread The `internal` thread that executes the commands on a command queue void thread()
{
  queue_buffer_t* buffer = secondary.exchange( nullptr );

  while ( true )
  {
     buffer = primary.exchange( buffer );

     while ( buffer == nullptr )
       buffer = secondary.exchange( nullptr );

     if ( buffer->used )
     {
        char* base_addr = buffer->commands;
        const char* end = buffer->commands + buffer->used;

        do    // the inner loop - 6 CPU instructions to process a queue
        {
          (*(PFNCommandHandler*)base_addr)(base_addr+sizeof(PFNCommandHandler*)+sizeof(uint32_t));
          base_addr += ( *( uint32_t* ) ( base_addr + sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) ) );
        }
        while ( base_addr < end );

        buffer->used = 0;
     }
     else if ( this->shutdown )
        break;
     else
     {
        std::unique_lock<std::mutex> lock( mtxDequeue );
        cvDequeue.wait( lock );
        lock.unlock();
     }
  }
}   queue_buffer_t* buffer = secondary.exchange( nullptr ); The consumer thread first takes ownership of the secondary buffer (which will have no commands in it), before entering the main loop.   while ( true )
{
    buffer = primary.exchange( buffer );
    ...
} Yeah I know, an infinite loop ... shocking isn't it! And no I will not use while(!shutdown) or something similar! Since the secondary buffer we acquired before this is empty on startup, we don't have to process any commands in it. On entering the loop, we immediately exchange the it with the primary buffer, checking if any producer thread(s) have added commands to it. During the normal looping process, after processing the current buffer, it's reset/recycled and exchanged with the currently active primary buffer (we give the producer threads a clean buffer in exchange for their `used` buffers). So they can start from a new fresh buffer, while the consumer thread processes any commands added to the primary buffer they just exchanged. Note: There is actually high contention for the buffer in the primary variable! Normally the producer thread acquires this buffer, writes data to it, and puts it back. But so does the consumer thread! When the consumer thread is finished processing commands in the buffer, it resets the buffer and also swops it for the buffer in the primary variable.   while ( buffer == nullptr )
    buffer = secondary.exchange( nullptr ); while ( buffer == nullptr ) then ... wait for producer thread to finish with it's buffer ... entering this loop means that the primary thread was busy adding a new command to the buffer when we executed the previous swop. Yes, this uses 100% CPU useage, it's from my rendering thread which uses 100% anyway! This is the place to put some kind of waitable event system or just Sleep( 0 ); In the line before this while statement, we put a new clean/empty buffer in the primary variable. But when we exchanged it, we got a nullptr value back, which means a producer thread is currently busy with the buffer that was supposed to be there. When the producer thread is finished writing to the buffer, and tries to write the pointer back to the variable, it will detect a non-null value there (the new clean/empty buffer), and will instead put it's buffer address in secondary. Which is what we are waiting for it! More clarification There are 2 pointers: primary and secondary. Each one holds the address to one of the buffers The presence of a nullptr in primary means the buffer is being used (locked, yes I know I said this is `lock-free`, but it's not really related). An address in the variable means the buffer is available for use! Normally, when a calling thread (producer) wants to write data to the queue, it will take ownership of the primary buffer, by removing the address (xchg) and exhcanging it with a nullptr; then write it's data to the buffer, and put the address back in the primary variable! While it has ownership, the value in the primary variable is nullptr. And when it's finished with the buffer, it just puts the pointer back in primary. However, it's possible that the consumer thread has finished reading/calling/processing all the command handlers (callbacks) in the command queue it currently owns. When it's finished, it resets the buffer, and exchanges it with the one in the primary variable, but if there was a nullptr in the primary variable, it means another thread is writing new commands.   if ( buffer->used )
{
    ...
}
else if ( this->shutdown )
    break; If there is no data in the command queue buffer, then we test the `exit thread` condition variable! We only test it during `downtime`, when the thread has nothing else to do!   char* base_addr = buffer->commands; The reason why base_addr is a char*, is because it gives us byte-size flexibility with pointer arithmetic! eg. base_addr + sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) ... moves over the callback*, to the next value!   const char* end = buffer->commands + buffer->used; Just store the end address for the loop! Reduces the instruction count by 2 in the inner loop!   The inner loop do
{
   (*(PFNCommandHandler*) base_addr)( base_addr + sizeof(PFNCommandHandler*) + sizeof(uint32_t));
   base_addr += ( *( uint32_t* ) ( base_addr + sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) ) );
}
while ( base_addr < end ); (*(PFNCommandHandler*) base_addr)(base_addr + sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) + sizeof( uint32_t )); We can finally start calling the command handlers, and pass them a pointer to their input data! Remember the structure: [command*][uint32_t][data] input void* data address = base_addr + sizeof( command* ) + sizeof( uint32_t ) base_addr += ( *( uint32_t* ) ( base_addr + sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) ) ); Move to the next address. The [uint32_t] value in our command structure gives us: data size + 12 bytes (x64) which is the offset to the next command! Storing the + 12 bytes (8-byte callback* + sizeof(uint32_t)) (8-bytes for 32-bit) directly in our offset index, actually reduces the instruction count of the inner loop by 1! It's pre-calculated by the producer threads, which actually already do this calculation when they write the uses value of the buffer stucture, so it's a win-win! while ( base_addr < end ); end will be the address just after our last command, this would have been the next address to `append` new commands by the producer threads if we didn't acquire the buffer for processing.   buffer->used = 0; At this point we have completed executing all the commands in the command queue. This is where we actually reset / recycle this buffer, it's just a very simple index variable we set! After this, the buffer here is rotated / exchanged with the one in the primary variable. Rinse and repeat!   producer thread This is any thread that adds commands to a command queue. command = command handler (function pointer) + (optional) input required by the function   Low-level queue management functions These are the only functions you need on the producer thread side to add commands to a command queue! acquireBuffer() Take ownership of a command queue buffer. queue_buffer_t* acquireBuffer()
{
    queue_buffer_t* result;
    while ( ( result = primary.exchange( nullptr ) ) == nullptr )
        ;   // nothing in loop
    return result;
}   releaseBuffer() void releaseBuffer( queue_buffer_t* buffer )
{
    queue_buffer_t* exp = nullptr;
    if ( !primary.compare_exchange_strong( exp, buffer ) )
        secondary = buffer;
    this->cvDequeue.notify_one();
} Called when the producer thread is finished writing commands. Scenario: The producer thread was busy writing commands to the command queue buffer, originally in primary; while this was happening, the consumer thread finished processing a queue, so it put a recycled queue in the primary variable. We detect this situation when we try to write our value back to primary, we detect the presence of a new value there because primary != nullptr. So now we need to write our value to the secondary variable because the consumer thread is waiting for it there! At the same time, on the other side, the consumer thread is waiting, this is the code on the consumer thread side: corresponding code from consumer thread loop buffer = primary.exchange( buffer );

while ( buffer == nullptr )
    buffer = secondary.exchange( nullptr ); The first line writes a new value to the primary variable, this is detected by the scenario explained above! The consumer thread will also detect that there was a nullptr value in the primary variable, and wait for the producer thread to execute releaseBuffer(), and when it does, it will write its value into the secondary variable!   allocCommand() template< typename TCB >
char* allocCommand( queue_buffer_t* buffer, const TCB function, const uint32_t size )
{
    const uint32_t base = buffer->used;
    const uint32_t reserved = sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( uint32_t ) + size;
    buffer->used += reserved;
    if ( buffer->used > buffer->size )
    {
        do buffer->size *= 2;
        while ( buffer->used > buffer->size );
        buffer->commands = (char*) ::realloc( buffer->commands, buffer->size );
    }

    char* command = &buffer->commands[ base ];
    *( ( TCB* ) command ) = function;
    *( ( uint32_t* ) ( command + sizeof( TCB* ) ) ) = reserved;

    return command + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( uint32_t );
} This is the command queue equivalent of malloc(), it returns a pointer to a reserved space of size bytes. commands sit on a command queue, which is a much larger pre-allocated buffer. So these allocations just reserve space on this dynamic buffer. If the buffer doesn't have enough space, it grows dynamically with realloc(). And again, similar to the internalls of malloc(), it also writes some hidden data to the memory location just before the return address. It writes the function pointer address and the total size used by the command, then returns the address to the byte immediately after the 4-bytes for the uint32_t. General structure: [function*][uint32 size][reserved data bytes][next function* ... Note: Each command can only call this function once! So the required size must be predetermined!   execute() These commands have one very long line, which I cannot format nicely, so I just broke it up into 2 lines. There are 7 of these functions, I'm not going to display all of them, they support from zero to six (0-6) parameters execute() template taking 2 parameters template< typename TCB, typename T1, typename T2 >
void execute( const TCB function, const T1 v1, const T2 v2 )
{
    queue_buffer_t* buffer = acquireBuffer();

    char* data = allocCommand( buffer, executeStubV2< TCB, T1, T2 >,
                  sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( T1 ) + sizeof( T2 ) );
    *( ( TCB* ) data ) = function;
    *( ( T1* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) ) ) = v1;
    *( ( T2* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( T1 ) ) ) = v2;

    releaseBuffer( buffer );
}   template< typename TCB, typename T1, typename T2 > TCB = Typename/Template Callback - just a generic name I used for the function calls void execute( const TCB function, const T1 v1, const T2 v2 ) what can I say? queue_buffer_t* buffer = acquireBuffer(); `acquires` (takes ownership) of a buffer, for exclusive use, the buffer is `acquired` for a very shot time, only a few instructions, unless the buffer has to be resized char* data = allocCommand( buffer, executeStubV2< TCB, T1, T2 >, Part 1: we call allocCommand(), one of the `low level` calls, which is like a call to malloc(), because it returns a pointer to the data section which we can write data to! executeStubV2() This is the address of a special internal handler function, which will `unpack` the values from the command queue buffer on the other side, and actually make the function call executeStubV2() is also a template function, taking the same parameters. The address to this function is written directly to the command queue buffer inside the call to allocCommand(), sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( T1 ) + sizeof( T2 ) ); Part 2: We are reserving this much space on the command queue buffer. If there is not enough space to satisfy this request, then the buffer is resized with realloc() *( ( TCB* ) data ) = function; The `function` that YOU want to call, is actually the first thing written to the data section of the buffer! *( ( T1* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) ) ) = v1;
*( ( T2* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( T1 ) ) ) = v2; After writing the function, we write the input values (parameters) required for the function.   returns() The structure of `returns()` calls is almost identical to execute()! template< typename TCB, typename R, typename T1, typename T2 >
void returns( const TCB function, const R ret, const T1 v1, const T2 v2 )
{
    queue_buffer_t* buffer = acquireBuffer();

    char* data = allocCommand( buffer, returnStubV2< TCB, R, T1, T2 >, 
        sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( R ) + sizeof(T1) + sizeof(T2) );
    *( ( TCB* ) data ) = function;
    *( ( R* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) ) ) = ret;             // This line is the main difference
    *( ( T1* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( R ) ) ) = v1;
    *( ( T2* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( R ) + sizeof( T1 ) ) ) = v2;

    releaseBuffer( buffer );
} The main differences, are the use of `R` for the return address types. Also, the order of writing data is slightly different. We write the `R ret` value to the buffer directly after writing the function pointer, but before writing the parameters! This also forces us to recalculate the position of the input values, note the sizeof( R ) when writing T1 and T2! And the corresponding returnStubV2() function on the other side will `unpack` these values!   returnStubV#()   template< typename TCB, typename R, typename T1, typename T2 >
static void returnStubV2( char* data )
{
    const TCB function = *( ( TCB* ) data );
    const T1 v1 = *( ( T1* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( R ) ) );
    const T2 v2 = *( ( T2* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( R ) + sizeof( T1 ) ) );
    **( ( R* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) ) ) = function( v1, v2 );
} There are 7 of these functions, I'm just going to show the corresponding one for the returns() above! template< typename TCB, typename R, typename T1, typename T2 > Pretty much the same template as the returns() static void returnStubV2( char* data ) `should` be static, this function will be called by the internal thread Very important to note, is the char* data Since this is a `command handler`, and it will be called by the internal consumer thread, it requires a specific pre-defined structure, which includes accepting one pointer. The reason why I use char* is because it makes pointer addition (sizeof()) a lot easier! const TCB function = *( ( TCB* ) data ); We extract the function address from the data pointer const T1 v1 = *( ( T1* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( R ) ) );
const T2 v2 = *( ( T2* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( R ) + sizeof( T1 ) ) ); Extract 2x parameters, since this is the `2 parameter` version **( ( R* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) ) ) = function( v1, v2 ); This is where we actually make the function call, and we write the return value directly to the address stored in the buffer. This might seem a bit complicated, but it's not really. On the data buffer, after sizeof( TCB*) is the address of the return value (R) we stored.   The end   Rant Sorry, but I gotta get this off my chest! This could be an entire article by itself! Disclaimer: I just wish more programmers would be motivated to write faster executing code, but we don't all share the same goals or the same level of knowledge, and I know there are external pressures on programmers to deliver on deadlines, I just wish it wasn't so! about other multi-threaded code What really prompted me to release my code, was looking at several articles and source code on the same subject; they just made me sick! I'm sorry to say it, but there's no polite way for me to explain what I felt when I saw the vile abominations, excrement and violations of something so sacred to me! Not only does the source code look like an absolute abomination from hell, but the entire concept is a violation of everything I hold dear, especially about high performance programming! Sure, you want to use a ring-buffer to `improve performance`, and possibly reduce memory consumption, I get it! But it's not only the buffer that's the problem, your entire implementation is flawed and slow as f%#$? What's the point of trying to make something perform faster, when you only deal with half the problem, because your entire design is flawed and suffers from massive conceptual bottlenecks, on a collossal scale? If you are going to take the time to show your readers how a ring buffer works, because you think its necessary to speed up your implementation, but you are absolutely ignorant of the fact that the rest of your code is a travesty! For crying out loud, learn how to optimize the rest of it! You don't need a damn ring buffer! You need to learn how things actually work at a lower level!!! And for those implementing std::queue/std::vector for their execution queues, I just have nothing good to say about that! When you think about multi-threading, you are thinking about `performance`, aren't you? Isn't that the whole point? So why the %#$@ would you send your whole function queue through a meat grinder, piece of crap, slow as a mule, thing like an std::queue, don't you know anything about writing optimized code yourself? Have you actually looked inside the internals of that abomination? Don't you have any respect for your code? Sorry, this was aimed at other people writing articles on this subject, `promoting` concepts, ideas and code that I don't agree with! Each to their own! Not personal! about the state of programming in general Where have all the low-level programmers gone? Why are there so few articles being released about lower-level techniques these days? Have they all been discovered already? Why does it seem like everyone is jumping on the next bandwagon language or C++ revision, is it really the holy-grail? Doesn't anyone stop to think or examine what they're doing or using, or do they all just blindly accept and stay away from peeking inside those vile internals? "I need to do xyz", and the answer is: "just use Boost"! Do you know why std::string uses 40-bytes of overhead? Why do I feel the necessity to put "low-level" in the title, just so mainstream/`modern` programmers won't criticise my use of function pointers and raw pointer arithmetic, are they really that detestable? Is nobody interested in these techniques anymore? These concepts aren't even that low-level to me, and I should imagine that every professional C/C++ programmer should be comfortable with them! And why does my damn Firefox browser currenly need 80 threads and 2GB of RAM to open 6 tabs? Does Gmail and YouTube really require that much to function? And for that matter, why does Google Chrome currently need 7 processes, 99 threads and 700MB RAM to open a single Gmail tab??? I literally just counted it! And I can't even tell if my Gmail tab is running on the process with 45 threads or the one using 350MB of RAM! For crying out loud people, it's just Gmail! Do you know what I can do with 99 threads and 700MB of RAM? Does a &^$%@&ing Gmail tab really need all that??? 99 threads!!! If anyone working on Firefox or V8 actually gave a f*** about true performance, I would have a faster browsing experience! I constantly need to close tabs because Chrome and Firefox consume all 8GB of my RAM! Why is it widely perceived that Moore's law is still in effect, but it doesn't feel like it because everyone just keeps adding more and more layers of abstraction, abstraction on top of abstraction; "hey look at this, my abstraction uses another layer of abstraction!" Are these concepts really that hard to grasp and work with? Raise the bar people, and lets get back to being hackers in the original sense of the word! Ok ... rant over! Whew!   Assembler output of consumer thread loop This is from my Windows API version, I just thought I would leave it here for reference. The C++11 version similar while ( true )
{
commandQ = (command_queue_t*) InterlockedExchangePointer( &primary, commandQ );
13F9ECDE0 48 87 1D E9 B0 00 00 xchg        rbx,qword ptr [primary (013F9F7ED0h)]

while ( commandQ == nullptr )
13F9ECDE7 48 85 DB             test        rbx,rbx
13F9ECDEA 75 13                jne         (013F9ECDFFh)
13F9ECDEC 0F 1F 40 00          nop         dword ptr [rax]

{
commandQ = (command_queue_t*) InterlockedExchangePointer( &secondary, nullptr );
13F9ECDF0 48 8B DD             mov         rbx,rbp
13F9ECDF3 48 87 1D CE B0 00 00 xchg        rbx,qword ptr [(013F9F7EC8h)]
13F9ECDFA 48 85 DB             test        rbx,rbx
13F9ECDFD 74 F1                je          (013F9ECDF0h)
}

if ( commandQ->used )
13F9ECDFF 8B 43 0C             mov         eax,dword ptr [rbx+0Ch]
13F9ECE02 85 C0                test        eax,eax
13F9ECE04 74 20                je          (013F9ECE26h)

{
char* base_addr = commandQ->commands;
13F9ECE06 48 8B 3B             mov         rdi,qword ptr [rbx]

const char* end = commandQ->commands + commandQ->used;
13F9ECE09 48 8D 34 07          lea         rsi,[rdi+rax]
13F9ECE0D 0F 1F 00             nop         dword ptr [rax]

do
{
( *(PFNCommandCallback*) base_addr )( base_addr + sizeof(PFNCommandCallback*) + sizeof(UINT) );
13F9ECE10 48 8D 4F 0C          lea         rcx,[rdi+0Ch]
13F9ECE14 FF 17                call        qword ptr [rdi]

base_addr += ( *( UINT* ) ( base_addr + sizeof( PFNCommandCallback* ) ) );
13F9ECE16 8B 47 08             mov         eax,dword ptr [rdi+8]
13F9ECE19 48 03 F8             add         rdi,rax
}

while ( base_addr < end );
13F9ECE1C 48 3B FE             cmp         rdi,rsi
13F9ECE1F 72 EF                jb          (013F9ECE10h)

commandQ->used = 0;
13F9ECE21 89 6B 0C             mov         dword ptr [rbx+0Ch],ebp  
13F9ECE24 EB BA                jmp         (013F9ECDE0h)  

}
else if ( exitThread )
13F9ECE26 8B 05 20 B3 00 00    mov         eax,dword ptr [(013F9F814Ch)]
13F9ECE2C 85 C0                test        eax,eax
13F9ECE2E 74 B0                je          (013F9ECDE0h)

break;
}     License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The MIT License Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author T. Herselman South Africa Love and passion for low level, high performance code! The lower the better! I disassemble everything! I learnt x86 Assembler in the 90's, after reading the `Zen of Assembly Language` and `Graphics Programmers Black Book` by Michael Abrash. I also love C & C++, but I'm anti-Modern C++! (It's hard to clarify what I mean by `anti-Modern C++`! Because I love a lot of things added to C++11! Like nullptr, auto and a few other things) I hate the abominations called `futures`/`promises`, STL containers, shared_ptr etc. I've been inspired by the works of John Carmack, Mark J. Kilgard, Michael Abrash, Bob Jenkins and especially Agner Fog! You may also be interested in... Pro Challenging Some of the Myths About Static Code Analysis Pro Static Code Analysis in an Agile World Top 10 steps to optimize data access in SQL Server: Part III (Apply advanced indexing and denormalization) Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal JIT Optimizations Announcing Ubuntu and Wind River Pulsar support with Intel® IoT Developer Kit 5.0 Comments and Discussions   First Prev Next Thank you! Rado_16-Dec-16 20:19 Rado_ 16-Dec-16 20:19  I really like your approach. I have been reimplementing the same concept over and over, but whether due to no need of performance or just dumbness - I have never arrived at such elaborated design. I have spent crunching your code to my needs the last day and half, and I though that I can share some of my achievements. Assuming the generated code is the same when optimized: * Unlimited number of arguments for execution * No differentiation of casual function or non-capture lambda i.e. you can use plain lambdas as you like * Same interface for submission of tasks, the return part of the code is generated at compile time * Compile time decisions for used allocator, default buffer size. Well that's simple. Also I though about the number of buffer, but I do not see a need of that. * I cut the code in half. * In standard C++14, I though use 1-2 things from C++17 implemented as separate tools. When the new standard comes the code&maintenance will be even less. I surely do not want to prise myself! This is just a proof that this tool can be developed further! After that I did some design changes to fit my application though Please remove your exclamation marks! MageLord2-Sep-16 4:04 MageLord 2-Sep-16 4:04  There are too many of them and make your otherwise great article awful to read. Re: Please remove your exclamation marks! T. Herselman2-Sep-16 4:53 T. Herselman 2-Sep-16 4:53  Wow, I never realized I used so many! hehe I'll get around to it when I have some free time. << I almost put another one there. << and there Wow, I really need to hold back on them. << omg, I want to put another one there ... WHY??? Damn that's actually an annoying habit I never knew I had. << ffs With you on the rant john morrison leon25-Aug-16 23:55 john morrison leon 25-Aug-16 23:55  I like your rant. Indeed we are being told that performance doesn't matter yet we suffer waiting for our machines to respond. Web browsers are particularly bad because the download times cover up atrocious processing delays. The worst of it is that after all that software layer conformance coding, it frequently freezes up in action taking the entire machine down with it. I am not in the same place as you because I don't disassemble although I do hold in my head a plausible fantasy of the machine operations that will have to be done to achieve what my code has asked for. I take my machine to be the C++ language so I am limited to optimisations that the compiler can be convinced to make using the C++ language. However they are many, especially if you get into templates, rich typing and compile time programming. It is the language in which I put my faith and I am reluctant to trust libraries until I have a good idea of their language expression. Modern C++ as in using C++11 is simply better but I distrust exotic use of STL collections and their iterators – there are good uses for the new auto keyword but using it to cover up abominable iterator declarations isn't one of them. I do use std::vector and std::unique_ptr because I have to get engineering work done and they are the backbone of dynamic construction. I tolerate the intrusion of the arcane 'push_back' in my otherwise intuitively readable code because most engineers have now been exposed to it – why couldn't they have simply called it 'add'. Design Patterns is a noble attempt to produce generalised abstractions of what good programmers have been doing for years and give names to it. Great as a reference when you are trying to solve a problem but using it as a primary pedagogical tool and embedding it as a way programmers talk to each other has been a disaster similar to the stultifying effects of teaching complex grammar rules to children. I stay clear of them lest they unbalance my better judgement – like the grammar rules used to when I was a child. I like writing library code that is elegant to use, is elegantly written and compiles to the most optimal run-time code possible with the information available. I see a need to build zero or minimal overhead software layers which work largely as a compile time conceptual interpreters rather than generators of extra code. I am an engineer so I do need to at least conceptually encapsulate complexities. modified 26-Aug-16 9:56am. Re: With you on the rant Frédéric Steczycki29-Aug-16 22:57 Frédéric Steczycki 29-Aug-16 22:57  +1 at least Last Visit: 31-Dec-99 19:00     Last Update: 2-Jan-17 11:55 Refresh 1 General    News    Suggestion    Question    Bug    Answer    Joke    Praise    Rant    Admin    Use Ctrl+Left/Right to switch messages, Ctrl+Up/Down to switch threads, Ctrl+Shift+Left/Right to switch pages. Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161229.1 | Last Updated 26 Aug 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by T. Herselman Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2017 Layout: fixed | fluid


Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  Tablets  »  News Using the Samsung Galaxy TabPro S as my only computer Friday 26 August 2016  | Comment Now Why carry a tablet and laptop with you, when a 2-in-1 can do the job of both better? One of the big manufacturing goals with portable computers has been to make them smaller and smaller, without having to sacrifice features or power. It seems strange, then, that even though this goal has been met, I actually carry more devices than I used to, with a phone, tablet and laptop all taking up room in my everyday bag. The phone is a given, but a laptop and tablet seem a little too much to carry all of the time. Surely there's a better way? Moving to a 2-in-1 Thanks to Windows 10 and low-power Intel chips, there's a new category of computer: the 2-in-1. Effectively, these devices are full-on tablets that convert into full-on laptops when you need them. So rather than having two devices, I can carry just the one. But can I really get by with just the one device? To find out, I'm switching exclusively to the Samsung Galaxy TabPro S, a powerful Windows 10 2-in-1 computer with a 12in screen. Over this series of these articles, the TabPro S will be the only computer I use for everything: for work, for watching movies on the go, and for browsing the internet from the comfort of the sofa. I wouldn't even attempt to make the full switch if I didn't have confidence in the hardware, so here's what's drawn me to the TabPro S. It's powerful and light One of the reasons tablets became popular was that the switch to mobile processor meant they were thin and light. But tablets were only capable of running cut-down mobile software, rather than full applications that I need for work. With the TabPro S, I don't have to worry about power, as its 900MHz Intel Core m3-6Y30 processor can Turbo Boost to 2.2GHz. This is a proper laptop specification, so all of the desktop apps I'm used to running will run properly. Samsung has used all of its display prowess to ensure that the Galaxy TabPro S has an amazing screen. It uses Super AMOLED technology, which means near-perfect blacks, bright whites and stunning colours, and has a super-high resolution of 2,160 x 1,440. Power doesn't mean compromise, though, and the TabPro S is every bit as small and light as I'd expect a tablet to be: the main unit is a mere 6.3mm thick and weighs only 693g. Adding the keyboard cover brings the weight up to just 1.09kg. In total, this means that I'm carrying a lot less bulk than before and it's more than 1kg lighter. Thanks to all of the TabPro S's energy-efficient components, battery life tops out at just over ten hours – all-day computing in a device as powerful as a laptop and as convenient as a tablet. Throw in the built-in 4G modem in the model I'm using, and I'm freed from finding a Wi-Fi hotspot. I've got a device that I can use anywhere and everywhere to get online. It runs full Windows 10 Having a separate tablet and a laptop generally means having different apps on each, often to do the same jobs. It's a little annoying, and often meant I'd favour one device for one specific job, switching between laptop and tablet. And getting the same data on both devices meant using cloud synchronisation in the background. The Galaxy TabPro S runs the full version of Windows 10, which can seamlessly switch between Laptop mode (standard applications and the desktop) and Tablet mode (a touchscreen interface). Most importantly, both modes can use the same apps and the same data. With the Galaxy TabPro S, I only need to keep my data in one place and I only need to find one app for each task. It is a proper laptop For getting serious work done, there's simply no better alternative to a proper laptop configuration: a great keyboard and touchpad controlling a proper desktop operating system. With Windows 10, I've definitely got the latter, but the Galaxy TabPro S provides the former with its brilliant keyboard cover. From the outside it looks like a regular tablet cover, but flip it open and dock the main unit to the keyboard's magnetic connector and, bang, it's a full laptop. The keyboard is pretty much full-sized, and the keys have a fair amount of travel. It's like typing on a real laptop, rather than using one of those cheap tablet keyboards that are sold as a second-thought add-on. There's a touchpad, too, which supports multi-touch gestures such as two fingers for scrolling. With a touchscreen in front of you, the touchpad may seem a little pointless, but it makes selecting text, using menus and navigating regular Windows that much easier. A full laptop means having expansion options, and the Galaxy TabPro S has a USB Type-C port. As well as for charging the laptop, this port can be used with adapters for regular USB devices (memory sticks, keyboards, printers and so on) and for connecting to displays, so I can use a full-sized monitor on a desktop if I want. It is a proper tablet Just pull the Galaxy TabPro S out of the keyboard dock and it becomes a proper tablet, with Windows 10 switching to Tablet mode. This pushes the Start screen to take up the full display, letting me easily run touch-friendly apps, although the desktop is still available and all regular apps can be run if I need them. With Windows 10's brilliant touchscreen interface, I never feel as though I desperately need a keyboard and mouse in this mode, which was a problem with previous versions of Windows. Conclusion With the Galaxy TabPro S, I finally need just one device and I can live without compromise: it's a powerful laptop with a keyboard when I need it to be, and it's a powerful tablet with a touchscreen interface when I need that. This article originally appeared at alphr.com Related Articles Microsoft’s finally done something cool with Windows 10 How to: Making the most of Windows 10 on a 2-in-1 May-July 2016: popular operating systems and products had 2,686 vulnerabilities Windows 10 review: Microsoft's Anniversary Update adds polish Review: Samsung Galaxy TabPro S Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  samsung galaxy tabpro s  |  windows 10   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Review: Motorola Moto G4     How to: Buy a compact system camera     Why Star Citizen is the space sim you'll still be playing in 5 years     Review: Samsung Galaxy TabPro S   More in Tablets (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Asus ZenBook Flip UX360CA << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (2 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Lenovo Ideapad Miix 700 << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (3 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (4 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 2-in-1 << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (5 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell Inspiron 13 5000 2-in-1 delivers quality over battery << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Microsoft announces a new desktop PC with a difference << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (7 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Asus lifts the lid on three stylish new laptops << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (9 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Asus Transformer Book Flip TP200SA << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (10 of 10 articles) NEWS New Amazon Fire HD 8 provides tablet thrills for a low, low price << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Tablets News Microsoft announces a new desktop PC with a difference Review Review: Asus ZenBook Flip UX360CA Feature What we know about... the Apple iPad Pro 2 12.9 Group Test Microsoft UMPC devices Gallery Unboxed: Microsoft's Surface Pro 2 A-list Product Apple iPad Pro 9.7in From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Gear S3: Samsung's long-lasting smartwatch reviewed Telstra closing 3G: here's how to check if your phone is Next G compatible The best tech products of 2016 Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Australian telco year in review: the 10 biggest stories A year of deals! 26 Australian reseller mergers in 2016 The top 10 data centre stories of 2016 The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Former Toll CIO lands at Essential Energy Photos: The tech that used to run the Commonwealth Bank Telcos take ACCAN to task Ex-CBA IT exec sentenced to 3.5 years in jail for bribery 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege Star Wars Battlefront’s Scarif DLC fails to impress 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI A gorgeous fan collection of Battlefront Scarif DLC shots About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.

About Us Contact Us RSS Feeds | Twitter Facebook Google Events & Reports Calendar Forex Commodities Indices Stocks Bitcoin Central Banks Trade Ideas Events & Reports Calendar Forex Commodities Indices Stocks Bitcoin Central Banks Trade Ideas Events & Reports Calendar Forex Commodities Indices Stocks Bitcoin Central Banks Trade Ideas Sam Bourgi Share This! Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest LinkedIn DJIA Today: Dow Futures Reverse 100-Point Gain, Settle at 3-Week Lows August 26, 2016 22:40 GMT Dow industrials fell to fresh three-week lows Friday, as investors reacted to hawkish comments made by Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen and Vice Chair Stanley Fischer. Dow Futures closed down 70 points at 18,378.00. The main price-weighted Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 53.01 points or 0.3% to 18,395.40, its lowest settlement since August 4. It was the index’s third consecutive decline. For the week, the Dow closed off nearly 1%. The short-term momentum indicators suggest more selling pressure is on the way. Telecommunications blue chip Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) was the biggest industry laggard on Friday, closing down 1.3%. Shares of hamburger chain McDonald’s Corp (NYSE: MCD) closed off 0.9%. Chemical manufacturer DuPont (NYSE: DD), beverage maker Coca-Cola Co (NYSE: KO) and and retailer Home Depot Inc. (NYSE: HD) each declined 0.8%. Meanwhile, shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), Chevron Corp (NYSE: CVX) and Boeing (NYSE: BA) each fell at least 0.6%. Only nine Dow components reported gains Friday. Gains were led by Merck & Co Inc. (NYSE: MRK), Intel Corp (NASDAQ: INTC), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) and Visa Inc. (NYSE: V). The Dow was up more than 100 points through the early morning, as traders shrugged off Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen’s remarks that the case for raising interest rates has strengthened “in recent months.” The markets recoiled after Fed Vice Chair Stanley Fischer told CNBC that rates could rise as soon as next month. In Fischer’s view, the upcoming jobs report could play a decisive role in the central bank’s decision. August nonfarm payrolls are due out September 2. The Federal Open Market Committee’s next policy meeting is scheduled September 20-21. Stocks ended mostly lower Friday. The S&P 500 Index declined 3.43 points or 0.2% to close at 2,169.04. The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index broke higher in the late afternoon, rising 6.71 points or 0.1% to close at 5,218.92. European markets caught the tailwind of Wall Street’s initial optimism to close higher on Friday. The pan-European Stoxx 600 closed up 0.6%. The UK’s FTSE 100 advanced 0.3% and Germany’s DAX added 0.6%. Asian markets ended mostly lower. Japan’s Nikkei 225 settled down 1.2%. In China, the CSI 300 Index declined 0.1%.   In economic data, the US economy expanded slower than initially expected in the second quarter. Gross domestic product grew at an annualized 1.1% pace in the April-June period, down from a prior estimate of 1.2%, the Commerce Department said Friday. Despite the downward revision, consumer spending surged 4.4% compared to a year ago, up from the original estimate of a 4.2% increase. Purchases of durable goods rose 9.9%, while exports also made a positive contribution to economic growth. EconomicCalendar.com provides the latest economic news and financial events that move the market. You may also like U.S. Dollar Index (DXY): Rebounding in Today’s Trading January 2, 2017 13:45 GMT PMI Data Will Show Currency Pressures – US Dollar Policy in Focus January 2, 2017 13:34 GMT Hormel Foods Corporation (HRL): The Undervalued Company Is Set to Generate Solid Returns in FY2017 January 2, 2017 11:17 GMT Freeport-McMoRan (FCX) Will Extend Its Rally in FY2017 January 2, 2017 11:08 GMT About the author View All Posts Sam Bourgi Sam Bourgi is a financial market analyst for economiccalendar.com. He has more than six years of progressive experience in economic and financial analysis, research consulting and sectoral analysis. As a published author in government, peer-reviewed, online and industry sources, he has developed a fundamental approach to the financial markets with a broad focus on stock indices, commodities and the technology sector. He earned his Bachelor’s Degree from the University of Windsor and Master’s degree from McMaster University. S&P 500 Futures Decline as Rate-Hike Bets Rattle Wall Street Nasdaq Index Barely Closes Up for 9th Week in Row as Investors React to Yellen Share This! Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest LinkedIn Indices Name Price($) Comment Change($) Change % S&P 500 2,239 -10.43 -0.46% NASDAQ 5,383 -48.97 -0.90% NYSE 11,057 -17.43 -0.16% FTSE 100 7,142.83 +22.57 +0.32% DAX 11,598.33 +117.27 +1.02% CAC 40 4,882.38 +20.07 +0.41% EURONEXT 100 938.97 +5.08 +0.54% Nikkei 225 19,114.37 -30.77 -0.16% HANG SENG INDEX 21,927.16 -73.40 -0.33% Commodities Name Price($) Change($) Change % Comment Light Sweet Crude Oil Futures,D 47.48 -0.01 -0.02% Gold Futures,Dec-2016 1,138.10 -1.30 -0.11% Silver Futures,Dec-2016 15.97 -0.02 -0.11% Copper Futures,Dec-2016 2.51 +0.01 +0.46% Latest News Caixin China Manufacturing PMI Improves to 51.9 in December Australia AiG Manufacturing Index Strengthens to 55.4 in December NZD/USD Ranges On The First Trading Day Of 2017 USD/CAD Recovers Early Day Losses To Regain Support Gold Futures Lower in Electronic Trade After Friday’s Positive Finish AUD/USD Declines To Critical Support Crude Oil Futures Little Changed in Electronic Trading Trading forex, equities, CFDs, or other assets carries financial risk. You may lose your initial deposit or more. The information on this website is provided for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as financial advice. Trading is risky. Always consult with an independent financial adviser to give you trading advice tailored to your individual circumstances. View the Full Disclaimer Here Copyright © 2016 www.EconomicCalendar.com All Rights Reserved. Home About Us Privacy Contact Us RSS Twitter Facebook Google
Imperial Valley News Heart of the Matter White House Announces New Commitments to the Equal Pay Pledge Print Email Details Written by White House Category: National News Published: 27 August 2016 Washington, DC - Friday, on Women’s Equality Day, we are announcing new signatories to the White House Equal Pay Pledge. This pledge was launched at the first-ever United State of Women Summit, encouraging companies from across the American economy to take action to advance equal pay. These 29 newly-committed employers bring the total number to more than fifty companies and organizations that collectively employ millions of Americans. The new commitments are from a diverse range of employers, including Apple, CVS, Facebook, Target, and Visa. Equal Pay has been an Administration priority since President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act into law as his first piece of legislation. Policies that ensure fair pay for all Americans and that help businesses to attract the strongest talent can not only narrow the pay gap, but also boost productivity and benefit our economy. As noted in the President’s Proclamation on Women’s Equality Day, this day commemorates the 1920 certification of the 19th Amendment to the Constitution, granting women the right to vote. It is also the day that we observe the continued work towards gender equity for all women and girls. View the additional commitments and statements from signatories below, and learn more about President Obama's record on empowering women and girls. By signing the Equal Pay Pledge, these employers are: Acknowledging the critical role businesses must play in reducing the national pay gap. Committing to conducting an annual company-wide gender pay analysis across occupations. Reviewing hiring and promotion processes and procedures to reduce unconscious bias and structural barriers. Embedding equal pay efforts into broader enterprise-wide equity initiatives. Pledging to take these steps as well as identify and promote other best practices that will close the national wage gap to ensure fundamental fairness for all workers. Companies and organizations interested in signing are encouraged to take the Equal Pay Pledge here. WHITE HOUSE EQUAL PAY PLEDGE The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first piece of legislation President Obama signed into law. Policies that ensure fair pay for all Americans and that help businesses attract the strongest talent can not only narrow the gender pay gap, but also boost productivity and benefit our economy. Yet, the typical woman working full-time all year in the United States only earns 79 percent of what a typical man working full-time all year earns. While the gap has narrowed slightly over the past few years, there is much more work to be done to ensure fair pay for all. Building on the Administration’s numerous actions to close the national pay gap, the White House challenged businesses to take the Equal Pay Pledge. Several U.S. private sector companies have come together in support of advancing equal pay. We applaud the growing number of countries that have already made significant progress in closing their gender wage gap. Despite passage of the Equal Pay Act of 1963, which requires equal pay for equal work, the gender pay gap in the United States persists. Women working full-time earn only 79 percent of men’s wages, and we are committed to taking action individually and collectively to reduce that national pay gap. We believe that businesses must play a critical role in reducing the national pay gap. Towards that end, we commit to conducting an annual company-wide gender pay analysis across occupations; reviewing hiring and promotion processes and procedures to reduce unconscious bias and structural barriers; and embedding equal pay efforts into broader enterprise-wide equity initiatives. We pledge to take these steps as well as identify and promote other best practices that will close the national wage gap to ensure fundamental fairness for all workers. We received a very positive response to the pledge and welcome our new signatories, including the employers below. These signatories put forth their pledges as follows: A.T. Kearney: A.T. Kearney is passionate about and committed to diversity and inclusion.  We provide our employees with equal opportunities to contribute, develop, and succeed irrespective of gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. Diversity enables us to achieve immediate impact and growing advantage – for our clients, our people and the communities in which we work and live. We believe that equal pay to promote diversity and inclusion is a business imperative. Our approach to diversity and inclusion has and will continue to evolve with the changing needs of our business and our people. We offer global programs that create an inclusive environment and culture, ensuring all employees feel comfortable bringing their best selves to work each day. We enable our employees to achieve their personal and professional aspirations. A.T. Kearney is proud to collaborate with the White House and enthusiastically adds our name to the Equal Pay Pledge. Akamai Technologies: Akamai Technologies is pleased to sign the White House Equal Pay Pledge. This pledge aligns with the expectations we have of ourselves to lead with a sense of transparency, while embracing diversity and respect for all employees. At Akamai, we seek to ensure every employee can work in an environment where they are valued and able to work at their best. We believe in fair and equitable pay for all our employees, and we are committed to monitoring our pay practices regularly and to making adjustments if necessary to deliver on this pledge. Anheuser-Busch: Anheuser-Busch is proud to sign the Equal Pay Pledge. We value equality throughout all levels of our organization, and believe diversity enriches our workforce. This commitment to inclusivity begins with our mission - to be the best beer company, bringing people together for a better world - and extends to our meritocracy-based compensation practices. At Anheuser-Busch, we believe in equal pay for equal work. We use a rigorous and gender-blind compensation process that was developed and validated by independent experts. We recognize that there is still much work to do to create a truly equal playing field in the workforce. It is our ambition to lead the change and create more opportunities for women in the beer industry. Today, six of our 12 U.S. breweries are led by female head brewmasters, and women now represent the majority (51 percent) of our marketing organization. In support of our workforce and their families, this year we introduced a new parental leave policy that offers 100% paid Parental Bonding leave for all parents, on top of paid Maternity Leave for a birth mother. Apple: Equal work deserves equal pay. This past year, Apple looked at the total compensation for U.S. employees and closed the gaps we found. We’ve achieved pay equity in the United States for similar roles and performance. Women employees at Apple earn one dollar for every dollar male employees earn. We’re now analyzing the salaries, bonuses, and annual stock grants of all our employees worldwide. If a gap exists, we’ll address it. And we’ll continue our work to make sure we maintain pay equity. Chobani: Since day one, diversity and inclusiveness have been at the core of Chobani. We’re proud to stand with other leading businesses to give one voice to a simple, common sense principle: women deserve equal pay for equal work. We were founded with the belief that everyone on our team deserves the same chance to achieve their dreams and live up to their full potential. By joining the White House in taking this important pledge, we’re committing to continuously reviewing our practices to ensure that, as we grow, we never stray from our founding principles – and that our hiring, promotion and compensation practices and procedures stick to our deeply-held belief that women deserve equal opportunity. The Coca-Cola Company: The Coca-Cola Company values and celebrates diversity. This includes a long-standing commitment to equal opportunity that spans our employment practices and development of existing employees. There is overwhelming evidence that achieving equality and empowerment for women has both immediate impacts that benefit them directly and broader ripple effects that are good for society. We have made meaningful strides as a company in our equal opportunity efforts. Still, we recognize there is more we can learn by building upon best practices across the U.S. private sector.  We are pleased, therefore, to join the Equal Pay Pledge and work with the Administration and other partners towards reducing the national gender pay gap. CVS Health: At CVS Health, we are committed to fulfilling our company’s purpose of helping people on their path to better health by living our values, including integrity, accountability, caring, collaboration and innovation. By living our values, we embrace a dedication to paying our colleagues equitably regardless of their gender. We take a purposeful and systematic approach to evaluate compensation to ensure we are accountable to our pay equity commitment. We actively work to seek out, listen to and leverage the voices of our diverse colleagues, customers, clients, and communities. For our company, diversity and innovation go hand in hand and we strive to model best practices to promote and develop diverse talent.  Our CEO serves as the executive sponsor of CVS Health’s Women’s Success Network, one of our largest Colleague Resource Groups.  And we have been recognized as a best practice company by the 20/20 Women on Boards Initiative.  We value the contributions of all of our colleagues and we are proud to join other leading employers in signing this pledge and making a commitment to this important issue. Delta Air Lines: At Delta Air Lines, the very nature of our business is bringing people together. We rely on a worldwide family of Delta Air Lines people 80,000 strong to care for our customers and ensure they get where they’re going promptly and safely, regardless of the origin or destination. Our success is built on diversity, where our differences make us stronger and all people are welcomed, supported and – above all – treated equally. We’re proud to join the White House in signing the Equal Pay Pledge and voicing our commitment to fairness and diversity in the workplace, which is reflective of our long-standing commitment of pay equality among all Delta Air Lines employees. Dropbox: Dropbox is honored to sign the White House Equal Pay Pledge and join the other companies who have taken a stand on this issue. Gender equality and equal pay are priorities for us, and they are part of our deep commitment to creating an equitable workplace that includes and supports employees of every background and identity. Our products are used around the globe by millions of people from all cultures and backgrounds, and our team needs to reflect the world we’re building for. At Dropbox we review all of our hiring and HR processes for potential bias, including a gender impact analysis at every compensation and promotion cycle. Additionally, we've built inclusive leadership into our framework for managers, and all of our senior leadership and nearly all of our employees have participated in unconscious bias training. While we are proud of our track record of compensating our employees fairly and equitably — from our most junior team members to our senior leaders — we know there is more work to be done in order to create a world in which both men and women have the same opportunities and choices. Dunkin’ Brands: Dunkin' Brands is committed to gender pay equity, and we are honored to join the White House in the Equal Pay Pledge.  At Dunkin' Brands we regularly review our pay practices to ensure pay equity and strongly believe that a corporate culture in which each person is valued, respected and earns equal pay for equal work, delivers better business results. EY: EY is committed to pay equity and a culture of inclusion. Equity in opportunities, advancement, and compensation is a business imperative, and we work hard to promote fair practices for all of our women and men. EY’s leadership is actively engaged in fostering gender equality at EY and in the marketplace. Facebook: At Facebook we value those who bring varying perspectives, for many reasons including background, community, culture, race, ethnicity - and gender. We call this cognitive diversity, and we want more of it. It propels our mission: to give people the power to share and make the world more open and connected. Facebook is a longtime supporter of equal pay. We regularly review our compensation practices to ensure pay equity, and have done so for many years. We complete thorough statistical analyses to compare the compensation of men and women performing similar work. As such, we are proud to share that at Facebook, men and women earn the same.  We encourage efforts to establish methods to close the wage gaps around the world. General Motors: General Motors is pleased to sign The White House Equal Pay Pledge. We believe strongly in gender equity, and we are dedicated to having a diverse and welcoming workplace that values the contributions of all employees. We know that a diverse workforce promotes fresh, innovative thinking that translates into both a competitive advantage for GM and winning products for our customers. To this end, among other efforts, GM has employee resource groups, whose mission is to attract, engage, develop and retain a diverse mix of talented employees to positively affect GM’s performance, through networking and professional development opportunities. GM is supporting this pledge because it reflects our shared belief that employees’ gender should not factor into compensation decisions. We believe that fair and equitable pay should be an essential element of any successful business model and are proud to stand with other companies that share this same value. The Hartford: At The Hartford, gender equality is a top business priority.  The Hartford prides itself on its diverse workforce and inclusive culture, and its commitment to equality for ALL employees. The Hartford, recently named as one of twenty-six firms on Bloomberg Financial Services Gender-Equality Index for demonstrating strong commitment to gender equality, is proud to take the next step in signing the White House’s Equal Pay Pledge.   The Hershey Company: At The Hershey Company, diversity and inclusion is a commitment that is embedded in who we are.  It’s about advancing our vision, our culture, and our environment, so everyone can bring a meaningful contribution.  As part of this commitment, we believe that discrimination has no place in our workforce, which is why we have a no-tolerance policy. Our policy is to extend opportunities and terms and conditions of employment to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual’s race, color, gender, age, national origin, religion, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, pregnancy, or any other categories protected by applicable law.  For wages, this includes equal pay for equal work. Hilton: At Hilton, we are proud of our long history of supporting a diverse and inclusive workplace. Our goal is clear - we strive for an inclusive work environment that allows all of our Team Members to be comfortable bringing their entire selves to work every day.   Simply put, our culture is a reflection of the backgrounds, passions and perspectives of all of our Team Members around the world. To be the most hospitable company in the world, we must also represent the many different cultures, backgrounds and viewpoints of our guests, which includes supporting and empowering women at every level of our organization.  In fact, women make up more than 50 percent of our global workforce. In this regard, we are honored to join the White House in signing the Equal Pay Pledge.  We are committed to advancing our efforts in ensuring equity not only in our pay practices, but also across recruitment, learning and development, benefits, and our overall Team Member value proposition. In doing so, we continue to deliver on our promise of a great environment, great careers and great rewards for all of our Team Members. Supporting women in the workplace is part of who we are. In fact, we provide a wide-range of opportunities for women such as our Women’s Team Member Resource Group, Women’s Executive Networking Program, and Women in Leadership Excellence Program in partnership with the University of Virginia. Most recently, we were honored to be selected by DiversityInc as one of the Top 50 Companies for Diversity, the Human Rights Campaign rated us at 100 percent on their Corporate Equality Index, and Professional Woman’s Magazine named us as a Top Diversity Employer of Women. We were also chosen by the Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund for being one of the highest-rated companies in the world for advancing women leadership. Additionally, we are committed to offering family-focused benefits across our hotels and offices, including our industry-leading maternity leave policy, flexible working environments, 10-day advanced scheduling, paid time off, and educational assistance. IBM: In 1935, IBM founder Thomas J. Watson Sr. said, "Men and women will do the same kind of work for equal pay. They will have the same treatment, the same responsibilities and the same opportunities for advancement." IBM established a broad equal opportunity policy more than a decade before the Civil Rights Act, and we have maintained and continually improved a formal pay analysis and adjustment process for women and minority employees for 40 years. And now, in IBM’s second century as a company, we remain firmly dedicated to providing fair pay based on job responsibilities and performance, which is critical to meeting today’s evolving business and technology challenges. IBM is proud to sign the White House’s Equal Pay pledge as another step in our long history of fostering fairness, diversity and inclusion in the workplace. IKEA US: IKEA is a values-driven company, and our approach to diversity and inclusion is grounded in our values. We believe in people and see each individual as a talent. We treat each other fairly and provide our co-workers with equal opportunities, regardless of their gender identity, age, sexual orientation, physical ability, ethnicity, race, nationality, or any other dimension of their identity. We know that each individual adds value to the team, and we are committed to creating an inclusive work environment that encourages our diverse and competent co-workers to be themselves, to apply their unique perspectives at work, and to assume responsibility for our growth. In addition to being the right thing to do, creating this environment also improves our business results and strengthens our competitiveness. Several years ago, IKEA launched a proactive global effort to increase the diversity of our workforce at all levels. As part of this, we took – and will continue to take – a hard look at all areas of gender equality, including workforce representation, hiring, career development, succession planning, promotion rates, and pay equity. Over the coming years, we will maintain a comprehensive approach to diversity and inclusion across the entire organization, including pay equality. We are proud to take the Equal Pay Pledge to ensure fairness for all our co-workers, and to join the many companies contributing to a better society by leading on this issue. Intel: Signing the Equal Pay Pledge for Intel is a natural extension of our longstanding commitment to paying our employees fairly and equitably at all levels of the organization. We hold ourselves accountable with data by conducting an annual, comprehensive audit of pay in the U.S. to analyze our employees' pay by gender and ethnicity. In 2015 we conducted a comprehensive compensation analysis examining gender pay parity for U.S. employees across job types and levels. The report showed a net result of 100% pay parity, and we're incredibly proud of this result. Our commitment to diversity comes from our conviction that reaching a critical mass of women and underrepresented minorities in our industry brings ample benefits to many. The Libra Group: The Libra Group heartily supports the Equal Pay Pledge. As an employer we are age, sex, orientation, race and religion blind. Yet we are acutely aware that the wage gap is very often a symptom of a broader opportunity gap that may affect some population groups more than others, notably women. So wage parity begins with opportunity parity, which is why so many of our group’s social responsibility programs focus on groups who are experiencing disproportionate lack of educational and career opportunity. In many cases this means providing work experience, or equipping under-served communities with the advice, mentoring, training and support they need to acquire leadership skills or get a new business off the ground. For the fortunate few we are able to break the cycle of disadvantage and give a helping hand – but there is still more to be done. In our experience tomorrow’s leaders emerge from the most unlikely places. Thus we believe that narrowing the pay gap depends on two things: a culture of equal opportunity and equal treatment within the work environment, combined with selective positive action and intervention to lift people out of endemic disadvantage and give them the chance they deserve. LinkedIn: LinkedIn's vision is to create economic opportunity for every member of the global workforce. We are committed to ensuring all of our employees have equal opportunities to succeed and be recognized for their accomplishments. At the core of economic opportunity is equal pay for equal work. We believe it is basic good business to ensure this is true within your own organization, and we regularly review and evaluate our pay practices to ensure our employees are compensated fairly. In addition, our ongoing focus on improving the gender diversity of our employee base continues to have meaningful impact with gains in women's representation in both technical and leadership roles over the last several years. The Women’s Initiative (WIN) within our Global Sales team and the Women in Technology initiative (WIT) within our Engineering and Product organizations have built a framework to successfully hire, retain, develop and advance women. We are committed to continuing to create diverse teams in an inclusive work environment where every person feels they truly belong and are paid fairly. MailChimp: Equal pay is an essential part of MailChimp’s culture of inclusion, and we’re grateful for the opportunity to sign the White House Equal Pay Pledge. We conduct annual pay and benefits analyses, in addition to focusing on fair hiring and interviewing practices, generous family leave policies, flexible work schedules, employee-led resource groups, leadership development opportunities for employees at every level, and meaningful corporate citizenship programs. It is unacceptable that women working full-time earn only 79 percent of what men earn, and unacceptable that the gap is even greater for women of color. MailChimp promises to do our part to close that gap. We are committed to empowering all of our employees and helping them succeed both within our organization and out in the world. Microsoft: Microsoft is proud to join others in the effort to drive greater pay equality among men and women, which is a critical component of social progress.  When women are fully engaged in our workforce and communities, society at large benefits from the great ideas and innovation that flourishes.  Our commitment to equal pay gives us the opportunity to attract and hire from a broader talent pool of the best employees, managers and leaders—while gaining important insights into consumers’ needs. In addition to gender pay equality, we are also committed to ensuring that all employees have equal opportunity. MuleSoft: MuleSoft has signed the Equal Pay Pledge as a testament to our continued commitment to creating a great place to work for everyone. MuleSoft has a long-standing commitment to equal opportunity, and we believe people should be paid equally for equal work and experience. We conduct an annual audit of our compensation, which we readily use to influence changes in our policies. Ensuring that we all have the same platform for opportunities, growth, and compensation is core to our ethos and success. We’re committed to providing a workplace where everyone is supported and inspired by the opportunity to build a successful company where we can do what we love and thrive. Nike: Today, we are proud to sign the White House Equal Pay Pledge. At Nike, diversity is about acknowledging and valuing our differences and appreciating that everyone brings unique experiences, perspectives and ideas to the team. Investing in our employees to unleash their potential translates into a pipeline of new ideas, methods, and products that drive the future of sport. In keeping with our culture and what we stand for as an organization, we remain committed to equitable pay and rewarding performance across all roles, for all Nike team members. By signing the White House Equal Pay Pledge, we’re adding our voice to a movement that we hope will inspire positive change. Patagonia: Since they founded Patagonia in a small Tin Shed more than 40 years ago, Yvon and Malinda Chouinard have worked hard to build a culture where women and families thrive. Today, Patagonia continues to value and honor our working women with equal pay and opportunity. We believe women shouldn’t have to make the unnecessary choice between family and career and they can grow a career at the same pace as a family. At Patagonia, thanks to onsite child care, nursing moms are a few feet away from their babies versus miles apart. New moms and dads take paid time off to bond with and care for infants and families can eat breakfast and lunch together daily. We have an equal number of women and men at every level of the company, including among executive positions and the boardroom. Women and men are paid equally for comparable work. All of these things amount to a work environment where 100 percent of women return to work from maternity leave, 100 percent of dads take paid time off from work to bond with their new babies, and the business thrives as a result of the working families we support in our business. We also believe that there is so much more to be done to reinforce the true drivers of pay equality – such as paid maternity and paternity leave, quality on-site childcare, and a family-supportive work environment – which allow working moms and dads to continue to grow their family, career and income with equal opportunity. Patagonia commits to continuing to build on the progress we’ve made and supporting working families through every avenue possible as we continue to grow our business in line with the values we were founded on. “Women will never be able to effectively “lean in” without the proper economic, social and community support for the most critical work of all: raising children.” -Rose Marcario – CEO, Patagonia Target: At Target, we believe diversity and inclusivity make teams and Target better. We work to create a diverse and inclusive working environment and cultivate an inclusive guest experience, building a better Target for our team members and guests – and a better society for all. Target is honored to sign the White House Equal Pay Pledge and affirm our commitment to making pay equitable for everyone at Target, including women in the workplace. To achieve our goal of pay equity, we’ve implemented meaningful business practices, including continued leadership training designed, in part, to reduce the likelihood that leaders’ decisions are improperly influenced by bias or stereotyping.  We also use other internal measures, such as a comprehensive annual pay audit process, to ensure compensation is fair and equitable across the organization. Additionally, earlier this year, Target CEO Brian Cornell joined PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi to co-chair the Network of Executive Women’s Future Fund – an industry-wide campaign aimed at achieving 50/50 gender parity in the workforce. We’ve also earned a spot on the list for the Top Companies for Executive Women from the National Association for Female Executives for the past four years. We are proud of our internal initiatives and external partnerships, and we remain committed to improving pay processes and policies that ensure equality and fairness for all. Unilever: At Unilever, we strive to create a bright future and believe business has a critical part to play in closing the national gender gap. As part of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan - which is our blueprint to grow our business, while decoupling our environmental footprint from our growth and increasing our positive social impact - we have the ambition to empower the lives of five million women by 2020. Unilever is in a strong position to help empower women around the world: over 70% of our consumers are women and they play essential roles in our value chain. Unilever is proud to take the Equal Pay Pledge and confirm our commitment to gender equality. We consider the advancement of women’s economic inclusion a business priority and by promoting the formal and active participation of women in the economy—we aim to transform lives, families, communities and economies and in turn, have the opportunity to grow our markets, brands and business. Over the past six years, Unilever has been in the process of making sure we have gender balance throughout our business. We are currently at 49% gender balance for managers and above in North America and continue to strive to foster an environment where each individual feels uniquely valued and has equal opportunities.  Unilever is committed to creating a working environment that promotes diversity and equal opportunity. We are proud to have developed an inclusive culture and respect the contribution of all employees regardless of gender, age, race, disability or sexual orientation.  Visa: Universal acceptance for everyone, everywhere is not only our brand promise, it’s the foundation of our company culture. Diversity and inclusion is a strategic imperative at Visa, and it requires equal pay for equal work. We regularly review our compensation practices and conduct thorough analyses to ensure pay equity. An inclusive workplace enhances and enriches our environment, successfully drives business results and leads to improved leadership effectiveness and employee engagement. We will continue to take meaningful steps to make progress in this important journey. And we’re proud to sign this pledge as way of affirming our commitment to pay equity for our female employees in the U.S. Prev Next You are here:   Home News National News White House Announces New Commitments to the Equal Pay Pledge Main Menu Imperial Valley News News Latest News Imperial Valley News California News National News Health News Sporting News Living and Lifestyle Career News World News Spanish - Espanol About Us Copyright Infringements Privacy Policy Contact Us Sitemap Web Links Latest News Women's Wellness: Having a heart attack The link between diabetes and pancreatic cancer Principles of healthy eating Functional fitness training: Is it right for you? Sudan's National Day Most Popular News Chicken Noodle Soup product recall Latin American authors reshaping world literature Governor Brown Issues Proclamation Declaring Harvey Milk Day The President and First Lady’s Call to Action on College Opportunity President Obama on the Confirmation of Sarah Saldaña as Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Back to Top © 2017 Imperial Valley News

null

SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Apple, Facebook and other tech giants sign White House pledge to pay women equally to men By Ethan Baron / August 26, 2016 at 5:51 PM Some of Silicon Valley’s biggest tech players have signed onto a pledge to pay women equally to men, the White House announced today. Apple, Facebook, Intel, LinkedIn, Dropbox and Akamai Technologies have put their names to the White House Equal Pay Pledge. Airbnb, Pinterest and Salesforce had signed on previously. “The typical woman working full-time all year in the United States only earns 79 percent of what a typical man working full-time all year earns,” the White House said. “While the gap has narrowed slightly over the past few years, there is much more work to be done to ensure fair pay for all.” In the White House press release, Apple said it had achieved gender equity in pay in the U.S. and was analyzing compensation of employees outside the country. Facebook said it pays men and women equally; Intel said the same. The other Silicon Valley firms that just signed the pledge said they reviewed the issue regularly. However, with women making up only about 30 percent of the workforce in major tech companies, achieving equal pay is only half the battle.   Photo: Apple CEO Tim Cook at Apple headquarters in Cupertino. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Airbnb, Akamai Technologies, Apple, dropbox, equal, equality, facebook, gender, Intel, linkedin, pay, pinterest, Salesforce, White House   More Posts in Big Tech Apple sued over girl’s death at hands of driver ‘distracted’ by FaceTime video call December 30, 2016   Apple eyes magnets to keep earphones from falling out December 29, 2016   Google’s Waymo self-driving car company now has Ford nipping at its heels December 28, 2016       Share this Post Tweet       Jim Dahmus So they are pledging to obey a law which has been on the books for about fifty years observer So Marissa Mayer’s 55 mil severance bonus when she leaves Yahoo is only 79% of what a male CEO would get?? I didn’t realize she was so oppressed. ConnieHinesDorothyProvine It’s about time! So Cal Guest Why are they doing this now? If they were good liberals always wouldn’t this be a non-story?     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Google HR chief Laszlo Bock leaving to launch startup Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg says he isn’t atheist,… Falling from the sky: Amazon Prime Air’s first… Apple sued over girl’s death at hands of driver… Facebook faces lawsuit over naked photo of 14-year-old girl     Archives Archives Select Month December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Oculus cooking up a VR containment system for room-scale Rift experiences Kevin Parrish Digital TrendsAugust 26, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share oculus vr room scale rift touch controller virtual realityMore For viewers to get totally immersed in a virtual world, they need to actually move around in the physical one. After all, what’s the point of exploring a fantasy realm if you’re glued to the seat of a virtual golf cart steered by a controller. To solve this limitation, Intel installed a RealSense sensor into the front of its Project Alloy headset for object detection within the physical space. This allow users to seemingly roam freely uncaged. The HTC Vive takes a different approach by employing virtual walls via external cameras to keep users caged within a specific physical space. Now, Oculus VR is reportedly working on a caged confinement system of its own for the Rift headset. In the case of the HTC Vive, the headset uses what Valve Software calls the “Chaperone” system. Before jumping into the virtual universe, users must clear a space in the desired room of up to 16 feet squared (6.5 feet by 5 feet at the very least). This physical space is thus tracked by two external cameras (base stations) that install barriers within the virtual realm. Thus, users can move about freely in the defined physical space without worrying about bumping into knee-bashing objects. Related: Oculus doesn’t think users will have room for room-scale virtual reality And that’s a big difference between the Vive and the Rift: The latter doesn’t officially support room-scale movement detection. The Rift comes packed with a single sensor meant for a desktop placement of up to three feet away from the headset. That setup definitely doesn’t scream “room-scale experience. As a result, customers looking for a full, out-of-the-box room-scale experience may bite the bullet and sink their hard-earned cash into the pricier HTC Vive. Oculus VR, however, unleashed an Oculus Home update at the end of July. This update sets users up for the upcoming Touch controller by increasing the Rift’s external sensor input from one individual unit to four units, as each Touch controller will come bundled with an additional sensor. There doesn’t seem to be any means to acquire additional sensor units outside the upcoming Touch bundles just yet. A recent report states that a system similar to HTC’s “Chaperone” method for the Vive is in the works over at Oculus VR. This version has reportedly been in the works for some time, and was first revealed at a conference back in June while Oculus VR founder Palmer Luckey hosted a four-player match of Dead & Buried that demonstrated the use of the upcoming Touch controller. “Palmer Luckey pulled me aside and asked if I had noticed anything peculiar about this particular build of the game,” reports Ben Lang. “After saying I hadn’t, he urged me to put the headset back on and then walk to my left. After few steps, I saw a horizontal floating line appear in front of me about stomach-height. As I traced it with my eyes to the left, I could see that it encompassed me entirely, appearing like a square with rounded corners.” This line, according to the report, blended into the overall Western theme of Dead & Buried, appearing as barbed wire. This little detail indicates that developers can shape these virtual boundaries to fit within specific experiences so that that users are completely immersed. The system provided with the HTC Vive, on the other hand, can be customized by the user. Unfortunately, that’s all we know about the upcoming system for the Rift. Additional details will likely be revealed at the company’s “Connect” developer conference in October. Zenimax alleges John Carmack stole documents to help Oculus develop Rift Oculus doesn't think users will have room for room-scale virtual reality The Rift now supports four sensors for improved room-scale VR Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News A theory that challenges Newton’s and Einstein’s gravity and nixes dark matter passed its first test Quartz Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
null
null
null
null
image/svg+xml MAGAZINE EVENTS PAPERS TOPICS GOVTECH 100 SEARCH Gov Tech Sacramento, Calif., Entices Another Bay Area Business to Relocate Parrable is one of several tech companies that have committed in recent months to locating in the Sacramento area versus the Bay Area, saying they were attracted in part by the region’s labor pool and lower overhead costs. by Dale Kasler, The Sacramento Bee / August 26, 2016 0 Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson (second from left) applauds his leadership team as he explains how the city will use its a new fund to invest in local companies and promote innovation. Matt Williams, TechWire (TNS) -- Sacramento is taking a fresh stab at poaching high-tech jobs from the Bay Area, marketing itself as an affordable but talent-rich locale for companies choking on the high cost of doing business in San Francisco and San Jose. The fledgling effort scored another success Wednesday, albeit a small one. Parrable, a 2-year-old San Francisco company whose technology platform enables advertisers to target customers online, will hire seven engineers next month. It expects to grow to 25 to 70 jobs in Sacramento within three years. The company will make Sacramento and San Francisco its “dual headquarters,” although the bulk of Parrable’s employment will be located in Sacramento. RELATEDSacramento, Calif., and Bay Area Make Pact to Lure Tech Companies Away from Competing States5 Traits of the Future of Civic InnovationSacramento, Calif., City Council Approves $10 Million Innovation Budget Parrable was lured to Sacramento after Chief Executive Carla Holtze bumped into Barry Broome, the Sacramento region’s chief economic development recruiter, at a networking event in San Francisco. She lamented her young company’s difficulties in hiring engineers in the Bay Area’s overpriced labor market. Broome and Mayor Kevin Johnson eventually sold her on Sacramento. Speaking Wednesday at a combination news conference/pep rally at, California State University, Sacramento, Holtze called Sacramento “a wonderful place to set up shop and hire engineers.” The news conference was held at Sacramento State because officials at the university are helping Parrable hire talent. She added that Sacramento’s “proximity to San Francisco is really important to us,” since Parrable didn’t want to stray too far from its hub of customers and business partners. The company will initially occupy space at I/O Labs, a 40,000-square-foot co-working space and business incubator located in a historic bank building at Seventh and J streets. Holtze’s reasoning dovetails with the technology strategy Broome is trying to implement at the Greater Sacramento Area Economic Council, the business recruiting organization founded by area executives in late 2014 at the mayor’s urging. In an interview, Broome said he’s trying to build a “technology cluster” with as many as 200 companies, many of them imported from the Bay Area, over the next decade. On the surface, at least, it’s reminiscent of Sacramento’s strategy in the 1980s and 1990s, when the region emphasized its low costs, billed itself as “Silicon Valley East” and succeeded in bringing thousands of jobs from the likes of Apple, Intel and Hewlett-Packard. The strategy worked, up to a point, and those companies remain significant employers in greater Sacramento. But over the years they’ve all transferred jobs from the area to other states, or to overseas locations, in an effort to ratchet down costs even more. Hewlett-Packard in particular is a sliver of its former self, although many of the cutbacks at its Roseville campus have been due to HP’s long-standing internal woes. Broome said the strategy developed by the Greater Sacramento organization has some critical differences with the earlier approach. It has less to do with cost savings and more to do with establishing Sacramento as a place where a tech company can hire top employees –and, yes, save a few dollars. To that end, the Greater Sacramento organization is putting less focus on trying to recruit satellite operations from companies like Google. Broome said the tech giants would just as soon open offices in tech hot spots like Austin, Texas, where costs are considerably lower than even Sacramento. Rather, Broome said, he’s trying to recruit Bay Area startups and small companies, which are less likely to make the leap all the way to Texas but can still find meaningful cost savings in Sacramento. The plan is to nurture the companies and hope that at least some of them blossom into mega-employers with roots in Sacramento. “This is not the strategy of the ’90s,” Broome said. “We’re not chasing the satellite office; we’re building the company.” While the cost differential with the Bay Area still matters, Broome said he’s emphasizing Sacramento’s skilled workforce. “Sacramento’s value proposition is talent, not cost,” he said. “Creativity, not cost.” Economic development experts say the new approach makes a lot more sense as Sacramento’s labor market has matured. “Sacramento is clearly a more substantive market,” said Jack Boyd of The Boyd Co., a New Jersey-based corporate relocation consultant. “When (companies) go to Sacramento, they’re not just going for the lower costs.” Parrable is one of several tech companies that have committed to the Sacramento area instead of the Bay Area in recent months, saying they were attracted in part by the region’s labor pool. Among them is Flippbox, a maker of hardware and software systems for managing mail and other documents. The company was founded in the Bay Area, moved to Florida, and now plans to move to Sacramento and hire 25 workers by early next year. Founder Randy Hucks said Flippbox has received 300 résumés – many of them from Sacramentans who are commuting to tech jobs in the Bay Area but want to work closer to home. “I’m entirely convinced the talent is there,” Hucks said this week. NRC Manufacturing, a small Fremont circuit-board maker that said in March it would build a major factory in Elk Grove, said this week it’s in the process of buying a 46,000-square-foot factory building. While the company expects to hire as many as 2,500 workers eventually, founder and majority owner Ratha Chea said this week that NRC will likely hire 50 workers in the next nine months. Chea said he insisted on building his factory in a place reasonably close to the Bay Area, even though states such as Nevada would have been cheaper than Elk Grove. “I don’t want to go that far,” he said. Parrable, the latest tech newcomer to Sacramento, already had ties to the area. Its lead investor is Folsom venture capital firm Moneta Ventures. “The potential – they could really grow in scale,” said Moneta’s managing director, Lokesh Sikaria. While Broome’s organization continues to recruit from the Bay Area, the city of Sacramento is putting cash on the line to help build up the tech sector. The City Council this summer approved creation of a $10 million Innovation and Growth Fund to make grants to incubators and startup companies. The first round of grants is expected to be announced soon. “We’ve been over-reliant on real estate and government jobs in Sacramento for too long,” Johnson said in introducing Holtze at the Sacramento State press event. The mayor hosted Parrable’s CEO at a Sacramento Kings game several months ago as part of the recruitment process. ©2016 The Sacramento Bee (Sacramento, Calif.) Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. RELATED Sacramento, Calif., and Bay Area Make Pact to Lure Tech Companies Away from Competing States 5 Traits of the Future of Civic Innovation Sacramento, Calif., City Council Approves $10 Million Innovation Budget 0 COMMENTS MORE FROM Gov Tech Sponsored Content Procurement Resources Presented by       City of Fort Worth Integrates eProcurement and ERP Public Procurement for the Postmodern ERP Era Modernizing Public Sector Procurement 4 Ways Procurement Has to Change in the Postmodern ERP Era The Real Reason you need to Improve Procurement The Argument for eProcurement Plus ERP Tweets by PeriscopeHldgs Papers You may also like Sacramento, Calif., and Bay Area Make Pact to Lure Tech Companies Away from Competing States MAGAZINE Government Technology December 2016 Read now Subscribe NEWSLETTER Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers. Subscribe PAPER A Quest for Transparency: Using Social Media to Build Citizen Trust Download © 2016 All rights reserved. e.Republic ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT ADVERTISE OUR NETWORK CENTER FOR DIGITAL EDUCATION CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT DIGITAL COMMUNITIES EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT FUTURESTRUCTURE PUBLIC CIO INNOVATION NATION LATEST ISSUE SUBSCRIBE
Skip to content Hackaday Primary Menu Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Submit About January 2, 2017 Intel Makes A Cool Robot Brain In Latest Attempt to Pry Hackers From Their Wallets 25 Comments by: Gerrit Coetzee August 26, 2016 Hackerboards got a chance to sit down with Intel’s latest attempt to turn hackers into a willing and steady revenue stream, the, “Euclid.” The board is cool in concept, a full mini computer with stereo cameras, battery, Ubuntu, and ROS nicely packaged together. We would be more excited if we knew how much it costs, but in principle the device is super cool. From a robotics research perspective it’s a sort of perfect package. ROS is a wonderful distributed and asynchronous robotic operating system, test, and development platform. The Intel developers designed this unit around the needs of ROS and it comes pre-installed on the camera. For those who haven’t used ROS before, this is a really cool feature. ROS is natively distributed. It really doesn’t care where the computer supplying its data lives. So, for example, if you already had a robot and wanted to add stereo vision to it. You could offload all the vision processing components of your existing ROS codebase to the Euclid and continue as if nothing changed. The other option is to use the board as the entire robot brain. It’s self contained with battery and camera. It’s a USB to serial connection away from supercharging any small robotics project. Unfortunately the board is still a demo, and based on Intel’s history, likely to be too expensive to lure ordinary hackers away from the RasPis and import cameras they already know how to hack together into more or less the same thing. Universities will likely be weak at the knees for such a development though. Posted in robots hacksTagged euclid, intel, robotics, ros, tools Post navigation ← From Project To Kit: The Final Furlong Books You Should Read: The Soul of A New Machine → 25 thoughts on “Intel Makes A Cool Robot Brain In Latest Attempt to Pry Hackers From Their Wallets” DougL says: August 26, 2016 at 8:58 am Here is an video of the release . Report comment Reply Rodney McKay says: August 26, 2016 at 9:09 am Since when has the ridiculous cost of something dulled a HaD writer’s excitement? GlowForge, OtherMill, Projecta… Report comment Reply Gerrit Coetzee says: August 26, 2016 at 9:13 am Hah. Well. Depends on execution and competition in the field. Othermill is exceedingly well executed and fills its niche well. A niche in which its price, quality, and feature set is appropriate. GlowForge is an attempt to bring something that is still fairly technical and very unpolished into the home safely. Just googled what Projecta is and it looks hella dumb, but the hackaday writers are not legion and A for effort I guess. Likewise, this is really cool, but most hackers have no aversion to spending money on the tools used to execute the project. They do have an aversion to the cost of components in the project. Despite this being fairly nonsensical, it exists and matters. Report comment Reply Rodney McKay says: August 26, 2016 at 9:23 am Indeed. It’s like having a $50,000 kitchen and using it to cook only hamburgers. Report comment Reply Jan Ciger (@janoc200) says: August 26, 2016 at 10:17 am I think you are underestimating hackers. People have no aversion to spending money on *good quality* tools, not any tools. People who are actually building stuff with them are not stupid and won’t buy an overpriced hipstery piece of junk only because “Whoa shiny!”. The Othermill is a good example of that – basically nobody knows about them, because they are so niche and so uber expensive that the value for a hobbyist or small scale production just isn’t there. They had to orient themselves towards selling to universities and schools, because there the person holding the wallet usually isn’t the one actually using (or even understanding) the product so an overpriced gadget is an easier sell there. Compare that with e.g. the Shapeoko router which is fairly well known and popular. And Intel – well, how many hardware/robotics projects are being published with Galileo, Edison, RealSense cameras, etc? Apart from the company sponsored demos and things like Ben Heck Show (where he gets the hw sponsored), there isn’t much – it is simply too expensive and complex to use (yay for crazy connectors requiring expensive carrier boards ..), especially when there are alternatives that can do 90% of what the Intel’s solution can do for 1/4 (or less) of the price and with less hassle. Intel has some amazing engineering there, that’s without question, however they don’t quite get the market they are trying to target. For schools it is unusable without the accompanying compendium of teaching material (few schools have the engineering resources to develop that themselves – especially when there is competition with well established ecosystem) and for individual hobbyists it is mostly a curiosity and nonstarter in most cases … Report comment Reply Rodney McKay says: August 26, 2016 at 10:31 am Were you replying to Gerrit, or to me? Neither of us said that hackers won’t spend money on good tools. Gerrit noted an aversion to paying for 𝘤𝘰𝘮𝘱𝘰𝘯𝘦𝘯𝘵𝘴, and I riffed on that (we’ll spend vast amounts of money on tools, then use those to work with crummy, knockoff parts—or hamburger instead of filet mignon). Report comment Reply bl says: August 26, 2016 at 11:30 am let’s see if intel’s new child, the curie chip, does anything serious in the market. its also not cheap to build with or to make things with (ignoring the arduino101 board since that’s a demo board and not meant to be directly embeddable). intel does not get the maker market. they keep trying – bless their hearts (lol) – but they miss every time. I suspect they won’t let the right people run the show and its *always* the same old ones that continue to be clueless about this space. Report comment Reply xorpunk says: August 26, 2016 at 11:22 am “robot brain”? How so? Have fun coding machine learning that actually does things new.. Report comment Reply robert says: August 26, 2016 at 11:41 am Intel are in no way trying to pry hackers from their wallets – I wouldn’t be surprised if they turned out to be selling these under cost – they’re trying to pry hackers away from ARM. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 11:45 am It’s weird though, like Mercedes trying to wean you away from Hyundai with a free steering wheel mitt. Report comment Reply xorpunk says: August 26, 2016 at 12:57 pm Yep.. About time for CISC to be RISC again.. TI and the others are way too controlling. Just look at the way they hide security features and only sale old AP tech to hobbyists.. Intel implements SSE4 and other recent tech and micro-architecture in hobbyist products and ARM IPs will be worth nothing within two-years.. Report comment Reply xorpunk says: August 26, 2016 at 1:07 pm If Intel really wanted to they could just bust out optical buses.. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 2:40 pm Pshaw, optical indeed, everyone knows real robot brains are positronic. Report comment Reply Matt says: August 26, 2016 at 9:05 pm IIRC, they have demoed QPI over optical via silicon photonics. Lightpeak was originally PCIe + video over an optical link. The ambition is there, but the tech isn’t quite ready yet. Report comment Reply xorpunk says: August 27, 2016 at 10:35 am I only mention optical silicon buses because they have exponential bus throughput and Intel is the only vendor with it past the R&D stage Report comment Reply Theo Themistokleous says: August 26, 2016 at 1:53 pm “INTEL MAKES A COOL ROBOT BRAIN IN LATEST ATTEMPT TO PRY HACKERS FROM THEIR WALLETS” Christ almighty, is this a tech blog or a tabloid? @Gerrit Coetzee Again with the marketing man… “We would be more excited if we knew how much it costs, but in principle the device is super cool.” You’re again “showing off” something “Super cool” and saying its the next best thing to sliced bread. I mean i we look back there was : Othermill, Glowfordge, Mosaic, projecta, etc “For those who haven’t used ROS before, this is a really cool feature” ROS is a feature? Are you kidding me? You can run that on a 20 dollar Pi, or a $40 Hard Kernel board, are you sure you’re not being paid off? You realize you’re sounding a lot like a shill again. “Universities will likely be weak at the knees for such a development though” Great. Maybe talk about that and why its a BAD thing for education raise some questions about the commodification of North American education and its accessibility with respect to new technologies. All you’re doing is contributing to hype again with little to no facts. If there’s a demo where’s the bench marks compared to say a Pi or other small boards. All you’ve written in short form is the following Here’s this piece of tech. It was a demo. We do not know price This looks super cool (no data) This looks super cool because of ROS ROS is useful for robots Intel is terrible at trying to penetrate this market Universities will eat this up instead because (?) (10 points) Seriously has HAD writing degraded to this? Report comment Reply billfong9691 says: August 26, 2016 at 4:15 pm mooltipass? Report comment Reply Mike says: August 26, 2016 at 5:43 pm Theo. Open your mind. Adding this Realsense device to a robot is just what us roboticians want/need. Who wants to buy a Pi and spend months building a robot? I’d rather have something that comes close that I can modify. I will pay lots to save that kind of time. The Intel robot will be sold next year. Hey, Intel is a bit clunky, but they’re bringing out cooler stuff (drones, Euclid, Curie) than others out there (Freescale, NXP, TI) Hackaday rocks. They bring us cool technology that hackers and makers would like to either use or know about. I read HAD every day. What other site does this so well? Reddit? Meh. Report comment Reply xorpunk says: August 27, 2016 at 10:39 am It’s a “robot brain” as much as anything with an ARM chip and sensors is.. That’s not an iphone it’s a pocket-AI Report comment Reply tekkieneet says: August 26, 2016 at 2:30 pm It is vaporware as there isn’t even a price for it. So talking about that is kind of meaningless for people who won’t have one for a while. Wait until there is a more detailed specs, MSRP and distributors, then write about it. :P It is just a PC on a stick + battery pack + cameras and ROS. Nothing too special about it. Report comment Reply op says: August 26, 2016 at 4:19 pm Cool demo, much cheaper with cmucam (albeit color tracking only): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuFit9T5gz4 Report comment Reply francois otis says: August 27, 2016 at 2:03 am Is this article an attempt to assimilate hacking with putting together finished products ? Where is the pride when 90% of your project is accomplished by Intel ? What’s the thrill in pressing a power button ? Report comment Reply snazzajazz says: August 27, 2016 at 1:35 pm Tell that to the software guys (who hate hardware). Just because the hardware is done, doesn’t mean it is finished by any means. Report comment Reply alxy says: August 27, 2016 at 10:02 pm Intel has failed in mobile and has yet to show any IoT (or “hacker friendly”/”community friendly”) device worth looking at. If they cannot sell these things at at prices comparable to a Raspberry Pi Zero, Orange Pi, or ESP8266 (sub $20 shipped), then they’re yet another silicon valley tech company making products for hipsters and unicorns. With so many fails and a slowly dying cash cow (x86), it’s also almost certain Intel will layoff way more than 12,000 in the years to come. Report comment Reply Ką Mykolas? says: August 30, 2016 at 5:34 pm ROS is not an operating system. And sadly, it’s not that wonderful. In my opinion it’s giant and unmaintainable beast best suited for non-techies and/or toying on powerful enough machines. I wish only thing, that Intel with it’s RealSense would properly fill the gap in affordable stereo-vision field with proper Linux support. Report comment Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search Search for: Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe If you missed it 33C3: Works for Me 19 Comments Reflow Soldering at Another Level 15 Comments 2016: As The Hardware World Turns 22 Comments The Story of Kickstarting the OpenMV 29 Comments How To Nail A Technical Presentation 46 Comments More from this category CategoriesCategories Select Category 3d Printer hacks Android Hacks Arduino Hacks ARM Ask Hackaday ATtiny Hacks Beer Hacks blackberry hacks Business car hacks Cellphone Hacks chemistry hacks classic hacks clock hacks cnc hacks computer hacks cons contests cooking hacks Crowd Funding Curated Current Events digital audio hacks digital cameras hacks downloads hacks drone hacks Engine Hacks Engineering Fail of the Week Featured Fiction firefox hacks FPGA g1 hacks google hacks gps hacks green hacks Hackaday Columns Hackaday links Hackaday Store Hackerspaces HackIt handhelds hacks hardware History Holiday Hacks home entertainment hacks home hacks how-to Interest internet hacks Interviews iphone hacks ipod hacks Kindle hacks Kinect hacks laptops hacks laser hacks led hacks lifehacks linux hacks lockpicking hacks macs hacks major tom Medical hacks Microcontrollers misc hacks multitouch hacks musical hacks netbook hacks Network Hacks news nintendo ds hacks nintendo gameboy hacks nintendo hacks nintendo wii hacks Nook Hacks Original Art palm pre hacks parts peripherals hacks phone hacks playstation hacks podcasts portable audio hacks portable video hacks psp hacks radio hacks rants Raspberry Pi repair hacks Retrotechtacular reviews robots hacks roundup security hacks Skills slider Software Development software hacks solar hacks tablet pcs hacks teardown Tech Hacks The Hackaday Prize tool hacks toy hacks transportation hacks Uncategorized video hacks Virtual Reality weapons hacks wearable hacks Weekly roundup wireless hacks xbox hacks Our Columns Hackaday Links: The 2017 One 19 Comments Mike Szczys on the State of the Hackaday 70 Comments Fail Of The Week: How I Killed The HiPot Tester 16 Comments Open Source Art Encourages Society to Think Inclusively 56 Comments In Defense Of The Electric Chainsaw 93 Comments More from this category Recent comments zardoz711 on PSA: Don’t Let Kids Eat Lithium Batteries Machinehum on RooBee One, an open-source SLA/DLP 3D printer Barry Woods on A Singing Arc Lighter localroger on Retrocomputing for $4 with a Z80 metai on OWL Insecure Internet of Energy Monitors reboots on Reflow Soldering at Another Level JIm B on Atari Now Runs Java, Thankfully Doesn’t Require Constant Updates ian on Atari Now Runs Java, Thankfully Doesn’t Require Constant Updates joe_7 on Atari Now Runs Java, Thankfully Doesn’t Require Constant Updates TheRegnirps on Gravity Simulations With An FPGA Now on Hackaday.io Jesse has updated the project titled MicroPort. Adam Guilmet wrote a comment on project log Hacking the ISI-100A Electron Microscope - Scanning Coils and Stigmator. ILL WILL liked Raspberry Pi portable workbench(Project Christoph). Frédérik Berthiaume has added a new project titled Michelson Interferometer. Eric LK liked A 4$, 4ICs, Z80 homemade computer on breadboard. Mark Sherman has updated instructions for the project titled tinygames. Ted Yapo wrote a reply on project log Official Contest Entry Log. Mark Sherman has updated details to tinygames. Yann Guidon / YGDES wrote a comment on project log Official Contest Entry Log. Matthew Carlson wrote a reply on PiBoy 64. Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Video Submit a tip About Contact us Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe to Newsletter Copyright © 2017 | Hackaday, Hack A Day, and the Skull and Wrenches Logo are Trademarks of Hackaday.com Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home Changelog Downloads More on TrueOS TrueOS Pico Our Team Handbook Blog Select Page Features What Makes TrueOS® Different? What makes TrueOS different? TrueOS is based on the legendary security and stability of FreeBSD. TrueOS follows FreeBSD-CURRENT, with the latest drivers, security updates, and packages available. Also, our brand new driver package brings in support for newer Intel graphics chipsets and hardware. We pride ourselves on providing industry leading features like PersonaCrypt, which allows encrypting your user home directory and carrying it to other TrueOS machines. TrueOS also supports GELI full disk encryption, keeping your data secure even in the case of physical theft. So go ahead and give us a try. If you hit any snags along the way, we are glad to help. TrueOS is built on top of FreeBSD to make the best desktop possible by bringing in these amazing system level additions: TrueOS uses LibreSSL for everything Full clang functionality built from ports TrueOS upgrades use boot environments and never touch your live system Linux DRM 4.7 (Supports modern Intel graphics – Broadwell, Skylake) Ports and packages compiled with more options What Happened to PC-BSD®? Many are very familiar with the name PC-BSD and may be wondering why we changed the name. Although it’s a household name for so many, the developers realized this was a time for a new name that would better convey our message. Lead developer Kris Moore had this to say: “We’ve already been using TrueOS for the server side of PC-BSD, and it made sense to unify the names. PC-BSD doesn’t reflect server or embedded well. TrueOS Desktop/Server/Embedded can be real products, avoids some of the alphabet soup, and gives us a more catchy name.” One important lesson learned from going to conferences is that people can have a hard time remembering the acronym that makes up our name, which is not a good place to start with marketing a product. We’re confident the TrueOS name will allow people to quickly identify the project. Subsequently, we will be able to convey our brand message in a better and more unified way. Safe and Secure Let’s face it – Data security is one of the most complex issues an operating system has to deal with to keep users safe. That’s why at the TrueOS project we’ve gone above and beyond to ensure you have all the utilities you need to keep your systems safe and secure. Using GELI full disk encryption with PersonaCrypt will allow users to make a portable, but fully encrypted home directory on a removable USB drive that can be moved between TrueOS systems. This allows you the freedom of having all of your data with you no matter what computer system you are using. We use LibreSSL, which is widely known and used within OpenBSD, to secure our code base and increase base level security. Go ahead and rest easy, TrueOS has you covered. SysAdm™ Remote Management SysAdm provides a new way to manage your Server, Desktop or Cloud-based systems. By exposing an API via encrypted REST or WebSockets, it is now possible to remotely control all aspects of your machine, including management of software, updates, boot environments, users, backups, and more. SysAdm is the answer for companies looking for a low cost, yet scalable solution that easily manages different segments of IT infrastructure to keep things running smoothly. TrueOS has now embedded all local and remote control panel functionality into SysAdm so you can easily find and adjust any configurable system element from one place. The OpenZFS File System The OpenZFS file system is the next evolution of file systems. The revolutionary design of ZFS incorporates copy-on-write and self-healing elements to provide rock-solid reliability. However, boot environments really make this file system shine. With boot environments, you can quickly snapshot your system configuration at any given time. If something goes wrong while performing an update, or you edited a configuration file you shouldn’t have, don’t worry! Simply use the built-in rollback functionality to go back to the previous boot environment and be on your way. OpenZFS provides built-in software RAID without the need for expensive hardware controllers. ©Copyright 2017 iXsystems, Inc.| All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | All trademarks appearing herein are subject to the terms of the iXsystems, Inc. Trademark Policy
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. RadeonSI OpenGL Performance Has Evolved A Lot Since Early 2015 Written by Michael Larabel in Display Drivers on 26 August 2016. Page 1 of 4. 8 Comments Yesterday I posted some benchmarks showing how the AMDGPU / R9 Fury performance has jumped up in the past few months just since the April release of Ubuntu 16.04 LTS. For those wondering how the open-source AMD OpenGL performance has evolved over the longer term, I took a Radeon R9 270X graphics card and re-did tests going back to Ubuntu 15.04 for looking at the RadeonSI Gallium3D performance for the past year and a half. For this Friday Linux benchmarking fun was re-testing Ubuntu 15.04, 15.10, 16.04, and 16.04 + Mesa Git + Linux 4.8 for seeing how the performance has evolved on the same system going back to early 2015. The same Intel Xeon E3-1280 v5 Skylake system with Radeon R9 270X graphics card was used for all of the testing. The R9 270X was used since it had worked fine on the open-source driver stack going back to early 2015 unlike the late AMDGPU support with Tonga and FIji, or like in the case of the Radeon R9 290 where it's been in a recently regressed state on the open-source driver code. I couldn't go back any further in my testing as Ubuntu 14.10 was running into a DRM error from dpm_set_power_state with this graphics card on the 14.10 stock kernel. Each Ubuntu release was tested out-of-the-box with its Linux kernel, Mesa, and X.Org Server from its time period. All of the system/hardware settings were maintained the same; Ubuntu 15.04 used the CPUFreq driver over P-State which is why its CPU frequency is reported differently. Following the Ubuntu 16.04 LTS tests, tests were done using the Linux 4.8 Git kernel along with Mesa Git + LLVM SVN via the Padoka PPA. All of the OpenGL tests in this article were conducted in a fully-automated manner using the open-source Phoronix Test Suite. Due to only Ubuntu 16.04 getting OpenGL 4.1+ support, the tests were limited to OpenGL 3 compliant tests in order to run on the distributions going back to Ubuntu 15.04. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - Open-Source Radeon BenchmarksPage 3 - Open-Source Radeon BenchmarksPage 4 - Open-Source Radeon Benchmarks Page: 1234Next Page 8 Comments Related Articles AMDGPU-PRO 16.50 vs. Mesa 13.1-dev + Linux 4.9 Radeon OpenGL AMDGPU-PRO 16.50 Rolls Out With GCN 1.0 Support, FreeSync Intel Iris Pro OpenGL vs. Vulkan Benchmarks With Linux 4.9, Mesa 13.1-dev NVIDIA vs. AMDGPU-PRO vs. RadeonSI OpenGL Comparison For Holidays 2016 Editorial: Using NVIDIA On Linux For The First Time In 10 Years Trending Linux News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest VC4 Gallium3D Lands Some Minor Optimizations, 2016 Was Great For This RPi 3D Driver The Most Viewed Linux Kernel News Stories Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Unfiltered Opinion      Why It Is Well Past Time To Take The Hack Harassment Pledge Related Content Topic :  LinkedIn  Networking with trusted professional contacts Blog :  Study Outlines Trends in Successful Online Communities Article :  Social Media Pitfalls and How to Avoid Them Why It Is Well Past Time to Take the Hack Harassment Pledge Rob Enderle |   Unfiltered Opinion   |   Posted 26 Aug, 2016          |         |     Share The 5 Essential Traits of Digital Innovators I’ve been in the technology segment for most of my life and take pride in the fact that I’ve touched and mostly improved a wide range of products. It is hard to watch the attacks on Leslie Jones and not feel like far too many people are corrupting our hard work, turning products we developed to enrich people’s lives into tools used to hurt them instead. After Gamergate, we instituted the Hack Harassment Pledge (#HackHarassment Pledge), which was supposed to be a process where we all stood up in defense of someone like Jones when an attack occurred. To say that our response was disappointing would be an understatement. So, as we end the week, I thought I’d remind everyone that we need to stand together against malicious online behavior, or the social networks, forums and other electronic places we gather will be at risk of directed regulation. Homeland Security is now involved and it tends to hit problems with an overly big stick. Let’s revisit why we set up the Hack Harassment Pledge and why we all should live by it if we want relatively free and open social networks and forums. Gamergate At the heart of this effort was Gamergate, which branded much of the industry surrounding video games unfavorably. In effect, a woman who had dared to break up with her boyfriend was publicly shamed on a massive scale, doing heavy damage to not only the image of the technology segment but pretty much every guy who played or coded games. Intel got caught in the middle by making a really bad decision and backing the wrong side as a result. So, partially to make up for this, it backed an industry-wide effort and asked all of us involved in technology to take the Hack Harassment Pledge. The idea was that this was our mess as an industry and we should all stand firm in an effort to correct the behavior of a few misguided and somewhat sociopathic individuals. Hack Harassment Pledge The Hack Harassment Pledge goes as follows: Online harassment has become a pervasive and often vicious problem with real-life repercussions.  It has significant negative consequences for the wellbeing and safety of individuals and for the success of digital communities. Everyone – regardless of their identity, background, or beliefs – is entitled to an online world where they are treated with respect and are free from harassment. In order to build a safer, smarter, and more inclusive experience online, I will recognize when harassment is occurring, responsibly speak up against it, and support those experiencing it by: Abiding by and upholding the same standards and values online that are expected offline and excepting that my online behavior has real-life consequences.  Valuing and supporting diverse perspectives, backgrounds, and opinions. Actively participating in the movement to decrease the prevalence and intensity of online harassment.” Generally living up to it means standing with people, even those you may not agree with, when they are attacked unreasonably and personally. This is not only the core of our concept of free speech but it is likely the only way we’ll prevent what could be be a massive government over-reaction should these attacks result in some kind of massive violent response. Wrapping Up: Why I #StandWithLeslie This post is part of my effort to personally fulfill the pledge I made some time ago to stand with people like Leslie Jones. My only regret is that I waited too long to realize that the attacks on her qualified for the Hack Harassment Pledge. All I ask is that you take a look at the Hack Harassment pledge and find it in your heart to take and live by it. At the very least, don’t allow yourself to become part of this problem. Tech should be full of joy, excitement, and discovery and shouldn’t be a tool used to take the sparkle out of anyone’s eyes. I hope you’ll join me in my #StandWithLeslie. I truly regret I didn’t stand up sooner.     Rob Enderle is President and Principal Analyst of the Enderle Group, a forward-looking emerging technology advisory firm.  With over 30 years’ experience in emerging technologies, he has provided regional and global companies with guidance in how to better target customer needs; create new business opportunities; anticipate technology changes; select vendors and products; and present their products in the best possible light. Rob covers the technology industry broadly. Before founding the Enderle Group, Rob was the Senior Research Fellow for Forrester Research and the Giga Information Group, and held senior positions at IBM and ROLM. Follow Rob on Twitter @enderle, on Facebook and on Google+. Save Save Save          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Aug 28, 2016 11:07 AM nan  says: Anyone who will take the time to read that text will already regard all of it as normal human behaviour. Let alone someone who'll "pledge" to it. If hackers are going to pledge to something, let it be real provable privacy by consent and security by intent in everything we do. Where we fail is design, often by backing down on part of it. Software design isn't legislation; secure software isn't made by compromise. Reply Sep 1, 2016 11:11 AM Scott  says: The pledge should include not participating by viewing hacked info. When you look at the hacked nude selfies, however superstitiously, you make yourself part of the harassment. Sadly, point #2 of the pledge is drivel. "Diversity" has no value until you know what the diversity is! Examples along the value spectrum: I have a beautiful religion/race/culture/etc. (positive.) If you are not part of my religion/race/culture/etc., I believe bad things will happen to you (neutral, maybe need more info?) If you are not part of my religion/race/culture/etc., I will do bad things to you (negative.) Reply Sep 5, 2016 10:24 AM 3mbersparks  says: "a woman who had dared to break up with her boyfriend was publicly shamed on a massive scale" You do realize that he was the one who broke up with her, right? He cut things off after she lied about getting an STD test since her last relationship. The thing he wrote is publicly available for anyone to read. The "moral question" around his actions is whether it was okay for him to publicly post about his negative experiences with her, or if sharing his experiences would cause her harm. I guess that's kind of the problem I have with Hack Harassment Pledge. It's not going to protect EVERYONE from harassment, just the people with enough connections and platform to spin the attacks against them as "unreasonable". You say that this may involve standing up for people you disagree with, but let's be honest: you wouldn't stand up against vitriol directed toward someone like Bill Cosby, since you'd just see it as understandable anger toward his wrongdoing. This "oath to stand against harassment" seems an awful lot like an excuse to harass whoever you think deserves it. There IS a need for something like this, but what you present here's just a tool for powerful people to defend themselves. Reply Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
All IT News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics IT News Topics Listed by Top IT Topics IT News Topics Listed by Products and Solutions All Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors IT Community Professionals All IT Vendors All IT News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics IT News Topics Listed by Top IT Topics IT News Topics Listed by Products and Solutions All Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors IT Community Professionals All IT Vendors Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Internet of Things Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources Citrix Ready Podcasts with Douglas Brown DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Infographics On-Demand Webinars and Webcasts Software Downloads VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 White Papers Events EUC Virtual – Delivering the Digital Workspace with VMwar Your Settings Logout Search DABCC Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Submit Article to IT News Home Applications Simplicity, speed and value, oh my! How HPE Hyper Converged 380 rises above other vendor’s solutions Simplicity, speed and value, oh my! How HPE Hyper Converged 380 rises above other vendor’s solutions August 26, 2016 HP Enterprise 0 0 more  now viewing Simplicity, speed and value, oh my! How HPE Hyper Converged 380 rises above other vendor’s solutions August 26, 2016 HP Enterprise now playing Citrix: Using Windows Server Containers in Windows Server 2016 with XenServer 7.0 August 26, 2016 HP Enterprise now playing Why Upgrade to VMware vCloud Director 8.10, Part 2 - Architecture August 26, 2016 HP Enterprise now playing Benny Tritsch's Professional Year 2016 in Review - Part 1 August 26, 2016 HP Enterprise now playing VMware Talks What’s Coming in 2017? Here’s What the VMware Magic 8 Ball Says August 26, 2016 HP Enterprise now playing Cohesity DataPlatform Service Integration with VMware vRealize Automation August 26, 2016 HP Enterprise now playing What are RMM Tools? Which RMM Software is Best in Industry? August 26, 2016 HP Enterprise now playing Cohesity's DataPlatform File Interface Presentation Services August 26, 2016 HP Enterprise now playing VMware: 5 Data Center Trends to Look for in 2017 August 26, 2016 HP Enterprise now playing Metalogix and Orthology Enable Theotokos Foundation to Streamline Microsoft Office 365 Management, Data Protection, Backup and Disaster Recovery August 26, 2016 HP Enterprise now playing AWS Cost Explorer Update - Reserved Instance Utilization Report August 26, 2016 HP Enterprise You may have heard about the newest hyperconverged solution from Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), the HPE Hyper Converged 380 (HC 380) powered by Intel®. The HC 380 is an all-in-one compute, software-defined storage and intelligent virtualization solution that is cloud and composable ready. It is designed to provide intuitive automation, federated lifecycle management and intelligence from analytics and affordability. A hyperconverged solution that lets you deploy applications at cloud-like speeds, simplify IT operations and reduce costs. Need more simplicity? Built on the HPE ProLiant DL380, the world’s best-selling server, the HPE Hyper Converged 380 provides proven architecture for virtualization and cloud. From power on to provisioning in 90 minutes, the simplified interface of the HC 380 allows you to get up and running quicker without the need of a specialists to do this for you. It’s simple…and you can provision VMs with 5 easy clicks using a very intuitive user interface. And to make it even easier you can even deploy, manage and provision those VMs on the go from your own smart phone! The design of the HPE Hyper Converged 380 ensures that VM deployment is intuitive; no manual processes are needed. For example, with only a few clicks, you will be deploying your virtual machines at cloud speed. You can even add compute and storage capacity in 15 minutes. All this results with you being able to respond to your business needs faster and stay ahead of requirements as opposed to falling behind. Read the entire article here, Simplicity, speed and value, oh my! How HPE Hyper Converged 380 rises above other vendor’s solutions via the fine folks at HP Enterprise. Tweet  Follow @DABCC More Resources: You May Also Like: tags: Business Analytics HP Proliant Hyper-Converged Infrastructure IT Automation Lifecycle Management Software Defined Storage Software-Defined Categories: Applications Cloud Computing Data Center Management Storage previous Citrix & Microsoft On-Demand Webinar: Making Cloud Simpler, Business Faster next My Cloud Learning Journey: Part 8 & "The Big Picture" HP Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise is an industry leading technology company that enables customers to go further, faster. With the industry's most comprehensive portfolio, spanning the cloud to the data center to workplace applications, our technology and services help customers around the world make IT more efficient, more productive and more secure. | LATEST RESOURCES White Papers VMware App Volumes 2.12 Deployment Considerations White Paper This deployment considerations guide describes VMware App Volumes™ capabilities, architecture, and implementation requirements and addresses frequently asked high-level questions about deploying an App Volumes solution. The example setting for this deployment is a View virtual desktop environment in VMware Horizon® 7. App Volumes Overview App Volumes is a real-time application-delivery and life-cycle-management tool. Enterprises can […] read more Tricerat Simplify Printing Datasheet Best Practices: Comprehensive Print Management Across a Healthcare Environment White Paper New SMSPassword White Paper Tricerat ScrewDrivers Printing Solution Datasheet Downloads Download Extrasphere 2.0 – Tools for Managing VM Data in VMware vSphere Environments Extrasphere is a set of services for managing VM data in vSphere environments, including VM migration, HotMirror (replication with zero RPO) and HotClone features. HotMirror The purpose of this feature is to get a mirror (replica) virtual machine on the same or different ESXi 5.5+ host for the protected machine. It can be used with […] read more Free Tool! SPDocKit Pulse – Autodiscover SharePoint Farms and Servers Microsoft Assessment and Planning Toolkit Download Citrix Load & Performance Testing – Download AppLoader! Download AppEnsure Free Application Response Time And Throughput In Virtualized And Cloud Environments On-Demand Webinars How to automate your server environment with PowerShell management Last week, Silvio and Frane held a webinar on the subject of PowerShell usage in server management, and in this blog post we bring you a recap of all the things you can do with a new SysKit feature—PowerShell administration. So for those of you who aren’t familiar with our server monitoring and administration tool, […] read more Mobile Device Management – Overcoming the challenges faced by your mobile enterprise – On-Demand Webinar Understanding Cloud File Services: Why You Need Them and What Are Your Options? – On-Demand Webinar PowerShell usage in Server Management – On-Demand Webinar SQLDocKit On-Demand Webinar: Auditing of Database Permissions, SQL Server BI services inventory, and more View All White Papers >> View All Downloads >> View All On-Demand Webinars >> Latest Videos VMware Video: Herning and VMware have cooperated closely for over a decade to virtualize the city’s infrastructure Since 2003, Herning has cooperated closely with VMware on a radical move from using physical servers to being almost 100% virtualized. The development has meant easier administration, lower costs, more efficient use of resources, savings and a future-proof IT setup. Next phase in the partnership is network virtualization. From the fine folks at VMware NSX. read more VMware Video: VMware Cloud Foundation – Imaging Preparation VMware Video: VMware Cloud Foundation – Imaging the Primary Rack Citrix Video: A good user experience will lead to a good admin experience All IT Community News Search for: Understanding Citrix Login Upcoming Webinars 04 Jan Troubleshoot & Fix Common Citrix Issues - Logons – Sessions – Printing – Profiles - Live Webinar 12:30pm – 1:30pm On this free live webinar, a Citrix Virtualization Expert show... 05 Jan How to Proactively Manage the Entire Citrix End User Experience - Live Webinar 12:30pm – 1:30pm On this use case heavy webinar you’ll see how IT... 06 Jan Live Epic & Citrix End User Experience Webinar 12:30pm – 1:30pm Live Epic & Citrix End User Experience Webinar – How... 18 Jan Totally Awesome User Experience - Simplivity + Liquidware Labs Webinar 12:00pm – 1:00pm Part of the User Experience is ensuring users are happy,... 18 Jan CUGC User Share Webinar: NetScaler Automation - Talking NITRO with PowerShell 1:00pm – 2:00pm As deployments get complex and thousands of devices are being... View all Upcoming Events >> NEW in VMware EUC! Trending Resources VMware vCloud Air: 2016 Year in Review New Year's Resolution: Learn Docker Cisco: The impact on network security through encrypted protocols - HTTP/2 Benny Tritsch's Professional Year 2016 in Review - Part 1 Microsoft Intune and Citrix NetScaler integration Citrix: The Top 10 Citrix Blog Posts of 2016 SkySync / Citrix Ready - Integrating On-Premises Storage with ShareFile Podcast – Episode 267 Try Ericom AcccessNow HTML5 In Browser RDP Access - Easy to use and simple setup! Featured Resources Devolutions 2016 Year in Review – Part 2 January 2, 2017 Devolutions 2016 Year in Review – Part 1 January 2, 2017 Looking back on the 2016 IT Industry Predictions January 2, 2017 2017 IT Industry Predictions December 28, 2016 How to automate your server environment with PowerShell management December 28, 2016 Imprivata and Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity Deliver Efficient and Secure Sign on Solutions for Healthcare December 28, 2016 IT News on iPhone IT News on Android DABCC Radio on iTunes DABCC Radio on iPhone Copyright 1999-2017 DABCC, Inc. Submit Mobile Apps About Contact Us Sitemap RSS Close Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Internet of Things Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources Citrix Ready Podcasts with Douglas Brown DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Infographics On-Demand Webinars and Webcasts Software Downloads VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 White Papers Events EUC Virtual – Delivering the Digital Workspace with VMwar Your Settings Logout Search DABCC Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Submit Article to IT News Share this video Never miss the news... Get IT Community Resources straight to your inbox! Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site! https://www.dabcc.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: 'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? NEWS & ANALYSIS: Nokia Hits Apple With Patent Suits NEWS & ANALYSIS: Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles NEWS & ANALYSIS: SK Hynix to Build Wafer Fab in South Korea NEWS & ANALYSIS: Korea Fines Q'comm Nearly $1B NEWS & ANALYSIS: IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017 Slideshow 19 Views of Hot Chips Rick Merritt 8/26/2016 08:00 AM EDT 1 Comment NO RATINGS 2 saves Login to Rate Tweet CUPERTINO, Calif. – The annual Hot Chips event here reflected a semiconductor industry moving rapidly in multiple directions with a lot of energy pouring into machine learning, smarter cars and novel sensors. A handful of talks showed the massive mobile sector is clearly still doing great work but advances seem more incremental. Microprocessors, the traditional center of the event, was still very much present with Intel describing Skylake while IBM announced Power 9 and AMD unveiled its Zen x86 core. Heated competition in cloud computing continued to drive significant silicon efforts. Traditional players such as Intel showed how it is becoming more vertically integrated as a result of acquisitions while new upstarts such as China’s Phytium emerged. Perhaps the best news of all came from a handful of talks by young people in or emerging from academia. Their smarts and energy are fuel for the future. Next page: Machine learning schooled on power Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 13 Next > More Related Links Wi-Fi Expands with .11ax at CES Drone Detection: An Interesting RF Challenge Korea Fines Qcomm Nearly $1B Computing Got Colorful in 2016 2017 Predictions, Networking Edition Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank CEO .... realjjj   8/26/2016 9:23:25 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate "In a keynote talk, Daniel L. Rosenband, who leads the compute team for Google's self-driving car, called for a 14/16nm processor that could crank 16-bit floating point jobs at five tera-operations/second." It's somewhat encouraging that he's not asking for a few times more.  With a Parker SoC (1.5 TFLOPs) + a medium sized discrete GPU it could be done in 100W. Not ideal but they don't need production hardware today. If their requirements don't go up , costs and power would become rather favorable in a couple of years. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 1/3/2017 2:15:49 AM GeniusEE You guys need to refuse coverage of any gonadless chip announcement that does not include 1K budgetary pricing. With $10,000 FPGA chips at Digikey, not sure if I should care about... 1/3/2017 2:15:49 AM GeniusEE You guys need to refuse coverage of any gonadless chip announcement that does not include 1K budgetary pricing. With $10,000 FPGA chips at Digikey, not sure if I should care about... 1/3/2017 1:58:25 AM GeniusEE "That's an easy one...just shy of 11 bits" 1/3/2017 12:28:30 AM Bert22306 It could be that people idolize, or want to emulate, or wish they could be, whatever they can understand. If you talk to the average "person on the street," it is surprising what... 1/2/2017 9:28:58 PM David Ashton @Crusty...happy new year....if you're looking at new scopes then do bear in mind the experiences of the late Glen Chenier (bless his cotton socks...wish he was still with us): http://www.edn.com/electronics-blogs/test-voices/4435528/The-scope-from-Hell- He... 1/2/2017 9:02:06 PM Kevin Neilson I'd say a supermodel is one who can earn a large income well past normal earning years based on recognition and not on inherent "value".  Gisele Bündchen earned around... 1/2/2017 7:13:24 PM realjjj Supermodel might be a Victoria Secret marketing term at this point in time but not quite sure as i'm not even mildly familiar with that circus. This summer ahead of the Olympics,... 1/2/2017 6:44:36 PM perl_geek Assuming we're dealing with quadcopters here, (Predators being a different proposition altogether), I would expect they're going to be astonishingly noisy in RF. 4 cheap electric... 1/2/2017 6:09:18 PM RadioGraybeard A drone can be anything from an under $500 RC hobby toy to a military UAV with the wingspan of a Boeing 757.  I think the problems of looking for them vary with the size... 1/2/2017 6:07:04 PM Crusty1 Hi David; I am on the look out for an new DSO, my OWON 25MHz DSO is still good, but with the clock speeds that I am using, evan as an amateur, it looks like 100MHz is the order... Navigate to Related Links Wi-Fi Expands with .11ax at CES Drone Detection: An Interesting RF Challenge Korea Fines Qcomm Nearly $1B Computing Got Colorful in 2016 2017 Predictions, Networking Edition Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest January 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Rosy Resolutions" "Your caption here!" 1 Comment All Cartoons November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus It was a seamless transition from Senior Principal Engineer to Museum Curator. 94 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  47   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  46   Half-Ton Megaprocessor is Finally Finished  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  36   I Got an Uber-Cool Badge and a Mega-Cool ...  34   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  31   Could Engineers be Accused of Killing Jobs?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  29   Deep Thoughts Regarding the Bodacious Brain  28   Replacing Tantalum Bypass Capacitors with ...  28   The Time Has Come to Build My Own ...  5   Korea Fines Qcomm Nearly $1B  4   What I Learned as a "Wrapper"  4   Drone Detection: An Interesting RF Challenge  3   Get a Signal's Details  3   TSMC Says 10nm on Track, Countering Reports  3   We're Following the Wrong Celebrities  2   IoT: A New Twist on an Old Idea  1   IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017  1   Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles  1   'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Planet Analog Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Jump to main content Jump to navigation the WHITE HOUSEPresident Barack Obama Contact Us Get Email Updates Home Briefing Room From the News Room Latest NewsRead the latest blog posts from 1600 Pennsylvania Ave Share-WorthyCheck out the most popular infographics and videos PhotosView the photo of the day and other galleries Video GalleryWatch behind-the-scenes videos and more Live EventsTune in to White House events and statements as they happen Music & Arts PerformancesSee the lineup of artists and performers at the White House From the Press Office Your Weekly Address Speeches & Remarks Press Briefings Statements & Releases White House Schedule Presidential Actions Legislation Nominations & Appointments Disclosures Issues Popular Topics Supreme Court Nomination Criminal Justice Reform The Record Cuba See All Top Issues Civil Rights Climate Change Economy Education Foreign Policy Health Care Iran Deal Immigration Action More Defense Disabilities Ethics Equal Pay Homeland Security Reducing Gun Violence Rural Service More Seniors & Social Security Taxes Technology Trade Urban and Economic Mobility Veterans Women The Administration People President Barack Obama Vice President Joe Biden First Lady Michelle Obama Dr. Jill Biden The Cabinet Executive Office of the President Senior White House Leadership Other Advisory Boards Executive Offices Office of Management and Budget Office of Science and Technology Policy Council of Economic Advisers Council on Environmental Quality National Security Council See All Initiatives Lets Move Joining Forces Reach Higher My Brother's Keeper Precision Medicine Special Events State of the Union Inauguration Medal of Freedom Participate Digital Follow Us on Social Media We the Geeks Hangouts Mobile Apps Developer Tools Tools You Can Use Join Us Tours & Events Jobs with the Administration Internships White House Fellows Presidential Innovation Fellows United States Digital Service Leadership Development Program Speak Out We the People Petitions Contact the White House Citizens Medal Champions of Change 1600 Penn Inside the White House West Wing Tour Eisenhower Executive Office Building Tour Video Series Décor and Art Holidays See All History & Grounds Presidents First Ladies The Vice President's Residence & Office Eisenhower Executive Office Building Camp David Air Force One Our Government The Executive Branch The Legislative Branch The Judicial Branch The Constitution Federal Agencies & Commissions Elections & Voting State & Local Government Resources Search form Search You are here Home Briefing Room Statements & Releases Briefing Room Your Weekly Address Speeches & Remarks Press Briefings Statements & Releases White House Schedule Presidential Actions Executive Orders Presidential Memoranda Proclamations Legislation Pending Legislation Signed Legislation Vetoed Legislation Nominations & Appointments Disclosures The White House Office of the Press Secretary For Immediate Release August 26, 2016 Fact Sheet: White House Announces New Commitments to the Equal Pay Pledge “Today we can announce that 28 of America’s leading businesses are committed to closing the gender pay gap. We should encourage more businesses to join them.” -President Barack Obama, United State of Women Summit, June 14, 2016 Today, on Women’s Equality Day, we are announcing new signatories to the White House Equal Pay Pledge. This pledge was launched at the first-ever United State of Women Summit, encouraging companies from across the American economy to take action to advance equal pay. These 29 newly-committed employers bring the total number to more than fifty companies and organizations that collectively employ millions of Americans. The new commitments are from a diverse range of employers, including Apple, CVS, Facebook, Target, and Visa. Equal Pay has been an Administration priority since President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act into law as his first piece of legislation. Policies that ensure fair pay for all Americans and that help businesses to attract the strongest talent can not only narrow the pay gap, but also boost productivity and benefit our economy. As noted in the President’s Proclamation on Women’s Equality Day, this day commemorates the 1920 certification of the 19th Amendment to the Constitution, granting women the right to vote. It is also the day that we observe the continued work towards gender equity for all women and girls. View the additional commitments and statements from signatories below, and learn more about President Obama's record on empowering women and girls. By signing the Equal Pay Pledge, these employers are: Acknowledging the critical role businesses must play in reducing the national pay gap. Committing to conducting an annual company-wide gender pay analysis across occupations. Reviewing hiring and promotion processes and procedures to reduce unconscious bias and structural barriers. Embedding equal pay efforts into broader enterprise-wide equity initiatives. Pledging to take these steps as well as identify and promote other best practices that will close the national wage gap to ensure fundamental fairness for all workers. Companies and organizations interested in signing are encouraged to take the Equal Pay Pledge here. *** WHITE HOUSE EQUAL PAY PLEDGE The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first piece of legislation President Obama signed into law. Policies that ensure fair pay for all Americans and that help businesses attract the strongest talent can not only narrow the gender pay gap, but also boost productivity and benefit our economy. Yet, the typical woman working full-time all year in the United States only earns 79 percent of what a typical man working full-time all year earns. While the gap has narrowed slightly over the past few years, there is much more work to be done to ensure fair pay for all. Building on the Administration’s numerous actions to close the national pay gap, the White House challenged businesses to take the Equal Pay Pledge. Several U.S. private sector companies have come together in support of advancing equal pay. We applaud the growing number of countries that have already made significant progress in closing their gender wage gap. Despite passage of the Equal Pay Act of 1963, which requires equal pay for equal work, the gender pay gap in the United States persists. Women working full-time earn only 79 percent of men’s wages, and we are committed to taking action individually and collectively to reduce that national pay gap. We believe that businesses must play a critical role in reducing the national pay gap. Towards that end, we commit to conducting an annual company-wide gender pay analysis across occupations; reviewing hiring and promotion processes and procedures to reduce unconscious bias and structural barriers; and embedding equal pay efforts into broader enterprise-wide equity initiatives. We pledge to take these steps as well as identify and promote other best practices that will close the national wage gap to ensure fundamental fairness for all workers. *** We received a very positive response to the pledge and welcome our new signatories, including the employers below. These signatories put forth their pledges as follows: A.T. Kearney: A.T. Kearney is passionate about and committed to diversity and inclusion.  We provide our employees with equal opportunities to contribute, develop, and succeed irrespective of gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. Diversity enables us to achieve immediate impact and growing advantage – for our clients, our people and the communities in which we work and live. We believe that equal pay to promote diversity and inclusion is a business imperative. Our approach to diversity and inclusion has and will continue to evolve with the changing needs of our business and our people. We offer global programs that create an inclusive environment and culture, ensuring all employees feel comfortable bringing their best selves to work each day. We enable our employees to achieve their personal and professional aspirations. A.T. Kearney is proud to collaborate with the White House and enthusiastically adds our name to the Equal Pay Pledge. Akamai Technologies: Akamai Technologies is pleased to sign the White House Equal Pay Pledge. This pledge aligns with the expectations we have of ourselves to lead with a sense of transparency, while embracing diversity and respect for all employees. At Akamai, we seek to ensure every employee can work in an environment where they are valued and able to work at their best. We believe in fair and equitable pay for all our employees, and we are committed to monitoring our pay practices regularly and to making adjustments if necessary to deliver on this pledge. Anheuser-Busch: Anheuser-Busch is proud to sign the Equal Pay Pledge. We value equality throughout all levels of our organization, and believe diversity enriches our workforce. This commitment to inclusivity begins with our mission - to be the best beer company, bringing people together for a better world - and extends to our meritocracy-based compensation practices. At Anheuser-Busch, we believe in equal pay for equal work. We use a rigorous and gender-blind compensation process that was developed and validated by independent experts. We recognize that there is still much work to do to create a truly equal playing field in the workforce. It is our ambition to lead the change and create more opportunities for women in the beer industry. Today, six of our 12 U.S. breweries are led by female head brewmasters, and women now represent the majority (51 percent) of our marketing organization. In support of our workforce and their families, this year we introduced a new parental leave policy that offers 100% paid Parental Bonding leave for all parents, on top of paid Maternity Leave for a birth mother. Apple: Equal work deserves equal pay. This past year, Apple looked at the total compensation for U.S. employees and closed the gaps we found. We’ve achieved pay equity in the United States for similar roles and performance. Women employees at Apple earn one dollar for every dollar male employees earn. We’re now analyzing the salaries, bonuses, and annual stock grants of all our employees worldwide. If a gap exists, we’ll address it. And we’ll continue our work to make sure we maintain pay equity. Chobani: Since day one, diversity and inclusiveness have been at the core of Chobani. We’re proud to stand with other leading businesses to give one voice to a simple, common sense principle: women deserve equal pay for equal work. We were founded with the belief that everyone on our team deserves the same chance to achieve their dreams and live up to their full potential. By joining the White House in taking this important pledge, we’re committing to continuously reviewing our practices to ensure that, as we grow, we never stray from our founding principles – and that our hiring, promotion and compensation practices and procedures stick to our deeply-held belief that women deserve equal opportunity. The Coca-Cola Company: The Coca-Cola Company values and celebrates diversity. This includes a long-standing commitment to equal opportunity that spans our employment practices and development of existing employees. There is overwhelming evidence that achieving equality and empowerment for women has both immediate impacts that benefit them directly and broader ripple effects that are good for society. We have made meaningful strides as a company in our equal opportunity efforts. Still, we recognize there is more we can learn by building upon best practices across the U.S. private sector.  We are pleased, therefore, to join the Equal Pay Pledge and work with the Administration and other partners towards reducing the national gender pay gap. CVS Health: At CVS Health, we are committed to fulfilling our company’s purpose of helping people on their path to better health by living our values, including integrity, accountability, caring, collaboration and innovation. By living our values, we embrace a dedication to paying our colleagues equitably regardless of their gender. We take a purposeful and systematic approach to evaluate compensation to ensure we are accountable to our pay equity commitment. We actively work to seek out, listen to and leverage the voices of our diverse colleagues, customers, clients, and communities. For our company, diversity and innovation go hand in hand and we strive to model best practices to promote and develop diverse talent.  Our CEO serves as the executive sponsor of CVS Health’s Women’s Success Network, one of our largest Colleague Resource Groups.  And we have been recognized as a best practice company by the 20/20 Women on Boards Initiative.  We value the contributions of all of our colleagues and we are proud to join other leading employers in signing this pledge and making a commitment to this important issue. Delta Air Lines: At Delta Air Lines, the very nature of our business is bringing people together. We rely on a worldwide family of Delta Air Lines people 80,000 strong to care for our customers and ensure they get where they’re going promptly and safely, regardless of the origin or destination. Our success is built on diversity, where our differences make us stronger and all people are welcomed, supported and – above all – treated equally. We’re proud to join the White House in signing the Equal Pay Pledge and voicing our commitment to fairness and diversity in the workplace, which is reflective of our long-standing commitment of pay equality among all Delta Air Lines employees. Dropbox: Dropbox is honored to sign the White House Equal Pay Pledge and join the other companies who have taken a stand on this issue. Gender equality and equal pay are priorities for us, and they are part of our deep commitment to creating an equitable workplace that includes and supports employees of every background and identity. Our products are used around the globe by millions of people from all cultures and backgrounds, and our team needs to reflect the world we’re building for. At Dropbox we review all of our hiring and HR processes for potential bias, including a gender impact analysis at every compensation and promotion cycle. Additionally, we've built inclusive leadership into our framework for managers, and all of our senior leadership and nearly all of our employees have participated in unconscious bias training. While we are proud of our track record of compensating our employees fairly and equitably — from our most junior team members to our senior leaders — we know there is more work to be done in order to create a world in which both men and women have the same opportunities and choices. Dunkin’ Brands: Dunkin' Brands is committed to gender pay equity, and we are honored to join the White House in the Equal Pay Pledge.  At Dunkin' Brands we regularly review our pay practices to ensure pay equity and strongly believe that a corporate culture in which each person is valued, respected and earns equal pay for equal work, delivers better business results. EY: EY is committed to pay equity and a culture of inclusion. Equity in opportunities, advancement, and compensation is a business imperative, and we work hard to promote fair practices for all of our women and men. EY’s leadership is actively engaged in fostering gender equality at EY and in the marketplace. Facebook: At Facebook we value those who bring varying perspectives, for many reasons including background, community, culture, race, ethnicity - and gender. We call this cognitive diversity, and we want more of it. It propels our mission: to give people the power to share and make the world more open and connected. Facebook is a longtime supporter of equal pay. We regularly review our compensation practices to ensure pay equity, and have done so for many years. We complete thorough statistical analyses to compare the compensation of men and women performing similar work. As such, we are proud to share that at Facebook, men and women earn the same.  We encourage efforts to establish methods to close the wage gaps around the world. General Motors: General Motors is pleased to sign The White House Equal Pay Pledge. We believe strongly in gender equity, and we are dedicated to having a diverse and welcoming workplace that values the contributions of all employees. We know that a diverse workforce promotes fresh, innovative thinking that translates into both a competitive advantage for GM and winning products for our customers. To this end, among other efforts, GM has employee resource groups, whose mission is to attract, engage, develop and retain a diverse mix of talented employees to positively affect GM’s performance, through networking and professional development opportunities. GM is supporting this pledge because it reflects our shared belief that employees’ gender should not factor into compensation decisions. We believe that fair and equitable pay should be an essential element of any successful business model and are proud to stand with other companies that share this same value. The Hartford: At The Hartford, gender equality is a top business priority.  The Hartford prides itself on its diverse workforce and inclusive culture, and its commitment to equality for ALL employees. The Hartford, recently named as one of twenty-six firms on Bloomberg Financial Services Gender-Equality Index for demonstrating strong commitment to gender equality, is proud to take the next step in signing the White House’s Equal Pay Pledge.   The Hershey Company: At The Hershey Company, diversity and inclusion is a commitment that is embedded in who we are.  It’s about advancing our vision, our culture, and our environment, so everyone can bring a meaningful contribution.  As part of this commitment, we believe that discrimination has no place in our workforce, which is why we have a no-tolerance policy. Our policy is to extend opportunities and terms and conditions of employment to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual’s race, color, gender, age, national origin, religion, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, pregnancy, or any other categories protected by applicable law.  For wages, this includes equal pay for equal work. Hilton: At Hilton, we are proud of our long history of supporting a diverse and inclusive workplace. Our goal is clear - we strive for an inclusive work environment that allows all of our Team Members to be comfortable bringing their entire selves to work every day.   Simply put, our culture is a reflection of the backgrounds, passions and perspectives of all of our Team Members around the world. To be the most hospitable company in the world, we must also represent the many different cultures, backgrounds and viewpoints of our guests, which includes supporting and empowering women at every level of our organization.  In fact, women make up more than 50 percent of our global workforce. In this regard, we are honored to join the White House in signing the Equal Pay Pledge.  We are committed to advancing our efforts in ensuring equity not only in our pay practices, but also across recruitment, learning and development, benefits, and our overall Team Member value proposition. In doing so, we continue to deliver on our promise of a great environment, great careers and great rewards for all of our Team Members. Supporting women in the workplace is part of who we are. In fact, we provide a wide-range of opportunities for women such as our Women’s Team Member Resource Group, Women’s Executive Networking Program, and Women in Leadership Excellence Program in partnership with the University of Virginia. Most recently, we were honored to be selected by DiversityInc as one of the Top 50 Companies for Diversity, the Human Rights Campaign rated us at 100 percent on their Corporate Equality Index, and Professional Woman’s Magazine named us as a Top Diversity Employer of Women. We were also chosen by the Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund for being one of the highest-rated companies in the world for advancing women leadership. Additionally, we are committed to offering family-focused benefits across our hotels and offices, including our industry-leading maternity leave policy, flexible working environments, 10-day advanced scheduling, paid time off, and educational assistance. IBM: In 1935, IBM founder Thomas J. Watson Sr. said, "Men and women will do the same kind of work for equal pay. They will have the same treatment, the same responsibilities and the same opportunities for advancement." IBM established a broad equal opportunity policy more than a decade before the Civil Rights Act, and we have maintained and continually improved a formal pay analysis and adjustment process for women and minority employees for 40 years. And now, in IBM’s second century as a company, we remain firmly dedicated to providing fair pay based on job responsibilities and performance, which is critical to meeting today’s evolving business and technology challenges. IBM is proud to sign the White House’s Equal Pay pledge as another step in our long history of fostering fairness, diversity and inclusion in the workplace. IKEA US: IKEA is a values-driven company, and our approach to diversity and inclusion is grounded in our values. We believe in people and see each individual as a talent. We treat each other fairly and provide our co-workers with equal opportunities, regardless of their gender identity, age, sexual orientation, physical ability, ethnicity, race, nationality, or any other dimension of their identity. We know that each individual adds value to the team, and we are committed to creating an inclusive work environment that encourages our diverse and competent co-workers to be themselves, to apply their unique perspectives at work, and to assume responsibility for our growth. In addition to being the right thing to do, creating this environment also improves our business results and strengthens our competitiveness. Several years ago, IKEA launched a proactive global effort to increase the diversity of our workforce at all levels. As part of this, we took – and will continue to take – a hard look at all areas of gender equality, including workforce representation, hiring, career development, succession planning, promotion rates, and pay equity. Over the coming years, we will maintain a comprehensive approach to diversity and inclusion across the entire organization, including pay equality. We are proud to take the Equal Pay Pledge to ensure fairness for all our co-workers, and to join the many companies contributing to a better society by leading on this issue. Intel: Signing the Equal Pay Pledge for Intel is a natural extension of our longstanding commitment to paying our employees fairly and equitably at all levels of the organization. We hold ourselves accountable with data by conducting an annual, comprehensive audit of pay in the U.S. to analyze our employees' pay by gender and ethnicity. In 2015 we conducted a comprehensive compensation analysis examining gender pay parity for U.S. employees across job types and levels. The report showed a net result of 100% pay parity, and we're incredibly proud of this result. Our commitment to diversity comes from our conviction that reaching a critical mass of women and underrepresented minorities in our industry brings ample benefits to many. The Libra Group: The Libra Group heartily supports the Equal Pay Pledge. As an employer we are age, sex, orientation, race and religion blind. Yet we are acutely aware that the wage gap is very often a symptom of a broader opportunity gap that may affect some population groups more than others, notably women. So wage parity begins with opportunity parity, which is why so many of our group’s social responsibility programs focus on groups who are experiencing disproportionate lack of educational and career opportunity. In many cases this means providing work experience, or equipping under-served communities with the advice, mentoring, training and support they need to acquire leadership skills or get a new business off the ground. For the fortunate few we are able to break the cycle of disadvantage and give a helping hand – but there is still more to be done. In our experience tomorrow’s leaders emerge from the most unlikely places. Thus we believe that narrowing the pay gap depends on two things: a culture of equal opportunity and equal treatment within the work environment, combined with selective positive action and intervention to lift people out of endemic disadvantage and give them the chance they deserve. LinkedIn: LinkedIn's vision is to create economic opportunity for every member of the global workforce. We are committed to ensuring all of our employees have equal opportunities to succeed and be recognized for their accomplishments. At the core of economic opportunity is equal pay for equal work. We believe it is basic good business to ensure this is true within your own organization, and we regularly review and evaluate our pay practices to ensure our employees are compensated fairly. In addition, our ongoing focus on improving the gender diversity of our employee base continues to have meaningful impact with gains in women's representation in both technical and leadership roles over the last several years. The Women’s Initiative (WIN) within our Global Sales team and the Women in Technology initiative (WIT) within our Engineering and Product organizations have built a framework to successfully hire, retain, develop and advance women. We are committed to continuing to create diverse teams in an inclusive work environment where every person feels they truly belong and are paid fairly. MailChimp: Equal pay is an essential part of MailChimp’s culture of inclusion, and we’re grateful for the opportunity to sign the White House Equal Pay Pledge. We conduct annual pay and benefits analyses, in addition to focusing on fair hiring and interviewing practices, generous family leave policies, flexible work schedules, employee-led resource groups, leadership development opportunities for employees at every level, and meaningful corporate citizenship programs. It is unacceptable that women working full-time earn only 79 percent of what men earn, and unacceptable that the gap is even greater for women of color. MailChimp promises to do our part to close that gap. We are committed to empowering all of our employees and helping them succeed both within our organization and out in the world. Microsoft: Microsoft is proud to join others in the effort to drive greater pay equality among men and women, which is a critical component of social progress.  When women are fully engaged in our workforce and communities, society at large benefits from the great ideas and innovation that flourishes.  Our commitment to equal pay gives us the opportunity to attract and hire from a broader talent pool of the best employees, managers and leaders—while gaining important insights into consumers’ needs. In addition to gender pay equality, we are also committed to ensuring that all employees have equal opportunity. MuleSoft: MuleSoft has signed the Equal Pay Pledge as a testament to our continued commitment to creating a great place to work for everyone. MuleSoft has a long-standing commitment to equal opportunity, and we believe people should be paid equally for equal work and experience. We conduct an annual audit of our compensation, which we readily use to influence changes in our policies. Ensuring that we all have the same platform for opportunities, growth, and compensation is core to our ethos and success. We’re committed to providing a workplace where everyone is supported and inspired by the opportunity to build a successful company where we can do what we love and thrive. Nike: Today, we are proud to sign the White House Equal Pay Pledge. At Nike, diversity is about acknowledging and valuing our differences and appreciating that everyone brings unique experiences, perspectives and ideas to the team. Investing in our employees to unleash their potential translates into a pipeline of new ideas, methods, and products that drive the future of sport. In keeping with our culture and what we stand for as an organization, we remain committed to equitable pay and rewarding performance across all roles, for all Nike team members. By signing the White House Equal Pay Pledge, we’re adding our voice to a movement that we hope will inspire positive change. Patagonia: Since they founded Patagonia in a small Tin Shed more than 40 years ago, Yvon and Malinda Chouinard have worked hard to build a culture where women and families thrive. Today, Patagonia continues to value and honor our working women with equal pay and opportunity. We believe women shouldn’t have to make the unnecessary choice between family and career and they can grow a career at the same pace as a family. At Patagonia, thanks to onsite child care, nursing moms are a few feet away from their babies versus miles apart. New moms and dads take paid time off to bond with and care for infants and families can eat breakfast and lunch together daily. We have an equal number of women and men at every level of the company, including among executive positions and the boardroom. Women and men are paid equally for comparable work. All of these things amount to a work environment where 100 percent of women return to work from maternity leave, 100 percent of dads take paid time off from work to bond with their new babies, and the business thrives as a result of the working families we support in our business. We also believe that there is so much more to be done to reinforce the true drivers of pay equality – such as paid maternity and paternity leave, quality on-site childcare, and a family-supportive work environment – which allow working moms and dads to continue to grow their family, career and income with equal opportunity. Patagonia commits to continuing to build on the progress we’ve made and supporting working families through every avenue possible as we continue to grow our business in line with the values we were founded on. “Women will never be able to effectively “lean in” without the proper economic, social and community support for the most critical work of all: raising children.” -Rose Marcario – CEO, Patagonia Target: At Target, we believe diversity and inclusivity make teams and Target better. We work to create a diverse and inclusive working environment and cultivate an inclusive guest experience, building a better Target for our team members and guests – and a better society for all. Target is honored to sign the White House Equal Pay Pledge and affirm our commitment to making pay equitable for everyone at Target, including women in the workplace. To achieve our goal of pay equity, we’ve implemented meaningful business practices, including continued leadership training designed, in part, to reduce the likelihood that leaders’ decisions are improperly influenced by bias or stereotyping.  We also use other internal measures, such as a comprehensive annual pay audit process, to ensure compensation is fair and equitable across the organization. Additionally, earlier this year, Target CEO Brian Cornell joined PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi to co-chair the Network of Executive Women’s Future Fund – an industry-wide campaign aimed at achieving 50/50 gender parity in the workforce. We’ve also earned a spot on the list for the Top Companies for Executive Women from the National Association for Female Executives for the past four years. We are proud of our internal initiatives and external partnerships, and we remain committed to improving pay processes and policies that ensure equality and fairness for all. Unilever: At Unilever, we strive to create a bright future and believe business has a critical part to play in closing the national gender gap. As part of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan - which is our blueprint to grow our business, while decoupling our environmental footprint from our growth and increasing our positive social impact - we have the ambition to empower the lives of five million women by 2020. Unilever is in a strong position to help empower women around the world: over 70% of our consumers are women and they play essential roles in our value chain. Unilever is proud to take the Equal Pay Pledge and confirm our commitment to gender equality. We consider the advancement of women’s economic inclusion a business priority and by promoting the formal and active participation of women in the economy—we aim to transform lives, families, communities and economies and in turn, have the opportunity to grow our markets, brands and business. Over the past six years, Unilever has been in the process of making sure we have gender balance throughout our business. We are currently at 49% gender balance for managers and above in North America and continue to strive to foster an environment where each individual feels uniquely valued and has equal opportunities.  Unilever is committed to creating a working environment that promotes diversity and equal opportunity. We are proud to have developed an inclusive culture and respect the contribution of all employees regardless of gender, age, race, disability or sexual orientation.  Visa: Universal acceptance for everyone, everywhere is not only our brand promise, it’s the foundation of our company culture. Diversity and inclusion is a strategic imperative at Visa, and it requires equal pay for equal work. We regularly review our compensation practices and conduct thorough analyses to ensure pay equity. An inclusive workplace enhances and enriches our environment, successfully drives business results and leads to improved leadership effectiveness and employee engagement. We will continue to take meaningful steps to make progress in this important journey. And we’re proud to sign this pledge as way of affirming our commitment to pay equity for our female employees in the U.S. ### Share This: Twitter Facebook Email  Twitter Instagram Facebook Google+ Youtube More ways to engage Contact Us Email Home Briefing Room From the News Room Latest News Share-Worthy Photos Video Gallery Live Events Music & Arts Performances From the Press Office Your Weekly Address Speeches & Remarks Press Briefings Statements & Releases White House Schedule Presidential Actions Legislation Nominations & Appointments Disclosures Issues Popular Topics Supreme Court Nomination Criminal Justice Reform The Record Cuba See All Top Issues Civil Rights Climate Change Economy Education Foreign Policy Health Care Iran Deal Immigration Action More Defense Disabilities Ethics Equal Pay Homeland Security Reducing Gun Violence Rural Service More Seniors & Social Security Taxes Technology Trade Urban and Economic Mobility Veterans Women The Administration People President Barack Obama Vice President Joe Biden First Lady Michelle Obama Dr. Jill Biden The Cabinet Executive Office of the President Senior White House Leadership Other Advisory Boards Executive Offices Office of Management and Budget Office of Science and Technology Policy Council of Economic Advisers Council on Environmental Quality National Security Council See All Initiatives Lets Move Joining Forces Reach Higher My Brother's Keeper Precision Medicine Special Events State of the Union Inauguration Medal of Freedom Participate Digital Follow Us on Social Media We the Geeks Hangouts Mobile Apps Developer Tools Tools You Can Use Join Us Tours & Events Jobs with the Administration Internships White House Fellows Presidential Innovation Fellows United States Digital Service Leadership Development Program Speak Out We the People Petitions Contact the White House Citizens Medal Champions of Change 1600 Penn Inside the White House West Wing Tour Eisenhower Executive Office Building Tour Video Series Décor and Art Holidays See All History & Grounds Presidents First Ladies The Vice President's Residence & Office Eisenhower Executive Office Building Camp David Air Force One Our Government The Executive Branch The Legislative Branch The Judicial Branch The Constitution Federal Agencies & Commissions Elections & Voting State & Local Government Resources En Español Accessibility Copyright Information Privacy Policy USA.gov
null
null
News and Press Release Distribution, Since 1995 Deliver Your News to the World Sign In Create a Free Account Home News How We Work Compare Services FAQ All WebPost WebPost PPC WebRelease Targeted Media Wire Service Ericsson leads cloud transformation of public sector in Estonia  Ericsson to lead public-private consortium in deployment and operation of hybrid cloud environment  Project will enhance scalability, resilience and security of e-society services in Estonia  Ericsson to deploy Ericsson Hyperscale Datacenter System 8000, Ericsson Cloud Execution Environment, Apcera Trusted Cloud Platform and integration services WEBWIRE – Friday, August 26, 2016 Ericsson (NASDAQ: ERIC) has been selected by the State Infocommunication Foundation (RIKS) in Estonia to lead the deployment and operation of a hybrid cloud environment. The solution will enhance the scalability, resilience and data security of a wide range of e-society services in the country. The project will be led by Ericsson and delivered through a public-private consortium that includes State Infocommunication Foundation (RIKS), Ericsson, EMC, Telia, OpenNode and Cybernetica. The partners will create and operate a hybrid cloud solution that provides a DevOps environment.  With the scalable and future-proof hybrid cloud infrastructure and platform as a service, the governmental agencies, municipalities or state-owned companies are able to focus on development of their services instead of building and maintaining their own server capabilities. By combining private and public cloud infrastructure, the solution will ensure continuity and security for e-society services such as tax reporting and online health care advice, while maximizing resource efficiency and accessibility. Laur Lemendik, RIKS CEO: Cloud services technologies and hybrid cloud solutions particularly are developing at extremely high pace. State Infocommunication Foundation is very pleased to start cooperation with leading technology providers, a group of companies lead by Ericsson. We have reason to believe, that thanks to concession agreement all parties are motivated to deliver best services to Estonian citizens, by combining most up to date technologies from leading cloud solution providers. As the lead partner, Ericsson will deploy Ericsson Hyperscale Datacenter System 8000 - built on Intel® Rack Scale Design - along with Ericsson Cloud Execution Environment, Apcera Trusted Cloud Platform for secure application lifecycle management and associated integration services. Ericssons solutions incorporate Guardtimes Keyless Signature Infrastructure (KSI), a blockchain platform for ensuring the integrity of systems, networks and data at industrial scale. Charlotta Sund, Head of Customer Group Industry and Society, Ericsson, says: Tech-savvy citizens, a proactive ICT sector and supportive policies have made Estonia one of the worlds best-connected countries. This enables vital services to be delivered more efficiently through ICT - but the right infrastructure is essential. As this agreement shows, Ericssons industry-leading cloud portfolio delivers the security and scalability required to drive transformation and realize the full potential of e-society services for people and governments everywhere. In 2014, Estonia launched digital ID cards for online services and was the first country to offer e-residency - a transnational digital identity available to anyone in the world interested in operating a location-independent business online.   NOTES TO EDITORS For media kits, backgrounders and high-resolution photos, please visit www.ericsson.com/press Ericsson is the driving force behind the Networked Society - a world leader in communications technology and services. Our long-term relationships with every major telecom operator in the world allow people, business and society to fulfill their potential and create a more sustainable future. Our services, software and infrastructure - especially in mobility, broadband and the cloud - are enabling the telecom industry and other sectors to do better business, increase efficiency, improve the user experience and capture new opportunities. With approximately 115,000 professionals and customers in 180 countries, we combine global scale with technology and services leadership. We support networks that connect more than 2.5 billion subscribers. Forty percent of the worlds mobile traffic is carried over Ericsson networks. And our investments in research and development ensure that our solutions - and our customers - stay in front. Founded in 1876, Ericsson has its headquarters in Stockholm, Sweden. Net sales in 2015 were SEK 246.9 billion (USD 29.4 billion). Ericsson is listed on NASDAQ OMX stock exchange in Stockholm and the NASDAQ in New York. www.ericsson.com  www.ericsson.com/news www.twitter.com/ericssonpress www.facebook.com/ericsson www.youtube.com/ericsson ( Press Release Image: http://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/2/204888/204888-1.png ) Related Links Source WebWireID204888 This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted. News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire. Tools Printer-friendly version Email this Release Email Form Your Name Your Email Your Recipient's Name Your Recipient's Email Comments Verification Code: Please type in this box the code you see above: Send Bookmark this Release Show all del.icio.us Yahoo! Google Live Ask BlinkList Diigo Slashdot Technorati Simpy Netvouz Mister Wong Share this Release Show All Reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon Twitter Digg My Space Mixx Squidoo Newsvine Fark Blue Dot WebWire Related Industries Computer Networks Electronics High Tech Security Internet Technology Telecommunications Distribute Your News Every day, hundreds of individuals and companies choose WebWire to distribute their news. WebWire places your news within numerous highly trafficked news search engines generating leads and publicity. Submit Your Release Now! WebWire® 1995 - 2017 About Us Terms of Service Privacy Statement
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. Marking DRI1 Drivers As Legacy & "Broken" Being Debated Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Kernel on 26 August 2016 at 09:14 AM EDT. 28 Comments Earlier this month David Herrmann sent out two kernel patches to hide "legacy" DRM drivers behind a new Kconfig switch and make these DRI1 drivers depend upon the kernel's "BROKEN" option. Not all are happy about these patches. 3dfx Banshee/Voodoo3+, Intel i810, Matrox G200/G400, SiS, VIA, and Savage graphics card code would be hidden a CONFIG_DRM_LEGACY Kconfig option. Herrmann explained, "Lets move forward and hide the remaining DRI1 drivers behind a config option, so we have a central place to disable them all. Furthermore, we can provide a clear warning to anyone enabling them." In his second patch, he makes the DRM legacy drivers depend upon the kernel's "BROKEN" option. David explained of that, "The legacy DRI1 drivers expose highly broken interfaces to user-space. No modern system should enable them, or you will effectively allow user-space to circumvent most of your kernel security measures. The DRI1 kernel APIs are simply broken. User-space can always use vesafb/efifb/simplefb and friends to get working graphics. Lets hide the old drivers behind CONFIG_BROKEN. In case they turn out to be still used (really?), we can easily revert this and figure out a way to move them out of sight (e.g., moving all DRI1 drivers to drivers/gpu/dri1/)." These patches aren't about dropping the drivers from the kernel at this time, simply marking them as broken/legacy as they haven't been touched by developers in a number of years and they don't fit with modern Linux graphics technologies. However, they will now be hidden from those building the kernel unless they are looking out for these legacy switch and acknowledging the "broken" status. The patches were received positively by upstream developers earlier this month while now there's a bit of drama over the patches. In user-space, the old Mesa drivers were dropped years ago from the Mesa tree but users can continue to load those old DRI1 drivers on a modern system due to the stable ABI. Connor Behan who maintains some DRI1 Mesa driver packages still for Arch has come out against it. He commented, "The drivers were removed from mesa and 'you won't have to freeze your kernel or anything' was one of the justifications given at the time for why this wasn't a bad idea. So yes, I have dri1 packages in the Archlinux repos with no plans to drop them. The people who have emailed me about them and filed bugs are probably much less than 1% of the user base but I've never considered that relevant. The point is that hobbyists who want to use old hardware or play with seldomly updated drivers should be able to do this without too many additional hurdles." Kevin Brace, the lone developer still working on the OpenChrome DDX driver, has also written his thoughts against it with an anti-consumerism rant. He doesn't want to see VIA DRI1 support demoted/dropped unless some experienced developers help in bringing up the OpenChrome DRM/KMS driver and also writing EXA/DRI2 for OpenChrome. Considering how long the VIA open-source code has been rotting away without any interest from the veteran open-source graphics driver developers, that's probably unlikely. Those interested can continue the thread here. 28 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Linux Kernel News Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 WireGuard Secure Network Tunnel Is Eyeing Mainline, Running On Android Early Benchmarks Of Linux 4.10 Show Some Improvements & Regressions For Core i7-6800K The Most Viewed Linux Kernel News Stories Of 2016 BUS1 Didn't Land This Year, But It's Making Progress Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it On Leadership These tech companies are offering internships for 40-something moms The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jena McGregor August 26, 2016 Follow @jenamcgregor IBM is one of several adding mid-career internships to try and boost the number of professional tech women in their ranks. (Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images) Tech companies have tried everything to boost the low numbers of women in their ranks. Massive grants aimed at high-tech scholarships for girls and students of color. Longer parental leave perks for new moms and dads. Even benefits that pay for women who want to delay childbearing to freeze their eggs. Now a growing number of both large and small tech companies are borrowing an idea from Wall Street banks: The "returnship," which brings in mid-career women (and men) who've taken time out of the workplace to care for family, offering them a path back to the office. On Tuesday, a nonprofit called Path Forward announced that six San Francisco-based tech companies, including domain registrar GoDaddy, customer service software maker Zendesk and grocery delivery outfit Instacart, will offer 18-week internships for about 20 mid-career professionals starting in October. While the program is open to men who have spent at least two years out of the workplace as a caregiver, it is expected to be filled largely by women. It is aimed at helping interns confront the stigma they face about time away. Also tech companies get a chance to improve their reputation as places that too many women leave. "If you're wanting more women at the senior level, this is a way to jump-start that," said Tami Forman, the executive director of Path Forward. Forman said there's been enough interest from other companies that she plans to start two to three more groups of these untraditional interns (who, yes, are paid) in several cities early next year, each with six to 10 tech companies. The nonprofit was spun out of the New York-based email software firm Return Path, which started its own mid-career internship program last year -- Forman is a former marketing vice president there -- and now helps bring that program, which includes training and networking opportunities for the group of interns to other tech companies. Path Forward's announcement follows another recent effort by seven technology and engineering companies -- including IBM, Intel and General Motors -- to run internships designed for women who've taken time away. The programs at these companies began this year and are part of an effort launched by the Society for Women Engineers and iRelaunch, a "career reentry firm" that runs a conference on returning to work sponsored by finance companies that have similar programs, such as Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs. The latter firm kicked off the trend back in 2008 and even trademarked the phrase "returnship." Carol Fishman Cohen, iReLaunch's CEO, said her conference acts as something of a recruiting hub for those existing programs, and "it occurred to us we should take the concept to another sector." She approached the Society of Women Engineers to establish a task force last year that would try and "replicate what we saw in financial services." In tech, she says, "there’s a lack of women at every level of the organization and they’re looking for more ways to hire more of them and fill that pipeline." Cohen said men are eligible to apply, but most applicants for the established programs have tended to be women in their 40s or even 50s who've left the workforce to be a caregiver.  Some tech companies have long offered flexible leave policies or extended sabbaticals that help their own employees return after a break. But these newer mid-career internships, says Laura Sherbin, director of research for the think tank Center for Talent Innovation (CTI), offer certain advantages. For one, it exposes employers to outside talent. And in an industry like tech, where the pace of change is faster and more disruptive than in others, the low-risk bet on hiring an intern for 12 or 18 weeks can help erase the bias many managers have about people whose resumes have glaring holes on them. "There's a huge stigma to time off in the tech industry," Sherbin said. "There's a perception that tech passes us by even on a maternity leave, and if you've had time out of the workforce you're hugely behind. Tie that in with the bias you do see about tech workers who have a little bit of gray hair," and it's and industry particularly primed for managers who might look past candidates -- even skilled ones -- who have been out of the workforce. Steven Aldrich, chief product officer of GoDaddy, said that's one thing that attracted his company to the idea. "The company has a chance to try the employee, in a way, and see their fit with the company, and it's a win for the working parent coming back into the workforce to come in and get experience," he said. "Those things are really challenging [when someone] comes straight back in."  The tech industry is also trying to plug an especially leaky pipeline. According to 2008 data from the CTI, 52 percent of women with experience in the science, engineering or tech fields chose to leave their fields over time. Another 2013 study, meanwhile, compared women in multiple professions and found that after the first 12 years of their careers, 50 percent of women in science, engineering and tech were working in other occupations, while only about 20 percent of the other women switched industries over their entire careers. Running internships for returning parents could also help send a message to younger workers. With these programs, Cohen says, "what companies are signaling to their youngest employees and the people in their 20s is that they understand that employees may take a career break -- and we want to welcome you back."  If hiring rates are any test, such "returnships" appear successful. At Goldman Sachs, almost half of the 150 people who have gone through its program since 2008 were hired for full-time jobs; Cohen says that hire rates tend to be between 50 and 90 percent in established programs, and at the high end of that range for the tech firms so far. A spokeswoman for PayPal, which ran a program for nine interns in the U.S. called "Recharge," with the help of Forman's group earlier this year, said that seven of the nine were offered jobs. And all six of the "Tech Re-Entry" interns working in analytics at IBM this spring, who had been out of the workforce for anywhere from two to 10 years, were recommended for full-time employment. Five have accepted jobs and the sixth is currently in final interviews at the technology giant. "We're increasingly looking for creative ways to bring women back to the workforce who we know are incredibly competitive," said Lindsay-Rae McIntyre, IBM's chief diversity officer. She said the company is looking to expand the program. Still, while success rates for participants tend to be high, the effect such programs will have on moving the needle -- either for the number of mid-career women in tech or the number of parents wanting to get back to work after child rearing -- could be limited. For one, the programs tend to be relatively small. Several of the pilot programs included internships for just a handful of people -- GoDaddy is hiring three interns, and there were nine in the first group at PayPal -- and iRelaunch's Cohen says existing programs tend to number 20 or 30 interns a year. Meanwhile, the programs are largely limited to fields where job demand is already strong, such as tech and finance, and do little to help those trying to get back to work in struggling industries or those with an abundant supply of workers looking for jobs. Forman said she's heard of an effort to do a "returnship"-style program in the advertising field, but it didn't take off. "The problem with that industry and industries like it is there's 10 people lined up for every job," she said. And in those industries where they could help bring in a few more women, warns CTI's Sherbin, hiring them only goes so far. Even programs that hire every mid-career intern they bring in won't make much progress on diversity if they don't also work to improve "bro" cultures that are hostile or toxic to anyone who's different. "You may get them in," she says, "but they’re going to be very very short hires. Diversity for the sake of having butts in seats doesn’t do us all that much good."  Read also: How the 'glass ceiling' became such a powerful -- and problematic -- metaphor The secret to getting more women to the top could be giving fathers more time off Like On Leadership? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter, and subscribe to our podcast on iTunes. business on-leadership on-leadership true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section. Follow @jenamcgregor Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 Lawsuit: Dude ranch owner asked chef for ‘black people food’ 2 The dirty secret about your clothes 3 Elon Musk’s SpaceX says it has found cause of rocket explosion and plans to fly again Sunday 4 What history tells us about your investments in 2017 5 With enough evidence, even skepticism will thaw Market Watch DJIA -0.29% NASDAQ -0.9% Get quote Last Update: 01/02/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business on-leadership on-leadership Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Top Menu VCCircle  | VCCEdge  | Bizcircle  | Events  | Training About Us Contact Get Daily Email Update Show navigation Hide navigation Home Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Listings: SaaS 10 Angels 15 2014 2013 2011 Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 Home > Enterprise > Exclusive: ItzCash in talks with several fintech mobile companies for potential investment Exclusive: ItzCash in talks with several fintech mobile companies for potential investment August 26, 2016  | Bruhadeeswaran R Tweet | 0 Comments Naveen Surya,MD,  ItzCash Mumbai-based digital payments facilitator ItzCash is in talks with several mobile application firms for making a strategic investment, said a top company executive. The company, which would turn profitable in FY2016-17, is looking for firms specialising in fintech mobile applications which can be scaled with further investments. It is open to explore options including acquisition, strategic investment and joint ventures, said ItzCash managing director Naveen Surya. At present, the company operates in three verticals—digital payments, remittance and corporate business. It offers prepaid card, money transfer and wallet to retails consumers. It works with corporates providing cash management services, online payment gateway and gifting solutions. Bhavik Vasa, chief growth officer, said the company is looking to enter the payment gateway aggregator space and would be open to inorganic opportunities in this space as well. “We would fund the investments through cash accruals,” he said. The Essel Group company, established in 2006, is backed by Matrix Partners, Lightspeed Venture and Intel Capital. Bharat Bill Payments Operating Unit In July, the company received an in-principle approval from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to operate as a Bharat Bill Payments Operating Unit (BBPOU), which has been proposed as an integrated system that will provide anytime anywhere payment options to customers by pulling all bills and payment options onto a single platform. Betting big on the BBPOU, the company is expecting a 40-50% growth in its top-line in the next three years. Recently, the firm has formed partnerships such as the one with hotel aggregator OYO and aims to double its booking volume to Rs 400 crore by FY2017-18. It recently partnered with online entertainment ticketing provider BookMyShow and live TV platform DittoTV. It expects revenues from the entertainment segment to grow about 40% year on year and is aiming to grow its booking volume to over Rs 5,000 crore by FY2017-18 from Rs 3,000 crore currently. It has presence across diverse sectors, including media and entertainment, tourism, packaging, publishing and broadcasting and financial services. Profitability The company is expecting to become EBIDTA positive in Q1 FY2016-17. It reported revenues of Rs 200 crore in FY2015-16 and targets to generate Rs 270 crore in the current financial year. The company charges a fee of 1.5% to 2% on a per transaction basis. ItzCash has issued 110 million accounts to date. It caters to 35 million consumers annually and has over 75,000 franchisees in more than 3000 cities and towns. It processes 50 crore transactions worth Rs 32 crore daily. The company, which has crossed Rs 50,000 crore worth of cumulative gross payment volume for bill payments to date, expects to cross Rs 15,000 crore of gross payments across 40 million customers in FY2016-17. The firm raised $10.3 million in funding from Matrix Partners, Intel Capital and Lightspeed Venture Partners in July 2009. Previously, it netted $9.3 million in funding from Intel Capital and Matrix Partners in 2007. Like this report? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our top reports. Tags: Bharat Bill Payments Operating Unit (BBPOU), Bhavik Vasa, Essel Group, Intel Capital, ItzCash, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Matrix Partners, Naveen Surya Leave a comment Name - required Email - required, never published Website Comment RECOMMENDED FOR YOU × Practo makes fifth acquisition, buys analytics startup Enlightiks B2B marketplace OfBusiness raises $11 mn from Zodius Capital, Matrix Partners One funded Indian tech startup shut shop every 10 days this year More in videos » Infrastructure, steel segments are poised to gain momentum, say ministers   RECENT COMMENTS POPULAR POSTS Guest on 2016-12-22 21:06:31 “What would you rather have? Isn’t it better to have periods of massive employme... Rohan on 2016-12-21 19:40:50 Great stuff... this fills up a big need gap considering the number of options on... manoj singh on 2016-12-21 14:35:36 Great app...I think have found "The ONE", Thanks to heartonnect.... Trust Site on 2016-12-20 15:35:33 In fact, the fashion world has always been a playground for technological disrup... Sumitendra on 2016-12-19 13:06:05 Surely the at home -beauty services market is getting a lot of attention these s... Exclusive: Building materials marketplace Buildzar shuts down Layoffs at Indian Internet businesses touch 10,000 Exclusive: Meet the finalists of the UberPITCH 2016 challenge Exclusive: Shaadi.com acquires dating app Frivil Flipkart loss widens in FY16, revenue jumps 50% Tweets about "#techcircle.in" Categories Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Specials Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 SaaS 10 Angels 15 About About Us Press Releases Advertise Contact Follow Us Linkedin RSS Feed Facebook Twitter News Corp Companies Proptiger Bigdecisions.com Makaan.com WSJ MarketWatch Mansion Global Realtor © 2016 Techcircle.in. Property of Mosaic Media Ventures Pvt Ltd. A company show hide
  Guru3D.com Forums > General > Operating Systems Games hitching in Windows 10 but not 7 - help needed :) User Name Remember Me? Password Operating Systems Is Windows 8.1 giving you a hard time ? Wanna try out Windows 10 ?   Thread Tools Display Modes Games hitching in Windows 10 but not 7 - help needed :)   (#1) PapaJohn Member Guru   Videocard: MSI GTX 750 Ti 2Gb Processor: i3 530@2.93Ghz Mainboard: MSI 7616 Memory: 4 Gb 1333Mhz CL9 Soundcard: Onboard PSU: EVGA 550W G2 Games hitching in Windows 10 but not 7 - help needed :) - 08-26-2016, 09:28 | posts: 137 Hi, I have low end hardware so I'm realistic about what I can run and at what sort of detail but I appear to have an issue running any games smoothly on Windows 10 whereas on Windows 7 those same games run absolutely fine and I'm hoping that with your help I can get to the bottom of it. I'm dual booting both 7 and 10 from the same SSD with a slow ass 1Tb Caviar Green holding my games (Parking altered to 300 seconds from the default 8) I'm currently running the same OLD gfx driver 347.25 on both 7 and 10 for consistency in my testing but it's important to note that I have tried with the very latest driver on 10 with exactly the same results (even after using DDU) Chipset drivers have been installed automatically for both but 7 does not install Intel Management Engine and as os is running smoothly in games I have left it alone. Windows 10 is the anniversary edition from a clean install and shows no resource violations when I run an sfc/scannow check. I don't bluescreen on 10, it runs edge/youtube/internet browsing just fine bar the existing bugs it is purely just games that seem to have a hitching issue. A prime example, the old unity game "Rochard" has hitches at specific points on it's levels whilst playing on 10. On 7 these same hitches are nowhere to be seen - again, using the same hardware and graphics driver. And this is the same story again and again across all titles. 10 hitches at points, 7 runs things smoothly within the restrictions that the old hardware allows. Even hearthstone has stutters and delays on windows 10 whereas again on 7, it's a flawless experience as you would expect from a 2D card game. The graphics card appears to be hitting the same clocks in both os and the CPU does not display any issues either. Really interested in your thoughts and hope to gain some insight as to what is going on here. Thanks     PapaJohn View Public Profile Find all posts by PapaJohn     (#2) Darren Hodgson Ancient Guru     Videocard: EVGA GTX 1080 FTW Processor: Intel Core i7-4770K Mainboard: ASUS Z87 Deluxe v2103 Memory: 16GB Corsair Veng 1600MHz Soundcard: Creative Sound Blaster Z PSU: XFX PRO Black Ed. 850W 08-26-2016, 14:18 | posts: 14,526 | Location: England Hitching and stuttering in games can be extremely annoying, more so if the game was previously running fine then isn't after an upgrade. Windows 10 will have different background processes to 7 and may have even configured your pagefile differently. I would suggest trying setting the pagefile to a fixed size on your SSD and disable the one on the slower hard drive and see if this improves things. I would also check what stuff is running in the background while playing the game. Try doing a clean boot with everything disabled at bootup except for the Microsoft services. Also, disable any anti-virus etc software that might be running (and add exceptions to them so they doesn't scan the folders where your games are). You can re-enable stuff one at a time and test the games to see if a particular one might be causing the issue on your system.     Darren Hodgson View Public Profile Find all posts by Darren Hodgson   (#3) primetime^ Master Guru     Videocard: XFX280DD flashed to Black Processor: X5670@4.2Ghz Ultra-120Ext Mainboard: Asus P6T Delux v1 Memory: 12gb Patriot ddr3 1600 Soundcard: Creative Sound Blaster Z PSU: Black Widow 850 08-26-2016, 20:40 | posts: 779 | Location: SC Sounds like some kind of nvidia driver issue to me. You should always try to run the newest driver available for your card in most case anyway! You can also try adjusting settings in your power profile and set cpu to max performance. Every once in a while, you end up with a cpu that doesn't turbo properly when the game needs max performance!     primetime^ View Public Profile Find all posts by primetime^   (#4) mbk1969 Ancient Guru   Videocard: GeForce GTX 970 Processor: I7-4930 Mainboard: Asus p9x79 Memory: G Skill RipjawZ, 16GB Soundcard: Onboard + FiiO E17 PSU: 1000 W 08-26-2016, 20:47 | posts: 2,928 | Location: Moscow, Russia Did you check the power mode in NV CPL? What if it differs in Win7 (say adaptive) and Win10 (say optimal power)?     mbk1969 View Public Profile Find all posts by mbk1969     (#5) Darren Hodgson Ancient Guru     Videocard: EVGA GTX 1080 FTW Processor: Intel Core i7-4770K Mainboard: ASUS Z87 Deluxe v2103 Memory: 16GB Corsair Veng 1600MHz Soundcard: Creative Sound Blaster Z PSU: XFX PRO Black Ed. 850W 08-26-2016, 22:41 | posts: 14,526 | Location: England The Shader Cache under NVIDIA control panel > Profile settings has been know to cause issues with some games so it might be worth turning that off if setting maximum performance as mbk1969 suggests does not work. Also, I would suggest installing the latest chipset drivers manually, reinstalling the driver clean after using DDU to remove it and even try reinstalling the DirectX 9.0c Redistributable (since it has components older games might need and isn't installed by default on Windows 10, or so I've read but don't quote me). Make a system restore point first though before changing anything.     Darren Hodgson View Public Profile Find all posts by Darren Hodgson   (#6) PapaJohn Member Guru   Videocard: MSI GTX 750 Ti 2Gb Processor: i3 530@2.93Ghz Mainboard: MSI 7616 Memory: 4 Gb 1333Mhz CL9 Soundcard: Onboard PSU: EVGA 550W G2 08-27-2016, 16:15 | posts: 137 OK thanks guys for your input so far. I have clean reinstalled both 7 and 10, dual booting from the SSD for the os's. Games are running from the 1tb Caviar Green. Chipset drivers are the default ones installed with both os's. I'm now running the latest Nvidia driver on both systems for a consistent platform from which to diagnose issues. The trouble with updating chipset drivers is that the motherboard/processor is that old I have no clue which ones are the latest, compatible ones to use. I'm hesitant to even change any at all on Windows 7 as it runs perfectly fine. 10 is the problem. The pagefile it uses as default is a lower size than 7 but it never gets touched/resized/altered throughout any attempts to game on it so I really don't think that's the issue. EDIT - Does anyone have an idea on which chipset drivers and Intel Management Driver I should be installing for my setup on a Windows 10 computer? Last edited by PapaJohn; 08-27-2016 at 16:22.     PapaJohn View Public Profile Find all posts by PapaJohn   (#7) Agent-A01 Ancient Guru     Videocard: 980Ti SLI H20 Processor: i7 5930k 4.7GHz H20 Mainboard: ASUS X99-A Memory: G.Skill 4x8GB 3200C12 Soundcard: Xonar Phoebus-PC360/HD598 PSU: EVGA P2-1200W 08-27-2016, 17:24 | posts: 8,523 | Location: USA Assuming your specs are up to date on left, here is MEI http://www.mediafire.com/download/ik...1.0.5.1189.rar update in device manager. Chipset not necessary but here is latest for your platform. https://mega.nz/#!lFdB1aoK!oD8FieeuL...HDhMKOkMUYX7ks On latest bios?     Agent-A01 View Public Profile Find all posts by Agent-A01   (#8) TheRyuu Member Guru   Videocard: EVGA GTX 1080 Processor: i7-4771 Mainboard: Asus Z87-Pro Memory: 16GB DDR3-1600 Soundcard: FiiO E10K DAC PSU: Corsair 750W 08-27-2016, 18:35 | posts: 107 Quote: Originally Posted by Darren Hodgson Windows 10 will have different background processes to 7 and may have even configured your pagefile differently. I would suggest trying setting the pagefile to a fixed size on your SSD and disable the one on the slower hard drive and see if this improves things. This is unlikely to change anything at least the pagefile stuff isn't. You can pretty safely leave that thing on default. It may just be the older hardware not running very well on Windows 10. That being said W10 shouldn't really be that much more demanding (if any). I can't remember how much RAM Win7 used but W10 might actually use less.     TheRyuu View Public Profile Find all posts by TheRyuu   (#9) primetime^ Master Guru     Videocard: XFX280DD flashed to Black Processor: X5670@4.2Ghz Ultra-120Ext Mainboard: Asus P6T Delux v1 Memory: 12gb Patriot ddr3 1600 Soundcard: Creative Sound Blaster Z PSU: Black Widow 850 08-27-2016, 23:24 | posts: 779 | Location: SC Quote: Originally Posted by TheRyuu This is unlikely to change anything at least the pagefile stuff isn't. You can pretty safely leave that thing on default. It may just be the older hardware not running very well on Windows 10. That being said W10 shouldn't really be that much more demanding (if any). I can't remember how much RAM Win7 used but W10 might actually use less. About the ram yes and No......If your pc has extra ram win 10 will use MUCH more ram than 7. But yea it uses it sparingly if your pc has a low amount.Its kinda cool how it does that! OP probably just needs to set his power saving to high performance is my guess!     primetime^ View Public Profile Find all posts by primetime^   (#10) PapaJohn Member Guru   Videocard: MSI GTX 750 Ti 2Gb Processor: i3 530@2.93Ghz Mainboard: MSI 7616 Memory: 4 Gb 1333Mhz CL9 Soundcard: Onboard PSU: EVGA 550W G2 08-29-2016, 13:15 | posts: 137 OK for now I seem to have sorted it by using the NVidia driver installed automatically with 10. Any newer or older ones seems to cause hitching. Windows 7 appears to work fine with any Nvidia driver. Thanks for the help guys, I'll update if anything changes or I face any more issues     PapaJohn View Public Profile Find all posts by PapaJohn « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
null

About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Reports Center Tweet   Hyperscale Data Center Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Analysis To 2020 Hyperscale Data Center Market Size is estimated to grow from $71.2 billion by 2022, with a CAGR of 20.7% from 2016 to 2022. (EMAILWIRE.COM, August 26, 2016 ) Hyperscale Data Center Market Size is estimated to grow from $71.2 billion by 2022, with a CAGR of 20.7% from 2016 to 2022. Hyperscale data center is designed to offer a single largely scalable compute architecture. The architecture is developed from small, individual servers called nodes that offer computing, networking, and storage solutions. These nodes are grouped together and managed as a single entity. The main idea behind developing hyperscale architecture is to start with small infrastructure in order to keep the initial investments as low as possible. With an increasing demand, new nodes can be added to the cluster in order to expand the initial infrastructure. Hyperscale data centers have been largely adopted by big companies such as Amazon and Google, thereby emerging as one of the fastest-growing technologies in the IT infrastructure world. Browse full report with TOC@ https://marketreportscenter.com/reports/358578/world-hyperscale-data-center-market-opportunities-and-forecasts-2015-2022 Hyperscale data center offers a wide array of applications in various industries, namely IT & telecom, BFSI, government utilities, healthcare, energy, manufacturing, and others. The market has been analysed across different geographic regions including North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and LAMEA. The factors driving this market are energy efficiency, application of hyperscale data center across various industry domains, open compute project and reduced total cost of ownership. On the contrary, power failure and generation of enormous heat are some of the restraints for the world hyperscale data center market. Key companies profiled in this report include Intel Corporation, Nlyte Software, Sandisk Corporation, Avago Technologies, Cisco Systems, INC., Hewlett-Packard, Ericsson, Cavium, Inc., International Business Machines Corporation and Mellanox Technologies, Inc. SEGMENT OVERVIEW The world hyperscale market has been segmented based on user type, application, component, geography and end-user. Based on user type, market is classified into cloud providers, colocation providers and enterprises. Hyperscale data center is an essential commodity to build a scalable and robust cloud, hence used by various cloud service providers. Enterprises can either host their hyperscale data centers within the premises or outsource it to a colocation service provider. Regardless of its application, an effective hyperscale data center can be achieved by striking the right balance between location, infrastructure facilities, IT equipment, and operation staff. Application wise, the market is categorized into manufacturing, government utilities, BFSI, IT & Telecommunication, Healthcare, energy and others (Education and Retail). Tremendous growth in the IT services has increased the demand for hyperscale data centers in the IT & telecom industry. It is important to re-architect the traditional data center infrastructure, thus allowing the IT & telecom industry to reap the benefits of the service-oriented world. Component wise, market is classified into server, networking and others. The increasing operational complexities and growing demand from consumers raises the need for hyperscale data centers that are more efficient than traditional data centers. This also implies that hyperscale data centers need more technologically advanced hardware and networking components. The server segment contributed maximum revenue in 2015 and is expected to dominate the market throughout the forecast period. Asia-Pacific Hyperscale Data Center Market Scenario Asia-Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing region for hyperscale data center market. This growth in data center market is likely to take place due to growing demand for cloud service from small-, medium-, and large-segment enterprises and increased adoption of hyperscale data center technologies by industries from various sectors. IT & Telecommunication industry was the largest revenue generating segment in the Asia-Pacific market in 2015. BFSI industry would be the largest revenue generating segment by 2022. Major factors contributing for this growth are rapid development in the banking sector of the major economies viz., China, India, and Japan. Following diagram shows the Asia-Pacific Data Center Market by application. Request A Sample copy of This Report @ https://marketreportscenter.com/request-sample/358578 Value Chain Analysis The value chain of hyperscale data center market features stakeholders like component or raw material suppliers, ODM, OEM, and end user or customer. Each of these players share a specific value at their point of operation, which in turn contributes to the competitive value of the product. The R&D activities, innovations, marketing strategies, and aesthetics enhance the value associated with the end-deliverables of each player. Value Chain Analysis of Hyperscale Data Center Market The stakeholders mentioned in the value chain explain the contribution made by them on different levels. Component or raw material suppliers are the first stakeholders in the value chain. Component suppliers provide the raw material and other essential elements required to manufacture the equipment and devices (servers, storage devices, and microprocessors), which are required in a hyperscale data center. ODMs are the next stakeholders in the value chain. ODMs (Intel, SanDisk, Quanta Computers) manufacture devices and components, such as servers, microprocessors, network switches, integrated rack systems, and storage solutions that are further utilized to build a hyperscale data center. OEMs are the next stakeholders in the value chain. OEMs assemble the components procured from ODMs and offer data center infrastructure, storage, and other solutions.End users are the industries that implement hyperscale data center or build and host them for other clients (colocation providers). KEY BENEFITS  This study comprises analytical depiction of the global hyperscale data center market with the current trends and future estimation scenarios to depict the investment pockets.  The report determines the overall market potential and helps understand the profitable trends for attaining a stronger coverage.  The report highlights information regarding key drivers, restraints, and opportunities with a detailed impact analysis.  The current market trends are quantitatively analyzed and a forecast for 2016‐2022 is presented to highlight the financial competency of the market.  Porters five forces model analysis of the industry illustrates the potency of the buyers and suppliers.  Value chain analysis provides a clear understanding of the roles of stakeholders involved. To Get Discount On The Report @ https://marketreportscenter.com/request-discount/358578 Connect for more details: Sam Collins Market Reports Center 1-646-883-3044 (US) info@marketreportscenter.com Contact Information: Market Reports Center Sam Collins Tel: 1-646-883-3044 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Fehler: Die Seite kann nicht richtig angezeigt werden, weil eventuell ein Browser-Plugin die korrekte Ansicht verhindert. Bitte deaktivieren Sie alle Plugins (wie z.B. Adblocker) und versuchen Sie es erneut. Fan werden Mobil DAX: 11.598 +1,0% ESt50: 3.309 +0,6% TDax: 1.841 +1,6% Dow: 19.763 -0,3% Nas: 5.383 -0,9% Nikkei: 16.699 -12,6% Euro: 1,0472 +0,0% Öl: 57,16 +0,7% Gold: 1.157 +0,4% finanzen.net Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Depot eröffnen Favoriten Shop News Analysen Videos Experten-Kolumnen Themen Lexikon Private Finanzen Ressorts Aktien Anleihen CFD Devisen ETFs Fonds Private Finanzen Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen Rubriken ad-hoc-Meldungen Aktie im Fokus Anlegen und Sparen Ausland Chartanalyse Dividenden Emittenten News Euro am Sonntag Euro Experten-Kolumnen Hedgefonds Immobilien Interviews KAG-News Konjunktur/Wirtschaft Leitzins Marktberichte Nebenwerte Neuemissionen Pressemitteilungen Standardwerte Versicherungen Quellen Business-Insider Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX EQS Group GlobeNewswire MyDividends Newsaktuell Reuters finanzen.net Indizes DAX 30 TecDAX MDAX Nikkei 225 SMI ATX Dow Jones 30 S&P 500 NASDAQ 100 Länder Australien Belgien Deutschland Europa Finnland Frankreich Griechenland Großbritannien Hong Kong Irland Italien Japan Kanada Mexiko Niederlande Norwegen Österreich Portugal Schweden Schweiz Singapur Spanien USA Researchtool Börsenchronik Heute im Fokus Konjunkturdaten Home Aktien Asetek A-S Aktie News zu Asetek A-S Asetek Dominates Heat in New High-End HP OMEN X Gaming PC 26.08.2016 07:17 Bewerten  (0) Kommentare Asetek Dominates Heat in New High-End HP OMEN X Gaming PC FACEBOOKEMAILDRUCKEN Kommentare Kommentar schreiben Aktien in diesem Artikel Asetek A-S5,77 EUR 0,00% Charts News Analysen Kaufen Verkaufen Top Themen Heute Carl Icahn: Ein Pokerspieler für Trumps TischNEU ab 2017: Handeln ab 2,50 € Orderprovision* pro TradeUpdates zu Deutsche Bank, LANXESS und Wacker Chemie Asetek (http://www.asetek.com/)® (ASETEK.OL), the worlds leading supplier of computer liquid cooling solutions, today announced that it has been selected by HP® to cool its new OMEN X Desktop Gaming PC (http://www8.hp.com/us/en/hp-news/media-kits/2016/Gaming-Omen.html). The OMEN X Desktop marks HPs return to ultra-high end gaming systems, boasting enthusiast [image]hardware and revolutionary thermal performance. The OMEN X builds on a long history of collaboration between Asetek and HP. From the innovative HP Blackbird 002 to the HP ENVY Phoenix 860, Asetek has worked closely with HP to deliver revolutionary performance and low noise. "It is an honor to once again work with HP to develop a gaming PC that pushes the boundaries of what is possible, said John Hamill, Asetek Vice President of WW Sales and Marketing. "The new OMEX X delivers extreme performance that is only rivaled by its thermal management. By utilizing Asetek liquid cooling, OMEN Xs excellent thermal management allows customers to get the highest possible performance out of their high end gaming rig without immersion breaking noise. The OMEN X includes support for up to three 120mm liquid cooling radiators with top mounted exhaust vents and a stand that lifts the case off the ground to help deliver copious amounts of active cooling. The OMEN X features the latest graphics technology with up to dual NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1080s to elevate the performance of any game with stunning visuals. The liquid-cooled 6th generation Intel® Core i5/i7 processor with overclocking capability1 paired with a VR-ready GPU enables flawless Virtual Reality (VR) and immersive 4K experiences for even the most demanding AAA games. Factory filled and sealed for maximum reliability and ease-of-use, Aseteks patented liquid coolers have been thoroughly tested and certified to operate without maintenance for over 50,000 hours. For more information on the HP OMEN X with Asetek liquid cooling, visit http://www8.hp.com/us/en/hp-news/media-kits/2016/Gaming-Omen.html. 1. Altering clock frequency and/or voltage may: (i) reduce system stability and useful life of the system, processor, and other system components; (ii) cause the processor and other system components to fail; (iii) cause reductions in system performance; (iv) cause additional heat or other damage; and (v) affect system data integrity. HP and Intel have not tested, and does not warranty, the operation of the processor beyond its specifications. HP and Intel have not tested, and do not warranty, the operation of other system components beyond their industry standard specifications. HP and Intel assume no responsibility that the processor and other system components, including if used with altered clock frequencies and/or voltages, will be fit for any particular purpose. About Asetek Asetek is the world's leading provider of energy efficient liquid cooling systems for data centers, servers, workstations, gaming and high performance PCs. Its products are used for reducing power and greenhouse emissions, lowering acoustic noise, and achieving maximum performance by leading OEMs and channel partners around the globe. Aseteks products are based upon its patented all-in-one liquid cooling technology with more than 3 million liquid cooling units deployed in the field. Founded in 2000, Asetek is headquartered in Denmark with offices in California, China and Taiwan. For more information, visit http://www.asetek.com. This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160825006439/en/ FACEBOOK Kommentare lesen Nachrichten zu Asetek A-S Relevant Alle vom Unternehmen Peer Group ? Sprache: Alle DE EN Sortieren: Datum meistgelesen Keine Nachrichten im Zeitraum eines Jahres in dieser Kategorie verfügbar. Eventuell finden Sie Nachrichten, die älter als ein Jahr sind, im Archiv Um Ihnen die Übersicht über die große Anzahl an Nachrichten, die jeden Tag für ein Unternehmen erscheinen, etwas zu erleichtern, haben wir den Nachrichtenfeed in folgende Kategorien aufgeteilt: Relevant: Nachrichten von ausgesuchten Quellen, die sich im Speziellen mit diesem Unternehmen befassen Alle: Alle Nachrichten, die dieses Unternehmen betreffen. Z.B. auch Marktberichte die außerdem auch andere Unternehmen betreffen vom Unternehmen: Nachrichten und Adhoc-Meldungen, die vom Unternehmen selbst veröffentlicht werden Peer Group: Nachrichten von Unternehmen, die zur Peer Group gehören mehr Asetek A-S NewsRSS Feed Asetek A-S zu myNews hinzufügen (was ist das?) Analysen zu Asetek A-S Alle Buy Hold Sell ? Keine Analysen gefunden.mehr Analysen Newssuche GO Meistgelesene Asetek A-S News Keine Nachrichten gefunden.Weitere Asetek A-S News Inside Anzeige BNP Paribas: Rendezvous mit Harry | Heute Abend um 19:00 Uhr LIVE mit Börsenprofi Harald Weygand DZ BANK: DAX: Herausforderndes Aktienjahr 2017 zu erwarten Chart Flash zum DAX vom 02.01.2017 UBS: Deutsche Lufthansa AG: Am Abwärtstrend abgeprallt DekaBank: Attraktiver Express-Ertrag mit der TOTAL-Aktie Commerzbank: DAX: Neues Jahreshoch  Wohin geht die Reise? HSBC: 03. Januar, Dienstag um 18:30 Uhr - Der große Ausblick 2017 - nicht verpassen! Vontobel: Neue Zeichnungen: Kupon-Ernte mit starken Aktien Anzeige Zalando - Wie der Online-Händler seine Gewinn­margen kräftig steigern will! Der Einkauf von Waren im Internet gehört zu den Megatrends des 21. Jahrhunderts. Laut einer Erhebung des Digitalverbands Bitkom shoppen 98% aller Internet-Nutzer inzwischen online, wobei mehr als drei Viertel mehrmals im Monat Produkte über das Internet ordern. Lesen Sie in der aktuellen Ausgabe des Anlegermagazins, warum Zalando zu den Profiteuren dieses Megatrends gehört und wie es seine Gewinnmargen weiter steigern will.Anlegermagazin kostenlos erhalten Mehr zur Asetek A-S-Aktie Kurs + Chart Bilanz/GuV Times + Sales Schätzungen Börsenplätze Rating Orderbuch Vergleich Historisch Ausblick Chart-Analyse Dividende/HV Realtimekurs Termine Analysen Insidertrades Kursziele Profil Fonds   Asetek A-S Peer Group News Keine Nachrichten gefunden. News von Sieben Mal Kaufen: Diese Papiere gehören in jedes Depot Reich mit Plan: Die besten ETF-Sparpläne für 2017 Unterbewertet: Deutschlands günstigste Aktien - Welche Sie jetzt kaufen sollten Goldpreis-Entwicklung: Was führende Experten für 2017 erwarten, Teil II Dax: Gewinne dank guter Konjunkturdaten - RWE-Aktie und E.On im Aufwind News von So dreist klaut Samsung beim neuesten Produkt von Apple Forscher: Das "Erfolgssyndrom" könnte erklären, warum die besten Mitarbeiter kündigen Deutsche Bank-Aktie: Starke Aufholjagd aber gemischte Aussichten Eine 24-Jährige starb an Überarbeitung: Jetzt will Japan seine Work-Life-Balance überdenken Microsofts erster PC verkauft sich viel besser, als irgendjemand erwartet hätte Heute im Fokus DAX knackt kurzzeitig 11.600-Punkte-Marke - Rekorde bei MDAX und SDAX -- Wall Street im Feiertag -- Apple muss iPhone-Produktion wohl senken -- Goldnachfrage auf Rekordhoch -- E.ON, VW im Fokus Kein Handel in New York. Meistverkauftes Auto in Schweden erstmals seit 50 Jahren kein Volvo. Marktteilnehmer kritisieren EZB-Regel zu Barsicherheiten bei Leihe. Südkorea stoppt Verkauf einiger BMW-, Porsche- und Nissan-Modelle. Zahl der Erwerbstätigen in Deutschland erreicht Rekordstand. NACHRICHTEN Aktien Alle 03:03 Uhr Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger: Immer mehr NRW-Bedienstete nehmen Sabbatjahr - Mehr als 90 Prozent Lehrer 03:00 Uhr Carl Icahn: Ein Pokerspieler für Trumps Tisch 02:03 Uhr Rheinische Post: Bundesernährungsminister Schmidt will TÜV für Schulessen-Caterer schaffen 02:03 Uhr Rheinische Post: CDU-Mittelstandschef nennt Mindestlohn-Konzept von Nahles weltfremd 02:03 Uhr Rheinische Post: CDU-Wahlkämpfer mahnt CSU zur Einigkeit 02:03 Uhr Rheinische Post: Maas bringt neues Hinterbliebenengeld auf den Weg / Entschädigung für Angehörige von Getöteten spätestens ab Mitte 2017 02:03 Uhr Rheinische Post: Ifo-Chef: Schäuble macht als Finanzminister sehr guten Job 00:37 Uhr Mittelbayerische Zeitung: Falsche Logik / Kommentar zur verhaltenen Resonanz auf E-Auto-Kaufprämie Top-Rankings Rohstoffe: Performer 2016 Welche Commodities entwickelten sich 2016 am stärksten?Jetzt durchklicken TecDAX-Unternehmen 2016So lieferten die TecDAX-Riesen im vergangenen Jahr abJetzt durchklicken DAX-Performer 2016Wer war Top, wer war Flop?Jetzt durchklicken Die 5 beliebtesten Top-Rankings Diese Aktien hat Warren Buffett im Depot (September 2016) Welche Aktien besitzt Warren Buffett in seinem Portfolio?Jetzt durchklicken Die Gehälter der Top-Politiker Das verdienen die wichtigsten Staats- und RegierungschefsJetzt durchklicken Die attraktivsten Großstädte DeutschlandsIn diesen Städten möchten die Deutschen lebenJetzt durchklicken Die 10 verrücktesten Google-Patente Welche Ideen hält Google für die Zukunft bereit?Jetzt durchklicken American Dream - In diesen Ländern wird er wahr In diesen Ländern wird der American Dream gelebtJetzt durchklickenmehr Top Rankings Umfrage Vor dem Weihnachtsfest greifen die Deutschen traditionell tief in die Taschen. Wie viel geben Sie dieses Jahr für Geschenke aus? Bis zu 100 Euro 100 bis 200 Euro Zwischen 200 und 300 300 bis 400 Euro Mehr als 400 Euro AbstimmenDirekt zu den Ergebnissen Quicklinks Aktienkurse Beliebteste Aktien Realtimekurse Alle Indizes Top 50 Tops/Flops Insiderdaten Quickcharts Dividenden Portfolio finanzen.net Apps Online Brokerage über finanzen.net Das Beste aus zwei Welten: Handeln Sie für nur 5 Euro Orderprovision* pro Trade unmittelbar aus der Informationswelt von finanzen.net!Jetzt informieren Kontakt Impressum Werben Presse Sitemap Arbeiten bei finanzen.net Datenschutz Disclaimer Nutzungsbedingungen Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? Problem mit dieser Seite? schlechtsehr gut Aktien Prime Standard:Alle 0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z DAX MDAX Dow Jones EuroStoxx Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information. Verzögerung Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH News Kurslisten Analysen Devisen Dollarkurs Fonds Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Anleihen Rohstoffe Themen Aktien kaufen Depot eröffnen Portfolio Aktien China Währungsrechner Gold kaufen CFD Aktienkurse Ölpreis Leitzins IPO Börsenkurse Lexikon Börse App finanznachrichten.de Traderfox

Dienstag, 03.01.2017 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»HP AKTIE»Asetek Dominates Heat in New High-End HP OMEN X Gaming PC HP INC 14,155  Euro -0,036 -0,25 % WKN: A142VP  ISIN: US40434L1052 Ticker-Symbol: 7HP  Frankfurt | 02.01.17 | 19:53 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BrancheHardware AktienmarktS&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 14,168 14,225 02.01. 14,16 14,25 02.01. 26.08.2016 | 07:17 (16 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Asetek Dominates Heat in New High-End HP OMEN X Gaming PC Latest Collaboration Between HP Asetek Delivers Ground-Breaking Performance and Style Asetek (http://www.asetek.com/)® (ASETEK.OL), the world's leading supplier of computer liquid cooling solutions, today announced that it has been selected by HP® to cool its new OMEN X Desktop Gaming PC (http://www8.hp.com/us/en/hp-news/media-kits/2016/Gaming-Omen.html). The OMEN X Desktop marks HP's return to ultra-high end gaming systems, boasting enthusiast [image]hardware and revolutionary thermal performance. The OMEN X builds on a long history of collaboration between Asetek and HP. From the innovative HP Blackbird 002 to the HP ENVY Phoenix 860, Asetek has worked closely with HP to deliver revolutionary performance and low noise. "It is an honor to once again work with HP to develop a gaming PC that pushes the boundaries of what is possible," said John Hamill, Asetek Vice President of WW Sales and Marketing. "The new OMEX X delivers extreme performance that is only rivaled by its thermal management." By utilizing Asetek liquid cooling, OMEN X's excellent thermal management allows customers to get the highest possible performance out of their high end gaming rig without immersion breaking noise. The OMEN X includes support for up to three 120mm liquid cooling radiators with top mounted exhaust vents and a stand that lifts the case off the ground to help deliver copious amounts of active cooling. The OMEN X features the latest graphics technology with up to dual NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1080s to elevate the performance of any game with stunning visuals. The liquid-cooled 6th generation Intel® Core™ i5/i7 processor with overclocking capability1 paired with a VR-ready GPU enables flawless Virtual Reality (VR) and immersive 4K experiences for even the most demanding AAA games. Factory filled and sealed for maximum reliability and ease-of-use, Asetek's patented liquid coolers have been thoroughly tested and certified to operate without maintenance for over 50,000 hours. For more information on the HP OMEN X with Asetek liquid cooling, visit http://www8.hp.com/us/en/hp-news/media-kits/2016/Gaming-Omen.html. 1. Altering clock frequency and/or voltage may: (i) reduce system stability and useful life of the system, processor, and other system components; (ii) cause the processor and other system components to fail; (iii) cause reductions in system performance; (iv) cause additional heat or other damage; and (v) affect system data integrity. HP and Intel have not tested, and does not warranty, the operation of the processor beyond its specifications. HP and Intel have not tested, and do not warranty, the operation of other system components beyond their industry standard specifications. HP and Intel assume no responsibility that the processor and other system components, including if used with altered clock frequencies and/or voltages, will be fit for any particular purpose. About Asetek Asetek is the world's leading provider of energy efficient liquid cooling systems for data centers, servers, workstations, gaming and high performance PCs. Its products are used for reducing power and greenhouse emissions, lowering acoustic noise, and achieving maximum performance by leading OEMs and channel partners around the globe. Asetek's products are based upon its patented all-in-one liquid cooling technology with more than 3 million liquid cooling units deployed in the field. Founded in 2000, Asetek is headquartered in Denmark with offices in California, China and Taiwan. For more information, visit http://www.asetek.com. This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160825006439/en/ Contacts: Media: Asetek Zack Fanning, +1-408-256-3118 Marketing Communications Manager zack.fanning@asetek.com © 2016 Business Wire Nachrichten zu ASETEK A/S Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 30.11.16 Asetek Announces Nine Installations in the Green500 Supercomputer List Asetek Liquid Cooling Provides Energy Efficiency without Sacrificing Performance Regulatory News: Asetek ® (ASETEK.OL) today announced that RackCDU D2C™ (Direct-to-Chip )... ► Artikel lesen 28.11.16 Asetek - Share Capital Increase upon Exercise of Warrants Asetek (OSE:ASETEK) Reference is made to warrants issued by Asetek A/S, Danish central business register (CVR) no. 34880522 (the "Company"), pursuant to corporate resolutions adopted... ► Artikel lesen 18.11.16 ASETEK - Update to Full Year 2016 Revenue Guidance Asetek (OSE:ASETEK) communicated in its third quarter 2016 report announced 27 October 2016 that the company's expectation for full year 2016 revenue within the company's desktop segment... ► Artikel lesen 18.11.16 BRIEF-Asetek upgrades 2016 revenue guidance ► Artikel lesen 16.11.16 Asetek Announces Eight Installations in the TOP500 Supercomputer List HPC Sites Globally Continue to Select Asetek Direct-to-Chip Liquid Cooling Asetek® (ASETEK.OL) today announced that its RackCDU D2C™ (Direct-to-Chip liquid cooling technology is... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu HP INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 27.12.16 Hewlett-Packard's Split: Have Massive Layoffs Paid Off? ► Artikel lesen 27.12.16 What's Ahead for HP Inc. in 2017 ► Artikel lesen 27.12.16 Three Oil & Gas Stocks to Buy in 2017 (HP, RSPP) ► Artikel lesen 27.12.16 Why HP Inc. (HPQ) Deserves a Place in Investors' Portfolio? ► Artikel lesen 25.12.16 Birth Of The Concept Of Digital Computer And Hewlett-Packard (HP) ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart ASETEK A/S Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % ASETEK A/S 6,297 +6,14 % HP INC 14,155 -0,25 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
toggle menu Sections Magazine Upfront Features Life ForbesLife India Thought Leadership Multimedia Lists Latest Issue Archive ForbesLife India ForbesLife India Archive Forecast: What to expect from the real estate sector in 2017 Column Special Leaderboard Exit Interview Close Range World Watch Ideas & Opinion Hindsight Briefing Breakpoint Resolution Numerix Greyscale Now, Tata Sons sends legal notice to Mistry Corporate Account First Principles Global Game Enterprise Special Report NSE files draft IPO papers with Sebi, looks to raise Rs 10,000 crore Recliner Traveller Health Appraisals F-index Cheat Sheet Tip-Off Nuggets Frequent Flier Style Ex-Libris Special Thoughts ForbesLife India Engage 'There are many culinary treasures hidden in old texts' Think Live Work Play Mobile: The requisite of brand engagement SPJIMR SP Jain School of Global Management WeSchool AIFMB IIT Madras INSEAD Harvard Rotman Thunderbird Stanford IE IMD business school CKGSB Tuck School of Business Ivey Business School Yale CEIBS Chicago Booth ISB Haas School of Business Oxford The Thinkers 50 Kenan-Flagler Bring in the new year quietly, or with a bang Video Slideshow Audio Twinterview Rebel with a cause: Sonam Kapoor's diverse repertoire 2016 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2016 Super 50 Companies 2016 2015 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2015 Super 50 Companies 2015 2014 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2014 2013 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2013 2012 Celebrity 100 30 Under 30 Search toggle menu Sections Magazine Upfront Features Life Forbes Life India Thought Leadership Multimedia Lists Latest Issue Archive ForbesLife India ForbesLife Archive Forecast: What to expect from the real estate sector in 2017 Column Special Leaderboard Exit Interview Close Range World Watch Ideas & Opinion Hindsight Briefing Breakpoint Resolution Numerix Greyscale Now, Tata Sons sends legal notice to Mistry Corporate Account First Principles Global Game Enterprise Special Report NSE files draft IPO papers with Sebi, looks to raise Rs 10,000 crore Recliner Traveller Health Appraisals F-index Cheat Sheet Tip-Off Nuggets Frequent Flier Style Ex-Libris Special Thoughts ForbesLife India Engage 'There are many culinary treasures hidden in old texts' Think Live Work Play Mobile: The requisite of brand engagement SPJIMR SP Jain School of Global Management WeSchool AIFMB IIT Madras INSEAD Harvard Rotman Thunderbird Stanford IE IMD business school CKGSB Tuck School of Business Ivey Business School Yale CEIBS Chicago Booth ISB Haas School of Business Oxford The Thinkers 50 Kenan-Flagler Bring in the new year quietly, or with a bang Video Slideshow Audio Twinterview Rebel with a cause: Sonam Kapoor's diverse repertoire 2016 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2016 Super 50 Companies 2016 2015 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2015 Super 50 Companies 2015 2014 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2014 2013 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2013 2012 Celebrity 100 30 Under 30 Magazine ForbesLife India ForbesLife India Lists Thought Leadership Web Specials Blogs Multimedia Magazine ForbesLife India Lists Thought Leadership Web Specials Lists Thought Leadership Web Specials Blogs Multimedia Search TRENDING : #Demonetisation #MistryVsTata Advertise With Us Home Global Game Cross Border Move over GPS. Three plebeian words can now define your location Billions more people could finally get home deliveries if the world adopts What3Words' clever address system By Parmy Olson Published: Aug 26, 2016 7960 7960 Image: Photographed by Levon Biss For Forbes. Chris Sheldrick Wears A Jacket by Gieves & Hawkes;Shirt by Jaeger; Pants by Tiger of Sweden; Shoes And Belt by Tods. Style Director: Joseph Deacetis; Style Associate: Juan Benson. Chris Sheldrick’s startup has divided the globe into a grid of tiny blocks, including this square in Hyde Park, London In a fast-growing suburb outside New Delhi, young women hail pink motorcycle taxis through an app called Bikxie. Launched in January, Bikxie has a novel feature: It pairs women drivers with women customers. And soon it will have another. Its users in Gurgaon, where rapid construction has created a confusing mess of locations, won’t need a street address. Instead, says Bikxie founder Divya Kalia, riders will simply type three ordinary words to identity the nine-square-metre parcel of land where they want to be dropped off. For example, the entrance to Bikxie’s office in New Delhi is artichoke.recruiter.sniff. Beyond India, Forbes’s New Jersey headquarters is gold.wink.flesh. The front door to the White House? Length.grab.torch.  Bikxie is pulling this data from a unified global addressing system devised by a company fittingly named What3Words. The London-based startup, launched in 2013 by Chris Sheldrick, a former music and events organiser, has divided the entire planet into 3-metre-by-3-metre squares (the size of a small bedroom) and assigned each a three-word string. The goal: Make it easier to find the homes of more than half of humanity who live in poorly marked areas, like many urban slums, or are among the 4 billion people who have no address at all. Much of Costa Rica, for instance, doesn’t have street names or house numbers.  “In some countries home delivery for post doesn’t happen,” Sheldrick says. “People are used to going, ‘I live behind the yellow lamppost near the coffee shop.’” In Rio de Janeiro’s favelas, a local mail-delivery company, Carteiro Amigo, already uses What3Words to find homes. Mongolia’s national postal service signed up last May for deliveries to the country’s 3 million citizens. Drivers with UK’s Direct Today Couriers use a What3Words-powered app and have cut missed deliveries by 83 percent since January. What3Words has raised $14.5 million from investors like Intel Capital and Aramex, the Middle East’s equivalent of FedEx, which has asked big local retailers to add a What3Words box to checkout pages. More than 250 businesses globally use What3Words, though it isn’t profitable yet.  Sheldrick, 35, wants What3Words to become a global standard, the comprehensive fix to the addressing problem that several national governments, like Ghana’s, have tried and failed to solve. He started the company after seeing some of his musical acts get lost in Italian villages and miss their gigs. Latitude and longitude coordinates failed to solve the problem. Mess up one of the 18 numbers, and you could end up 20 miles from your destination.    In January 2013 he began discussing the problem with Jack Waley-Cohen, an old friend from his chess team at Eton, the elite British boarding school. “If only someone could make GPS coordinates easy,” he remembers saying. They needed a sequence of, ideally, three things, “something everybody could remember,” he adds.  Words would do the trick. The pair divided the globe into 57 trillion squares that require about 40,000 different words to identify them all. They assigned short words to locations on land and longer ones to those on bodies of water.  To turn this clever idea into a business, Sheldrick eschewed the open-source approach embraced by some other location-based enterprises, choosing instead to patent-protect the word-assignments and algorithm. His team packed the formula into 10 MB of space, making the service easy for businesses to incorporate into their apps, run from their own servers and use in areas with no mobile data coverage. Sheldrick now faces several challenges. One is getting people to adopt a completely new way of defining location. That’s a big ask, isn’t it? “There’s plenty of behaviour-changing platforms,” Sheldrick says, noting that Airbnb seemed creepy at first but is now second nature to travellers. “As you get more businesses pushing this, it becomes de facto,” he says. “We’re talking to all the large global logistics firms.” Business customers like Aramex are crucial to helping What3Words get companies to commit. (Sheldrick won’t say how many people currently use the technology.) But there’s the tantalising future prospect of robots using Sheldrick’s system to make deliveries. When Amazon announced it was testing drones, “very quickly the cogs turned in my head,” says Sheldrick.  The other challenge is making money. Sheldrick won’t disclose how much it charges clients or the total revenues, but Forbes estimates the startup has brought in less than $1 million in its first three years. What3Words licenses access to its formula, which converts GPS coordinates into three-word addresses. Some pay extra for software that hosts the formula on their own system, so that, say, users of a mapping app won’t have to look up the address online. Not everyone thinks the system is necessary. Starship Technologies, an Estonian startup that deploys and coordinates self-driving delivery robots for companies in the UK, Germany and Switzerland, recently talked with What3Words. “Robots don’t understand street addresses,” says Starship COO Allan Martinson. “We may use What3Words as part of that address, but it must be widely used.” Starship’s sensor-laden robots already create their own maps across city streets, he adds, just like Google’s Street View cars do. Amazon’s drones may end up doing the same. Either way, the startup may not remain independent for long. “What3Words is a perfect candidate to be taken over in a couple of years,” says Martijn de Wever, founder of Force Over Mass Capital, which recently invested. He sees Google, Apple or Amazon being particularly interested. “They could integrate it fully within their current mapping technology.” (This article is excerpted from the latest Forbes India 02 September, 2016 issue which is now available at news stands and book stores. You can buy our tablet version from Magzter.com) Show More GPS Bikxie App Divya Kalia Unified global addressing system What3Words Chris Sheldrick Startup Comments Forbes India Lists Insta-Subscribe to Forbes India Magazine For hassle free instant subscription, just give your number and email id and our customer care agent will get in touch with you OR click here to Subscribe Online Most Popular Read Emailed Blogs Commented Eye on the prize: Ajay Piramal strikes it big with contrarian calls Here's why the Bansals of Flipkart are out of the India Rich List 2016 Why sky is the limit for Alia Bhatt Forecast: What to expect from the real estate sector in 2017 Celebrity 100: How Sunny Leone evolved into an enviable brand Celebrity scorecard: The numbers that make them stars Sanjeev Kapoor's recipe for success A new note: Sunidhi Chauhan remains on top of her game Rebel with a cause: Sonam Kapoor's diverse repertoire Breaking bad: How the world of villains has changed Eye on the prize: Ajay Piramal strikes it big with contrarian calls Forecast: What to expect from the real estate sector in 2017 Why sky is the limit for Alia Bhatt Decoding the groundswell behind Patanjali Five principles for building innovative businesses in the 21st century Will GST disrupt accounting and financial reporting? What I learnt from my dad Demonetisation - The long and short of it GST rates: India Inc eagerly awaits finer details Why healthcare will never be the same again with IoT Integrate Augmented Reality with Internet of Things for unmatched business value How India can speed up indigenisation in defence manufacturing Health is Wealth -True for businesses? Key challenges for healthcare organisations Preparing for life post-Brexit, UK looks beyond Europe Narendra Modi ranked among worlds 10 most powerful people The Road Ahead for Virendra Mhaiskar and IRB India Tata Sons fires back, says Mistry treated group as fiefdom with unilateral actions National Stock Exchange MD & CEO Chitra Ramkrishna quits Black money crackdown: Here's what Narendra Modi might do next Celebrity scorecard: The numbers that make them stars Amazon introduces 'Launchpad' in India for budding entrepreneurs What the Q2 numbers mean for India's IT industry Tweets Tweets by @forbes_india The sources of our discontent with how the world is going RBL Bank IPO oversubscribed by 3.08 times Latest News Mobile: The requisite of brand engagement Rebel with a cause: Sonam Kapoor's diverse repertoire Why sky is the limit for Alia Bhatt Forecast: What to expect from the real estate sector in 2017 Ten interesting things that we read this week Here's why the Bansals of Flipkart are out of the India Rich List 2016 Magazine Lists Thought Leadership Blogs ForbesLife India Web Exclusives Multimedia Philanthropy Awards Leadership Awards Entrepreneurship Summit CEO Dialogues Contact Us Advertise with Us Feedback Subscribe Insta-Subscribe to Forbes India Magazine © Copyright 2016, Forbesindia.com All Rights Reserved © Copyright 2016, Forbesindia.com All Rights Reserved You might also want to read... Track your lunch with HyperTrack Byju's in advanced talks with investors to raise $... ISRO's Very Own GPS is Ready SmartQ raises pre-series A round from YourNest ang... Flipagram could be bigger than Instagram next prev suggested stories Track your lunch with HyperTrack Byju's in advanced talks with investors to raise $... ISRO's Very Own GPS is Ready SmartQ raises pre-series A round from YourNest ang... Flipagram could be bigger than Instagram
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  PCs & Laptops  »  Misc PCs & Laptops  »  Feature Ex-Lease Small Form Factor PCs – the bargain computer choice by Anthony Agius  |  Friday 26 August 2016  | Comment Now Sub-$250 computers with the still speedy i5-2400 CPU offer great value. Many people reading this might be PC enthusiasts, familiar with the latest hardware, and want a computer that's got all the newest gear inside. But many people just want a computer that gets them on the web, runs Microsoft Office, maybe Skype, and to watch a few YouTube videos. If that sounds like you, or maybe you've been asked by a friend or relative to help them get a new computer on the cheap, then this article will assist in the search for finding a bargain computer that gets the job done. Large businesses get bulk amounts of computers via a lease. When that lease is up after a few years, the computers that still work go back to the leasing company and are usually sold at an auction to whoever makes the highest offer. The computers then end up on eBay, very cheap, in perfect working condition after being cleaned and refurbished. These three or four year old computers are ideal for the average person outlined in the introduction, who just wants something to get on the web. The sweet spot as of mid-2016 are small form factor (SFF) desktops with an i5-2400 CPU, which has 4 cores and runs at 3.1GHz. Even though it's a few years old, it's still an excellent performer considering the price. It's faster than most current entry level CPUs from AMD and Intel. Search eBay for "i5-2400" and you'll see hundreds of these SFF boxes ready to be delivered to you. The Lenovo ThinkCentre M81, Dell Optiplex 990 and HP 8200 Elite can all be found with the i5-2400, 4GB of RAM, a 320-500GB HDD and a genuine Windows 7 licence for between $250-$270, delivered anywhere in Australia. Gumtree can also yield some bargains, with sellers doing cash on pickup to save on postage and eBay fees. In Melbourne there's a few i5-2400 SFFs for only $230. Chuck in an SSD (like a Sandisk 120GB for $55 from MSY) and you've got a computer that cost you less than $300, that'll handle practically any task you throw at it that doesn't involve 3D graphics. 4GB of RAM should just be enough, but if you want to install more, just grab a few sticks of DDR3 (8GB for $45 at MSY) to round the package out. To build something similar with new parts and a legit copy of Windows, you're looking at around $500, plus you need to take the time to put the thing together. If you're swapping out an existing computer with a new one, perfect - it should all be plug and play with the existing keyboard, mouse, monitor and speakers. But if you're investigating a fresh setup, keyboards and mice are cheaper than ever, with the Logitech MK220 wireless combo selling for just $23. Creative SBS-A60 speakers are only $22, but will be more than adequate for the odd YouTube video. Monitor choice gets a bit trickier, as ex-lease monitors don't get turned over as often. New, 21.5in 1080p displays start at around $130 and at anything sub-$250, there's not much difference in quality. Even if you want to get a bit fancy, an i5-2400 based SFF computer leaves you more cash to spend on things you'll actually enjoy, like a nice mechanical keyboard, high-end mouse, IPS monitor and some audiophile speakers. If you need to expand (e.g: a nicer video card for a 4K monitor), there's a few low profile PCIe slots and 3.5in bays for extra SATA devices. Next time someone asks you what computer they should get, and they aren't into the latest games, check out some small form factor computers with Intel i5-2400 CPUs - you might be surprised how much cash you can save. Related Articles MSI delivers a perfect SFF video card - the GTX 1050 Ti 4GT LP Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 Lian Li adds tempered glass to SFF PC-Q37 PC case MSI reveals teeny-tiny Mini GeForce GTX 1060 3GB OCV3 Asus adds a GTX 1080 to its G20 SFF gaming box Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority. All rights reserved. See more about:  bargain  |  exlease  |  pcs  |  small form factor  |  value   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   The 6 best bits of tech you'll want in your next car     What does a Trump win mean for tech and science?     PowerBulb’s two USB sockets are a cable lover’s delight     Google discloses zero-day in Windows kernel     Review: Seagate Barracuda Pro blows us away   More in Misc PCs & Laptops (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Raspberry Pi launches Pixel OS for PC and Mac << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple is not giving up on the desktop << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (3 of 10 articles) NEWS This Kickstarter fixes everything missing from the new Macbook Pro << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Nvidia's GTX 1050 mobile GPU set to launch at CES << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (5 of 10 articles) FEATURE Hall of Fame: Apple iBook G3 << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (6 of 10 articles) REVIEW One Minute Review: Dell's Power Companion keeps your laptop running longer << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple has given up on the PC << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Microsoft announces a new desktop PC with a difference << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (9 of 10 articles) NEWS What to expect from Apple’s 27 October event << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Buying Apple shares rather than a PowerBook 100 would have made you $US158,243 richer << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Misc PCs & Laptops News Raspberry Pi launches Pixel OS for PC and Mac Review One Minute Review: Dell's Power Companion keeps your laptop running longer Feature Hall of Fame: Apple iBook G3 Gallery Project Alpha Omega From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Gear S3: Samsung's long-lasting smartwatch reviewed Telstra closing 3G: here's how to check if your phone is Next G compatible The best tech products of 2016 Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Australian telco year in review: the 10 biggest stories A year of deals! 26 Australian reseller mergers in 2016 The top 10 data centre stories of 2016 The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Former Toll CIO lands at Essential Energy Photos: The tech that used to run the Commonwealth Bank Telcos take ACCAN to task Ex-CBA IT exec sentenced to 3.5 years in jail for bribery 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege Star Wars Battlefront’s Scarif DLC fails to impress 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI A gorgeous fan collection of Battlefront Scarif DLC shots About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
null
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Ecumenical News ecunews.com Home U.S. world Church Culture Belief Humanitarian Analysis Lifestyle Pope Francis Christmas message Korean Peninsula Fighting Fake News Middle East Christians Climate Change Jan 02, 2017, Updated at 21:55 PM EST Home General Microsoft Surface Pro 5 release date, specs rumors: Signs point to a late 2017 release for the new tablet John Paul Sunico |Monday, August 29 2016 Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it (Microsoft Store)The follow-up to the Surface Pro 4 (shown), the Surface Pro 5, is not expected to arrive anytime soon October is just weeks away and Microsoft's Surface Pro 5 should consistently be in the headlines right now, but it isn't, and that likely means people will be waiting a while for the new tablet. After Microsoft introduced the public to the Surface Pro 4 in October of last year, the hope heading into 2016 was that its follow-up would arrive around the same time. Unfortunately, the way things are going right now, it would be quite the surprise if the Surface Pro 5 suddenly showed up by the time October rolled around. It's not just the lack of headlines regarding the rumored tablet that should be a cause of concern for those expecting the device to make its debut this year. At this point, so much about what the tablet will be like is still up in the air, and all the uncertainty is likely an indicator that even industry insiders have not heard much about this particular Microsoft offering. Furthermore, the features that people do expect to see in the Surface Pro 5 may also be indicators that it won't be coming out anytime soon. As an earlier report from ZD Net's Mary Jo Foley alluded to, new Surface devices using Intel's Kaby Lake processors – as the Surface Pro 5 is expected to do – may go on sale until next year's holiday season. The new tablet is also expected to run the Redstone 2 version of the Windows 10 operating system (OS) right out of the box, and that piece of software is not expected to arrive until next spring. October 2016 will, in all likelihood, pass by without Microsoft's new tablet being introduced and folks waiting to see it may be better served to recalibrate their expectations as they settle in for an extended wait. More news about Microsoft's Surface Pro 5 should be made available in the near future. Copyright © 2016 Ecumenical News Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it RECOMMENDED Ukrainian conflict East Europe's worst crisis since World War 2, says archbishop S. African priest who resisted witchcraft on path to Catholic sainthood First black presiding bishop installed at Episcopal Church USA Churches unite in call for United States to confront racism Pentecostal Church in Chile celebrates Christian unity at ecumenical service News from General 'Final Fantasy 15' news: Additional DLC details revealed; Aranea, Cor and Iris reportedly set to be made playable 'Street Fighter V' rumors: Possible clues about some Season 2 DLC characters recently surface online 'Kingdom Hearts 3' rumors: Director Tetsuya Nomura reveals more about all the work currently being done on the sequel 'The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild' news: Developers share more details about the game's Guardians Nintendo Switch rumors: New gaming platform's list of titles may not include already available current-gen AAA games Most Popular After Istanbul carnage, Pope and World Council of Churches condemn attack on innocents Lutheran Church of Norway to separate from State after 500 years UN expert hails US for placing atheists on equal footing with faith groups Word's tallest Christmas tree in Sri Lanka draws flak from Catholic Church S. African bishop likens presidential call to stay out of politics to those of apartheid leaders; he will ignore it Pope Francis pleads for peace in world scarred by 'idolatry of money' Full text: Pope Francis 2016 Christmas message "Urbi et Orbi" Tweets by @EcumenicalNews Ecumenical News ©2017 All rights resesrved About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms of Service Privacy Policy X
PC Perspective PCPER WEB Home Reviews News Forums Podcast HW Leaderboard PCPer Live! Graphics Cards Motherboards Cases/Cooling Processors Chipsets Memory Displays Systems Storage Mobile Networking Username: * Password: * Register | Password Reminder Home » News Blizzard Announces Live Streaming Subject: General Tech | August 26, 2016 - 10:19 PM | Scott Michaud Tagged: blizzard, facebook, OBS So I was greeted with an interesting pop-up when I updated my Battle.net launcher today. Turns out Blizzard is pushing Blizzard Streaming to “the Americas, Southeast Asia, Australia, and New Zealand”. Currently, Facebook is the only platform that you can stream to, and Blizzard hasn't announced bringing it to others, but the settings area is clearly a vertical list of horizontal widgets, so that suggests they intend to add more than one at some point. As for the application, itself, this could be useful (especially if other services are added) for users who only stream Blizzard titles, and who want something designed a bit more mainstream than OBS. That said, Raptr and GeForce Experience both fall under this category. Moreover, Blizzard doesn't clarify whether or not the stream will make use of NVIDIA's NVENC, Intel's Quick Sync, or AMD's VCE, all three of which are supported on OBS Studio. Granted, Blizzard titles tend to be easy to compute, but it is hard to beat encoding on an idle, integrated GPU, if you should have one. That said, choices are good, and you now have another. Source: Blizzard (via YouTube) Comments Post a comment August 26, 2016 | 11:19 PM - Posted by Penteract (not verified) No Facebook stuff for me - I immediately went into the Battle.net settings and unchecked the streaming. If I'm going to stream it's going to be to Twitch. Using Shadowplay or OBS. Some people are having serious crashes after the update that installed this "feature". Not only does my second computer crash trying to launch WoW, it crashes trying to launch Borderlands games. Sometimes it locks up the computer entirely. I've re-installed the Nvidia drivers and tried rolling back to the previous version as well as a couple of other things. No improvement. reply August 27, 2016 | 03:06 AM - Posted by quest4glory It may not be for everyone, but for people with a lot of Facebook friends, that's a built-in audience of potential viewership. The big accounts - that's where the real benefit comes in. reply August 27, 2016 | 01:06 AM - Posted by phillychuck Another useless streaming service. If anyone had a shot it would have been You Tube gaming, but that thing is terrible. I've avoided Facebook for almost 2 years now, just have a dummy account for looking at links people send me. reply August 27, 2016 | 03:11 AM - Posted by Branthog No. Not facebook. reply August 27, 2016 | 01:53 PM - Posted by NamelessTed I guess its good to see Blizzard putting some amount of effort into streaming. It shows that they are at least aware of it and are doing something to cater towards it. But Facebook? Really? I guess its better to do something different than try to implement half the features that OBS or Xsplit already has. People streaming on Twitch using real streaming software are just going to continue using that. Blizzard just can't compete with all of those features. The big wonder is whether somebody could continue doing their Twitch stream and just add Facebook if it doesn't take many more resources, but upload speed would be a major factor in that. reply August 29, 2016 | 12:50 AM - Posted by quest4glory Facebook is probably paying them. reply August 29, 2016 | 03:59 AM - Posted by Nev (not verified) Scott please ease up on the "That said" throw away line. It adds precious little to anything and you use it way too often. reply Post new comment Your name: * E-mail: * The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Comment: * Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Allowed HTML tags: <a> <em> <strong> <cite> <code> <ul> <ol> <li> <dl> <dt> <dd> <blockquote><p><br> Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. More information about formatting options Home page: By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. PC Perspective Upcoming Events 1/3 @ 10:00pm PST / 1:00am EST CES Podcast TBD 1/4 @ 10:00pm PST / 1:00am EST CES Podcast TBD 1/5 @ 10:00pm PST / 1:00am EST CES Podcast TBD 1/6 @ 10:00pm PST / 1:00am EST CES Podcast TBD2017-01-03T22:00:00-08:00 Get notified when we go live! PC Perspective Live! Google Calendar RSS Latest News Latest Videos Intel Allegedly Working to Replace Sandy Bridge Mate, those optical switches are Bloody loud on that B840 keyboard of yours! AMD's Drumming Up Excitement for Vega Need a pre-CES shopping list? ZOTAC AT CES 2017 - Thunderbolt 3 Zbox, TB3 external GPU dock Elitegroup showing new PC LIVA Z family at CES Annoy the neighbours from the comfort of the couch; 3D printed remote controlled snowblower Windows 10 "Game Mode" Library Spotted Podcast #431 - Das Keyboard, Samsung 750 EVO, ASUS X99, CES Predictions Kingston's value priced HyperX Cloud Stinger headset Home Reviews News Forums PC Perspective PCPER WEB About Twitter RSS Feed Reviews feed Copyright © PC Perspective 2000–2017
null
HOME NEWS MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS CELEBS FASHION TV/MOVIE TV MOVIE GEEK TECH ANIME GAMES SPORTS SCIENCE/HEALTH BUZZ Advertisement HOME / Geek Back to list » Geek Microsoft wants to perfect Surface Pro 5; Likely launch in 2017 By Maureen Blas / 2016.08.26 Microsoft Corporate Vice President Panos Panay introduces a new tablet titled the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 at a media event for new Microsoft products on October 6, 2015 in New York City. Every now and then giant tech companies launch devices that suit the next generation. Last year, Microsoft Window's release of Surface Pro is such a huge success and this makes the launching of Microsoft Surface Pro 5 the more exciting. Advertisement Specifications, price, and launching speculations have been circling the internet for quite some time now. Rumors came from different sources containing important details letting readers to distinguish facts from fads. "The digital revolution is changing the traditional workplace environment, making us more reliant on our peers to share knowledge and work together; while more people are working remotely and need to be productive from anywhere. And, the workforce demographic is shifting towards millennials who are more collaborative, multi-task more, and use multiple devices," according to a Microsoft blog post. The Microsoft Surface Pro 5 could include a 16 GB RAM, USB C support, Surface Pen integration and display that comes in 2K and 4K. It has been said that the device is to run on Windows Redstone 2 that will be released in Spring 2017, according to rumors. This makes it more likely for the Surface Pro 5 to launch next year. Additionally, There is also a word that the tablet will be built with Kaby Lake, Intel's new processor, according to iTechPost. With Kaby Lake inside the Surface Pro 5, means less drain on the device's battery life because of the lower power consumption. Rumors had it that the laptop-tablet hybrid will offer a new Nvidia Pascal or AMD Polaris graphics units or GPUs. The screen's resolution is anticipated to be 3,840 x 2,560 pixels. From some early reports, the Surface Pro 5 could reflect its Pro 4 precursor along with the unveiling before the year ends and might be alongside the launch of a Surface Book 2, Channel Pro reported. It could be that a 2017 launch will give more time for the company to smooth out any issues concerning the device's performance before its release. Microsoft wants to avoid the same issue that Surface Pro 4 experienced regarding the battery life. With the Surface carrying the Service Program, authorized distributors can tender Surface devices with a subscription model. This, in turn, enables users to get the most recent devices with fewer upgrade costs. It already has started in Europe with ALSO, a prominent Cloud Solution Provider. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Related Stories Geek iPad Mini 5: news, features and update; Shall be called iPad Pro Mini instead? By Maureen Blas / 2016.08.25 Geek Google to no longer brace Chrome apps on Windows, Mac, and Linux browsers By Maureen Blas / 2016.08.20 Buzz Leak shows not only two but three versions of new iPhone 7 By Maureen Blas / 2016.08.08 News Google Fiber to go wireless in LA and Chicago; Made Kansas City lab for new wireless plans By Maureen Blas / 2016.08.17 Advertisement Most Popular Drama 'Legend of the Blue Sea' Star Lee MinHo Spent Christmas Without Suzy Bae; Plans On Spending Time With 'Heirs' Park Shin Hye? By Caroline Strait / 2016.12.29 Geek ‘Tokyo Ghoul:re’ chapter 106 recap, 107 spoilers; Porpora reveals working with Furuta! By Ryan Dawn Umadhay / 2016.12.27 Buzz SBS draws flak for playing G-Friend’s song for TWICE’s performance at the ‘2016 SBS Gayo Daejun’ By diana / 2016.12.26 Music BTS sells out Gocheok Sky Dome twice in a row; Gives Suga a shout out during ‘2016 SAF Gayo Daejun’ By Riezel / 2016.12.27 Music EXO’s winter album winter special album 'For Life' tops music charts By Dianne Sencil / 2016.12.27 Drama ‘Goblin’ Update: ‘Train to Busan’ Star Proves His Worth; Showrunners Proud Of Him; Lee Dong Wook & Gong Yoo Success Unparalleled By Caroline Strait / 2016.12.29 Advertisement Sign up for our newsletter SUBSCRIBE BUZZ Russian singer accused of copying Taeyang’s ‘Eyes, Nose, Lips’ denies plagiarism By diana / 2017.01.02 1 Netizens slam Sulli for uploading ‘disturbing’ photos on Instagram By diana / 2017.01.01 2 Yi Technology announces Tricopter Drone with 4K 60fps video capturing capacity By Madhu Majumdar / 2016.12.31 3 Yoo Jae Suk accused of being ‘left’ supporter after acceptance speech at ‘2016 MBC Entertainment Awards’ By diana / 2016.12.31 4 Lee Jong Suk draws flak for short acceptance speech after winning highest award at ‘2016 MBC Drama Awards’ By diana / 2016.12.31 5 Advertisement LATEST T-Mobile News: Beats Verizon and other wireless carriers in speed test; 313 million subscriber coverage; geared up for 5G ‘Full Metal Alchemist’ live-action film features new visuals and trailer AMD Ryzen 2017 CPU line-up, price, specs, release date revealed; 5GHz CPU may entice Intel supporters Matthew McConaughey explains why he turned ‘Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2’ for ‘The Dark Tower’ Android 7 Nougat now available for OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T providing better features Advertisement Advertisement About Us Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy HOME NEWS MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT GEEK SCIENCE/HEALTH BUZZ Sign up for our newsletter SUBSCRIBE © copyright 2014 - 2017 ASZ News. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Main menu The Philippine Star Pilipino Star Ngayon The Freeman Pang-Masa Banat philstar.com Philippine News for the Filipino Global Community Masthead, pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 Tue | 01/03/2017 10:17am | Forex: $1:49.720 Search form Search Follow Us: Follow @PhilstarNews Secondary menu Home Headlines Opinion Nation World Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Other Sections Opinion ( Leaderboard Top ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 Let us mobilize for Duterte’s war on drugs FROM A DISTANCE By Carmen N. Pedrosa (The Philippine Star) | Updated August 27, 2016 - 12:00am It is obvious that Duterte’s reforms are being blocked by his enemies. Their objective is to blacken his image and make his campaign against drug lords difficult and frustrate government reform. They are not bothered that if the drug lords and their backers (politicians mostly)  are not stopped the drugs will proliferate and the problem will be impossible to solve. It is a war between criminals and their victims. Before that happens Filipinos must stop them or it will go out of hand. I am reprinting here the post of BayanKo’s adviser Jose Alejandrino which is now viralling in social media. We should not waste time with so-called congressional investigations from the very senators accused of protecting drug lords. Instead we should mobilize as we did in Duterte's Luneta rally to spare our country, the poor and especially the young, from the evil that confronts us. * * * The Alejandrino post calls the people to mobilize before is is too late. “Our nation faces imminent danger from the invasion of illegal drugs by foreign cartels. It has infected 93 percent of our barangays. It has impaired physically and mentally six million of our youth. It has corrupted many of our politicians at the national and local levels, and some police and judges. Since the start of anti-drug operations until Aug.1, some 1,800 were killed in drug-related operations, 10,153 were arrested, and over 600,000 pushers and addicts have surrendered. Of this total, 712 were killed since July 1. Many of these were cases of syndicates killing their own members to prevent them from talking to the authorities. Compare this to the statistics of the Colombian and Mexican drug wars. In Colombia, 220,000 were killed. In Mexico, 165,000, of which 12,500 were members of the drug cartels. Opinion ( Article MRec ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 In Thailand, 2,500 were killed, 280,000 pushers and addicts surrendered. The sale of illegal drugs dropped by 50 percent. 440 politicians and local officials were arrested. In June 2015, during the time of President Aquino, the crime rate in the Philippines rose by 46 percent. Mar Roxas was DILG secretary and Leila de Lima DOJ secretary. In July 2016 under President Duterte the crime rate dropped by 49 percent. These statistics came from official police sources. They speak for themselves. It is clear that the accusations of vigilante killings and human rights violations against President Duterte are greatly exaggerated by the Opposition like Leila de Lima, Frank Drilon, and Antonio Trillanes who have a political agenda, by human rights activists like Cookie Diokno, by foreign media like CNN and Australia’s 60 Minutes. It is also clear that those in the New York rally calling Duterte a mass murderer were not given the true facts. All this is directed towards weakening Duterte’s program to deny the billions of pesos drug lords earn from their trade. It is a concerted and coordinated campaign by these groups and individuals to destroy Duterte’s reputation, obstruct his program, erode his popularity, and replace him with Leni Robredo who said during her US tour that her role as VP was to wait for something to happen to the president. There are Intel reports of assassination plots against the president financed by drug lords, some rich oligarchs, and some members of the previous Aquino government who fear being tried for corruption by the Duterte government. This is not surprising. It is no secret the established order considers Duterte a bigger threat than drug lords because it risks losing its power and privileges. The president has vowed to dismantle the oligarchy responsible for the ills of this country. So the country faces not only imminent danger from foreign cartels but also imminent danger to its duly-elected president from rich oligarchs and especially LP members. These are the scums and traitors of the nation who deserve to be jailed. The only way to defeat this threat is to pre-empt it. To strike the enemies of the State before they strike. We have therefore reactivated plan B. This call for general mobilization of all the president's supporters who by now comprise the vast majority of our people is the first step to make them aware of what is happening to our country. We will let you know D-Day. Please spread around. Be ready.” * * * Not a few were shocked that President Duterte said we will quit the UN if it continues meddling in the internal affairs of the country.  Many did not know that threatening to quit the UN has precedents. Although withdrawal from the United Nations is not provided for in its charter, other countries have done or threatened to do so. The UN Charter deliberately made no provision for the withdrawal of member governments, largely to prevent the threat of withdrawal from being used as a form of political blackmail, or to evade obligations under the Charter. Japan threatened to withdraw from the League of Nations in March 1933 when the League condemned Japan’s invasion of China. The same with Germany and Italy. Nearer our shores Indonesia threatened to withdraw from the UN in 1965. So is it possible for a country to withdraw from the UN? “Rebus sic stantibus (Latin for "things thus standing") is the legal doctrine allowing for treaties to become inapplicable because of a fundamental change of circumstances) has been narrowly construed (although not referred to by name) in Articles 61 and 62 of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties. Therefore, under either customary international law or the Vienna Convention, it is unlikely that a state may unilaterally withdraw from the UN unless some fundamental change has occurred.” Therefore this column does not share Rep. Harry Roque’s opinion when he said that Duterte’s threat to withdraw from the UN is “impulsive, imprudent, and contrary to the interests of the nation.” Even an international body like the UN can err. What President Duterte meant when he threatened to withdraw from the UN is to show how seriously he takes his obligation as the President of the Philippines. When leaders of countries falter in their war on drugs because of outside interference it endangers the whole world because illegal drugs are an international menace. Moreover, interference by individuals, even if they are from UN, is often being done out of the context of what is happening in the country involved. It must be borne in mind that United Nations individuals do not necessarily speak for the whole body.   Opinion ( Article MRec ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 Click here to join the discussion Follow Us: Follow @PhilstarNews Sponsored Posts How about lechon with a twist this year? How to plan a successful last-minute New Year Party 5 ways online travel agencies make traveling a lot easier WATCH: Bianca Gonzalez's 'Paano Ba 'To' tips for mommies Outsmart fraudsters! Beware of these 4 scams this season Globe unveils new digital products, services How to find the perfect Christmas gifts Christmas at Iloilo Business Park Get free access to TFC when you send money with WorldRemit More Opinion EDITORIAL - Give her justice Oust-Duterte plot to fail at this time Communications Theologians on Du30 war on drugs Time to get rid of computerized elections 2017: Year of the ordinary Filipinos EDITORIAL – Collateral damage GSIS members: watch your bank New means to an end Duterte’s New Year’s resolution Sections Home Headlines Opinion Nation World Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Other Sections Feedback View the discussion thread. Opinion ( MRec ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 LATEST STORIES TRENDING Report: Pacquiao wants $20M guarantee vs Crawford January 3, 2017 - 8:50pm Djokovic advances at Qatar Open after slow start January 3, 2017 - 8:31pm Rose Parade features colorful floats, heavy police security January 3, 2017 - 9:38am Billie Lourd speaks out on deaths of mother, grandmother January 3, 2017 - 8:51am CamSur teacher seeks help to replace typhoon-wrecked classroom January 3, 2017 - 8:40am How about lechon with a twist this year? (Sponsored) View more » Opinion ( Button Ad ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 Opinion ( Skyscraper 1 ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Subscribe to Newspaper Site Map Privacy Policy Member Agreement Copyright Notice 6TH Floor, RFM Corporate Center Pioneer St., Mandaluyong City Philippines Tel. No. (632) 637-5400 For advertising concerns: email advertising@philstar.com For marketing concerns: email marketing@philstar.com the philippine star | pilipino star ngayon | the freeman | pang-masa | banat Copyright © 2012. Philstar. All Right Reserved
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Researchmoz Global Pvt.Ltd Tweet   At A CAGR Of 32% , Global Network Access Control Industry will rise in the period of 2016-2020 Researchmoz added Most up-to-date research on "Global Network Access Control market 2016-2020" to its huge collection of research reports. (EMAILWIRE.COM, August 27, 2016 ) Outlook of the global network access control market Technavios market research analyst predicts the global network access control (NAC) market to grow profoundly at a CAGR of nearly 32% by 2020. To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @ http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=494400 The recent rise in malware attacks on enterprise networks has forced companies to invest in NAC solutions to ensure authorized access to data. Moreover, a number of operating systems, such as iOS, Android, and Windows, have also improved their compatibility with NAC as it helps to ensure the security of the end users data. This growing adoption of the data protection solutions will result in this markets strong growth during the forecast period. Geographically, it is anticipated that the Americas will experience the highest adoption of NAC solutions during the forecast period. The augmented focus on web-based businesses in the BFSI, healthcare, and e-commerce sectors will lead to the steady growth of the NAC market in the Americas. Also, the growing adoption of Internet-of-Things (IoT) and M2M networks will result in this regions impressive market share of more than 55% by 2020. Product-based segmentation of the NAC market Hardware Software Services Technavio market research analysts have estimated the hardware segment to account for more than 69% of the total market share by 2020. The rising demand for NAC hardware in developing regions such as Latin America and APAC will help in the growth of this market segment during the forecast period. Segmentation by end user and analysis of the NAC market BFSI Government Healthcare Browse Detail Report With TOC @ http://www.researchmoz.us/global-network-access-control-market-2016-2020-report.html In this market research, analysts have estimated the BFSI segment to dominate the market for NAC solutions during the forecast period. Since cybercriminals often target banks and financial institutions for phishing and similar illegal activities, the need for NAC solutions in the BFSI segment will continually increase during the forecast period. The growing need for protecting critical data related to the financial sector will lead to this segments strong growth until 2020. Competitive landscape and key vendors The global network access control market is highly fragmented because of the presence of numerous small and large suppliers. The providers in this market compete on the basis of price, quality, innovation, service, reputation, distribution, and promotion to gain a competitive edge over their peers. The level of competition in this market has increased the number of mergers and acquisitions, wherein smaller entities are being acquired by or are being merged with, major players. Leading vendors in the market are - Aruba Networks Bradford Networks Cisco ForeScout Pulse Secure Other prominent vendors in the market include Auconet, Check Point Software Technologies, CloudGuard, Extreme Networks, Impulse Point, InfoExpress, Intel, Nellsoft, PacketFence, Palo Alto Networks, Portnox, ScanSource Communications, Sophos, and StillSecure. Key questions answered in the report include What will the market size and the growth rate be in 2020? What are the key factors driving the global network access control market? What are the key market trends impacting the growth of the global network access control market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global network access control market? Trending factors influencing the market shares of the Americas, EMEA, and APAC. What are the key outcomes of the five forces analysis of the network access control market? Technavio also offers customization on reports based on specific client requirement. Make an Enquiry of this report @ http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=494400 About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the one stop online destination to find and buy market research reports & Industry Analysis. We fulfill all your research needs spanning across industry verticals with our huge collection of market research reports. We provide our services to all sizes of organizations and across all industry verticals and markets. Our Research Coordinators have in-depth knowledge of reports as well as publishers and will assist you in making an informed decision by giving you unbiased and deep insights on which reports will satisfy your needs at the best price. For More Information Kindly Contact: ResearchMoz Mr. Nachiket Ghumare, Tel: +1-518-621-2074 USA-Canada Toll Free: 866-997-4948 Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn @ http://bit.ly/1TBmnVG Contact Information: Researchmoz Global Pvt.Ltd Researchmoz Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017

Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Eurotech Press Release Receive press releases from Eurotech: By Email RSS Feeds: Eurotech Announces a Design Win in Japan to Co-Develop Hardware Platform for Power Plant Control Equipment Eurotechs Japanese subsidiary Advanet selected by Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems, Ltd. to co-develop a CPU module for DIASYS Netmation 4S® Amaro, Italy, August 27, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Eurotech, through its Japanese subsidiary Advanet, a leading supplier of industrial embedded boards and systems, announced a design win for a hardware platform with greatly improved arithmetic processing performance compared to other conventional and embedded products. DIASYS® (Digital Intelligent Automation SYStem) Series are control systems for demanding automation solutions developed and manufactured by Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems, Ltd. (MHPS), a company formed by integrating the thermal power generation systems business of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd. and Hitachi, Ltd. DIASYS Netmation® is a distributed control system developed to ensure highest levels of reliability and efficiency. DIASYS Netmation® has an impressive track record of successful deployments at home and abroad, primarily for thermal power plant applications. Advanet has built a cooperative relationship as a partner in the development and manufacturing of CPU boards for DIASYS®, which was introduced in the 1980s for the control and monitoring of thermal power plants. This control system has been leveraged in different vertical scenarios that greatly expand its original scope, including thermal and geothermal power plants, space rocket launch sites, LNG carriers, factories, and office buildings. "We are excited to be part of the development of the next generation hardware platform of the DIASYS Netmation 4S® control system," said Robert Andres, CMO of Eurotech. "Advanet’s experience and solid track record for developing and delivering high-performance, high-reliable embedded computer systems makes Eurotech a strong partner in applications with very demanding requirements." The new co-developed CPU module offers significantly improved arithmetic processing capabilities compared to the current products. It is based on the experience aggregated in the DIASYS Netmation 4S offering, which passed functional safety certification IEC61508, required in control applications that demand highest levels of reliability and stability. The CPU module is based on the Intel® Xeon® Processor D-1500 or Pentium® Processor D1500, and realizes its extreme computational capability and an architecture that ensures highest levels of reliability. Advanet will also develop further elements of the platform, namely a support board that provides the interfaces for monitoring the plant’s control signals. Both the CPU module and IO board are leveraging the PICMG® COM Express® standard. About Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems, Ltd. Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems, Ltd. (MHPS) is a new company formed in 2014 integrating the thermal power generation systems businesses of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd. (MHI) and Hitachi, Ltd. For many years both companies have responded to the needs of customers engaged in power supply through provision of their world-class thermal power generation and environmental technologies. In view of global trends, MHI and Hitachi - two companies that share a corporate commitment to contribute to society through outstanding products and technologies - have integrated their thermal power generation systems businesses in a quest to further enhance their social response capabilities in all respects. Going forward, MHPS will respond with swiftness and assurance to the hopes and expectations of both its customers and the world at large for solutions to the dual issues of energy supply stability and environmental compatibility. Learn more about MHPS at www.mhps.com. About Eurotech Eurotech (ETH.MI) is a global company that combines hardware, software, professional services and vertical markets expertise to create embedded computing platforms and sub-systems addressing the needs of leading OEMs, system integrators and enterprise customers for successful and efficient deployment of their products and services. Eurotech’s embedded computers for special applications (NanoPCs) and supercomputers (HPCs) are capable of delivering unprecedented computational power, energy efficiency, density, scalability and availability. In Eurotech’s vision, NanoPCs and HPCs are the two major classes of devices that, by connecting to and co-operating with each other, form that pervasive computing infrastructure known today as the “Internet of Things”. Learn more about Eurotech at www.eurotech.com. Contact Information Eurotech Allison Yrungaray 626-841-1640 Contact www.eurotech.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Eurotech Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 03/01/2017 09:41:38 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   society Last update 11:45 | 27/08/2016    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Unemployment in surprise rise, but no cause for alarm VietNamNet Bridge – The unemployment rate in Vietnam has edged up 2.3% in the second quarter of 2016, as Southeast Asia’s fastest growing economy is dragged down a bit by a slowdown in mining and farming growth. An estimated one million workers were unemployed in the second quarter, up 16,400 against the previous quarter, the highest unemployment level in recent years, said Dao Quang Vinh from the Ministry of Labour. Mr Vinh, who heads up The Institute of Labour Science and Social Affairs, noted incomes also deteriorated for the quarter with the average monthly wages falling by US$10 (VND230,000) to US$210 (VND4.85 million). The drop in jobs and wages comes as the country’s economy has started to show signs of slipping, with the Ministry of Planning and Investment saying that GDP growth could come in at 6.27% for 2016 after a first half at around 5.5%. That slip reflects in part, said Mr Vinh, a sluggish mining industry, which covers offshore fossil fuel exploration. The government is now eyeing a boost in exploration for crude oil and natural gas, volumes of which fell in the first half of the year due to falling crude oil prices. Mining overall lost 2.2% in growth in the first half of 2016. Vietnam with its 91.7 million people strong population has built economic growth, which reached a seven-year high of 6.7% in 2015, said Mr Vinh, mainly on opening of the gates to export manufacturing. Factories have been invested by tech high-giants such as Hon Hai Precision, Intel and Samsung who have joined with more traditional plants pumping out fabrics, furniture and auto parts. These factories are hardly going away, he said, as its pretty much understood by everyone that the economy in general and manufacturing in particular is on a sound and sustainable future. As jobs move from agriculture to manufacturing, a slowdown is fully expected, but the slowdown (growth and jobs) in mining and farming dwarf in their contribution to the economy when compared to manufacturing. Dao Quang Vinh said the rising unemployment figures are attributable to a skills mismatch between training and market demand – excessive numbers in some areas such as business management and economics, but a shortage in technological and technical engineers. The figures showed 39% of those unemployed in the second quarter were well-educated, with over half of them possessing either junior college or full university degrees. The number of unemployed young living in metropolitan areas was 11.3% of the total, while in rural areas it was 5.24%. Long-term unemployed – those registered as out of work for more than a year – stood at 22.6%. We expect the labour market to deteriorate further with unemployment rising another 2% during the late months of the year, said Mr Vinh, which is fully to be expected and no cause for alarm as the economy shifts to a more industrial base.      related news Labour demand grows in HCM City Unemployment rate increases slightly in first three months Who is to blame for the high rate of unemployed university graduates? VOV Unemployment rate, farming growth, labour market, Vietnam economy, Vietnamnet bridge, English news about Vietnam, Vietnam news, news about Vietnam, English news, Vietnamnet news, latest news on Vietnam, Vietnam   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Social News 24/12 Social News 23/12 Hanoi official gets dismiss for assailing 76-yr-old man 20% of urban citizens are migrants 24 people killed in traffic accidents daily in Vietnam Ministry of Health reveals top 10 events of 2016 Apathy afflicts most corporate leaders, mid-level personnel: survey Locals open wallet for Christmas Vietnam sees 3,006 fire cases this year HCM City seeks help from ‘intellectuals’ to fix problems     Top Stories How are foreign banks performing in Vietnam? Deforestation in Central Highlands’ forests continues More Vietnamese students study abroad, but few foreigners enroll in VN Discovering Hoi An food paradise market Can Vietnam take full advantage of R&D projects? Domestic electronic industry yet to reach potential Vietnam probably has more than two dollar billionaires VFF Chair explains why Samsung has invested in Vietnam Online ad market: small firms fight against two US giants A special coffee tricycle on Saigon’s street Latest News Daklak to hold tours of coffee processing facilities Agricultural land thirsts for clean water Consultants warn against startup movement among youth Vietnam expects foreign capital to help restructure weak banks Getting lost in the lush mangrove greenery of Bay Mau Terraced hydropower plants on small rivers contribute to flooding Young scientist lends his name to three plant species Online math competition a race of ‘fighting cocks’ 2.5 million people in Hanoi lack clean water Vietnam's 2016 inflation in check     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Week In Review: 'Strengthened' Yellen, Mylan EpiPen Furor, Best Buy Hot, Dollar Stores Pinched Mylan CEO Heather Bresch came under heavy fire for the drugmaker's big EpiPen price hikes. (AP) IBD STAFF 8/26/2016 Reprints Federal Reserve chief Janet Yellen said the case for a rate hike is stronger now, but investors weren't sure what to make of that. Pfizer (PFE) paid $14 billion for a one-drug biotech, but shares of drugs and pharma supply chain companies sold off as Mylan's (MYL) EpiPen price hikes drew outrage. Best Buy (BBY) earnings surprised investors, while dollar stores came under pressure. Stocks Retreat, Sideways Trade Continues For the week, the Nasdaq fell 0.4%, the S&P 500 0.7% and the Dow 0.8%. The major averages are still in sideways action. Drug stocks were big movers on Pfizer's Medivation (MDVN) deal and Mylan's EpiPen furor. Dollar stores suffered heavy losses as competition from Wal-Mart (WMT) was heating up. Yellen: Rate Hike Case 'Strengthened' Fed Chair Janet Yellen said at Friday's long-awaited speech that the case for an interest rate hike has "strengthened in recent months." That followed other modestly hawkish statements from fellow Fed policymakers. However, Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer said Yellen's comments were consistent with a September rate increase. He saw the possibility of two rate hikes this year. Markets had already priced a Fed move, perhaps in December, but they don't expect any quick follow-up House (Data) Divided New-home sales soared to a 654,000 annual rate in July, by far the highest since October 2007, the Commerce Department reported. The 12% rise from June surprised economists looking for a slight dip to 580,000. Luxury homebuilder Toll Bros. (TOL) confirmed that the high end of the market is prospering, reporting a 69% jump in third-quarter earnings per share, a 23.5% rise in revenue and a strong backlog of orders. Existing-home sales fell more than expected in July, though that was from June's cycle high. But applications for loans to buy a home fell to a six-month low. Toll shares soared to a seven-month high, moving above their 200-day moving average. Durable goods orders jumped 4.4% in July, or 1.5% excluding transportation, with both results better than expected. Core capital goods orders rose 1.5% after a small June gain, the first back-to-back increase for the business investment proxy since January 2015. Mylan's Epic-Pen Failure The generic drugmaker Mylan sold off 11.55% for the week as members of the Senate and other politicians started inquiring into its price increases on its emergency allergy drug/device EpiPen. That fueled selling in drug and biotech stocks. Mylan CEO Heather Bresch, daughter of Sen. Joe Machin, D-W.V., said only a fraction of the $608 list price makes it back to Mylan, due to all the middlemen, leading shares of Express Scripts (ESRX), CVS Health (CVS) and AmerisourceBergen (ABC) to fall as well. Pfizer Buys Medivation, Antibiotics Big pharma Pfizer agreed to buy Medivation for $14 billion in cash, snatching the cancer-drug specialist from Sanofi (SNY), which had been trying for months to acquire Medivation. Biotechs rallied Monday on the news, with BioMarin Pharmaceutical (BMRN) jumping on rumors that it was Sanofi's second choice of target. On Wednesday, Pfizer agreed to buy the antibiotics business of AstraZeneca (AZN) for $725 million plus possible future milestone and sales payments and royalties that could amount to $850 million. Oil Settles In Oil prices may be settling into a trading range in the mid to high $40 range. OPEC members gave conflicting signals over whether they might support a production freeze, while Goldman Sachs said such a move would not "be sufficient to support prices much further." Meanwhile, the Energy Information Administration said U.S. crude inventories rose by 2.5 million barrels vs. expectations for a small drop. Domestic production fell slightly. Mobileye The road to self-driving cars got a little more crowded as Mobileye (MBLY) announced it will partner with General Motors (GM) supplier Delphi Automotive (DLPH) to jointly develop off-the-shelf autonomous driving technology for automakers. The two companies will co-develop "the market's first turnkey Level 4/5 automated driving solution." Mobileye already has deal with BMW (BMWYY) and Intel (INTC) to bring an autonomous vehicle to market by 2021. Mobileye shares spiked Tuesday on the Delphi news, briefly topping a buy point. Shares rose 2.3% for the week. Tesla Motors (TSLA), which is ending its business relationship with Mobileye, introduced new versions of its Model S and X that boosts speeds and driving range, powered by an updated battery technology. Tesla said its upgraded Model S is now the fastest-accelerating car in commercial production. Tesla shares fell 2.2%, closing below the 50-day line and just above the 200-day line. Tesla partner Nvidia (NVDA) unveiled a new processor for autonomous driving, saying it's 50%-100% more powerful than other mobile processors. Ulta Beauty Guidance Flawed The beauty products retailer reported better-than-expected earnings and sales, with yet another quarter of double-digit same-stores growth. Ulta Beauty (ULTA) also raised full-year EPS guidance. But its Q3 profit range was a little cautious. Ulta shares have been on a strong run-up, so it may have been priced for perfection. Ulta shares tumbled 6% on Friday, undercutting its 50-day moving average. Workday Workday (WDAY) reported a wider-than-expected Q2 adjusted loss. But it topped on some key metrics, including revenue, which rose 34% to $377.7 million. But shares of the cloud-based human resources software maker rose 2.5%, hitting a 2016 high on Thursday. Talend July IPO Talend (TLND) lost an adjusted $1.84 a share, according to its late Thursday release, but the French Big Data firm later clarified that the bottom line actually met estimates for a loss of 31 cents a share after adjusting for the share count following its initial offering. Revenue rose 38% to $25.4 million, just beating. Talend sees Q3 losses in line with views, but it guided revenue slightly higher. Shares fell 4% after much bigger intraday losses. Best Buy, GameStop Divide Investors Best Buy (BBY) stock jumped 21% for the week to a 17-month high on better-than-expected sales and earnings for its fiscal second quarter, including a surprise increase in same-store sales. The consumer electronics retailer credited rising demand for wearable technology, appliances and home-theater systems for the increase. Video game and electronics retailer GameStop (GME) disappointed investors with in-line EPS and below-forecast sales. Dollar Stores Are Discounted Discount retailers Dollar General (DG) and Dollar Tree (DLTR) suffered double-digit share price losses, as both reported second-quarter results that came up short of Wall Street expectations, with falling grocery prices and tougher competition hurting sales. Those results came as Wal-Mart is waging its own campaign to cut prices, a move that could draw more customers who have become more cautious with their spending. Jewelers Mixed Meanwhile, the jeweler Tiffany (TIF) held to its full-year outlook, while its Q2 EPS beat views, helping to boost shares. However, Signet Jewelers (SIG), the parent of mall jewelers Kay, Jared and Zales, slashed its fiscal-year outlook, partly due to difficulties "in the energy-dependent regions." Those regions' economies have been hurt by cheap oil and other commodities. HP Beats, But Guidance Weak HP Inc. (HPQ) reported that its fiscal Q3 earnings per share minus one-time items jumped 37% in fiscal Q3 to 48 cents on a 4% decline in sales to $11.89 billion, both better than views. For the current quarter, the printer and PC maker sees non-GAAP EPS of 34-37 cents, vs. consensus for 41 cents. HP is reducing its printing supplies inventory and is deeply discounting printers to expand its installed base. Shares closed little changed after a brief Thursday morning sell-off. Share this: Related news Stocks retreated Friday morning, the final session of 2016. (iStockphoto) Stocks Open Higher, Turn Lower; Mylan Rises, Nvidia Falls 12/30/2016 The major market averages started the session higher but have turned lower on 2016's final trading day. 12/30/2016 The major market averages started the session higher but have... Retailers Face 2017 'Reckoning,' More 'Sad Malls' As Amazon Keeps Booming Social Security Benefit Cuts In 2017 May Curb Trump's Plans These Five Household Names Are The Biggest Dow Dogs Seattle Genetics Gets Price-Target Cut On FDA News, But Shares Up Ross, Burlington Offer Retail Havens: Investing Action Plan More Than Bitcoin: Blockchain's Links Reach JPMorgan, IBM, Wal-Mart Amazon Gaining Holiday Season Share Vs. Best Buy, Wal-Mart, Apple Allergan Outlook Improves On Good Trial For Colon Drug: Credit Suisse Today's Spotlight MarketSmith Premium Get on the fast track to New Year profits with a MarketSmith trial. Free IBD Trading Summits Attend a Summit in Florida in January to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News T. Rowe Price's David Wagner likes the widening use of semiconductors made by Entregris. (Kris Tripplaar/Sipa USA/Newscom) Where Mutual Fund Bigwigs Expect To See Stock Gains In 2017 Internet TV network Netflix is predicted to be a takeover target in 2017. (Beto Chagas/Shutterstock.com) Bold Tech M&A Predictions For 2017: Netflix, Twitter, GoPro In Play Get the #1 trading app in the App Store from TD Ameritrade Promoted Content By TD Ameritrade Special Report 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review Get the right "recipe" for making money in 2017 with stocks, ETFs, mutual funds and bonds. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 02, 9:40 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Releases New tvOS 10 Beta Ahead Of Full Release; ‘Unlikely To Add Anything Big’ To Previously Revealed Features By Mike Luces On 08/26/16 AT 10:22 PM Close Apple just released the newest beta version of tvOS 10, the Cupertino giant’s upcoming operating system for its Apple TV digital media player. However, since the new software is already the seventh beta, it is not expected to come with new features or anything big for that matter. According to Cult of Mac, Apple rolled out two new beta software this Friday — the eighth beta of iOS 10 and the seventh beta of tvOS 10. The site noted that though both betas do not have release notes yet, it is unlikely for both to “add anything big” to the previously revealed features of the full updates that have been leaked by the previous betas. Apple’s upcoming OS for its Apple TV is said to come with major upgrades, like the introduction of Dark Mode and the inclusion of Single Sign-on, HomeKit, an enhanced Siri and a new UI for the Music Apple Music, among others. The new Dark Mode settings option is said to offer an enhanced visual experience in darker rooms, while Single Sign-on enables users to sign in once to authenticate cable credentials of all cable-supported apps, as per MacRumors. Related Stories Why Apple Is 'Likely' To Use Intel Chips In Future iOS Devices HomeKit, which is Apple's application for home automation, is said to have been enhanced with more options, so users can manage more HomeKit accessories. In addition, Siri will get more language support and its topic-based search capabilities have been expanded. As for the new implementations within the Music app, 9To5Mac has learned that the Apple Music is getting a new user interface and a Library view that is inspired by the iPod Classic’s UI. To install the new tvOS 10 beta, first-time users are advised to look for the software on Apple’s Developer Center. On the other hand, developers and testers who are already enrolled in the beta testing program can get the update by just clicking on their devices’ Software Update section. It is also worth noting that the installation of the seventh tvOS 10 beta requires the connection of the Apple TV to a computer using a USB-C to USB-A cable. The upcoming tvOS 10 was announced in June at the 2016 Worldwide Developers Conference, and it is slated to be released sometime this fall. Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of January. Technology Is 'Mass Effect: Andromeda' Coming To The Nintendo Switch? “Mass Effect: Andromeda” producer Michael Gamble has revealed whether or not the game is coming to Nintendo’s upcoming console hybrid. World American Survived Istanbul Attack By 'Playing Dead' William Jacob Raak took a bullet and remained in place as a rampage went on around him. National Lake Erie Plane Crash Victim Was College Student Megan Casey was returning home with her family after seeing an NBA game when the plane she was flying in disappeared. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 02, 9:46 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Releases New iOS 10 Beta But Software Release Receives Complaints From Users By Mike Luces On 08/26/16 AT 9:32 PM Close Apple is now rolling out its newest beta version of iOS 10 for developers and beta testers to test out the features of the upcoming mobile OS that was announced at the 2016 Worldwide Developers Conference in June. Unfortunately, some users are complaining about an error that would not allow them to access the new beta software. On Friday,  the Cupertino giant released the eighth beta of iOS 10 to developers and the seventh beta of the new mobile OS to public beta testers. The new build for developers is identified as 14A5346a, while the build for public testers is named 14T5329a. Unlike the previous beta releases, however, the newest iOS 10 beta seems to have a shaky rollout, with Apple Insider reporting that the update was met with complaints from users — possibly both developers and public beta testers — claiming that the software could not be found and that their devices alerted them that they were “Unable to Check for Update.” Related Stories Why Apple Is 'Likely' To Use Intel Chips In Future iOS Devices It isn’t clear if the issue has already been addressed as of writing. Nonetheless, Friday’s release is expected to fix certain bugs and issues found in the previous beta versions released by Apple — the same thing that the seventh developer beta came with. The release of the new iOS 10 beta actually hints at the imminent release of the official mobile OS this fall. Per MacRumors, the iOS 10 is a major OS update that should come with new features, like 3D Touch-enabled notifications, a new widgets screen, an overhauled Messages app, an enhanced Photos app and a redesigned Control Center, among many others. MacRumors also stated that the eighth beta of iOS 10 could be the final beta version prior the planned announcement of the iOS 10 this fall. The golden master of iOS 10 is expected to be launched the same day as the public unveiling of Apple’s new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Apple is also scheduled to launch and release the watchOS 3, macOS Sierra and tvOS 10 sometime this fall. Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of January. Technology Is 'Mass Effect: Andromeda' Coming To The Nintendo Switch? “Mass Effect: Andromeda” producer Michael Gamble has revealed whether or not the game is coming to Nintendo’s upcoming console hybrid. World American Survived Istanbul Attack By 'Playing Dead' William Jacob Raak took a bullet and remained in place as a rampage went on around him. National Lake Erie Plane Crash Victim Was College Student Megan Casey was returning home with her family after seeing an NBA game when the plane she was flying in disappeared. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Yahoo7 The West Australian Digital EditionPlace an adAnnouncements NewsSportBusinessPoliticsOpinionLifestyleEntertainmentTravelTechnology Menu iconAll Sections All Sections News Show WA News Australia World News Regional WA 7 News Perth Offbeat Weather Countryman Sport Show AFL WAFL Rugby Union Rugby League Cricket Horse Racing Soccer Basketball Tennis Motorsport Business Show Markets Commercial Property Mining Energy Startups Agriculture Public Companies Politics Show Federal Politics State Politics Local Government Regional Politics World Politics Opinion Show Editorials Inside Cover Dean Alston Letters Paul Murray Gareth Parker Daniel Emerson Shane Wright Andrew Probyn Colleen Egan Lifestyle Show Food Drink Health & Wellbeing New Homes Real Estate Home Decorating Garden Retirement Fashion Motoring Entertainment Show Movies TV Music Theatre Books Arts Celebrity Gossip Festivals Travel Show WA Travel Australasia Pacific Asia Europe Americas Antarctica Cruising Holidays Photography Travel Tips Technology Show Gadgets Gaming Internet Apps Smartphones Hardware Science Innovation Telecommunications Security Tuesday, 03 January, 2017 SCG heroicsWarner unleashes fastest Aussie century since Bradman Australian opener draws widespread praise after brining up a century before lunch. an hour ago Negligence battleFather sues after one-in-a million vaccine reaction Man left disabled by whooping cough vaccination pursues claim against State 6 hours ago Hot spellPerth heats up with 39C today More hot weather today and tomorrow before a cool-down later in the week. 5 hours ago Car v houseCar crashes into Lockridge home Vehicle reportedly driven into house deliberately, one in custody. 4 hours ago More roomsHotel boom a game changer The six-star Crown Towers is the first of 24 new hotels to open in and around Perth 11 hours ago Hopman CupThe cult of Roger Federer alive and kicking in Perth The investment made in luring tennis legend to WA has paid for itself and then some. 24 minutes ago Road tollDriver dies in Harvey crash, third road death for 2017 The man was driving on Quindanning Road when his car left the road and hit a tree. 5 hours ago Foul playMariah Carey promises ‘full investigation’ of NYE fail Source close to star says she won’t be letting it go. 2 hours ago Tourism pushRoo selfie selling WA in leaps and bounds A kangaroo selfie and an image of Elizabeth Quay are among most popular photographs 11 hours ago Inside CoverGoogle Map name change fail for Armadale Talk about some geographical confusion. 4 hours ago Music racketScammers demand iTunes giftcards, bitcoin as loot Criminals use Facebook and fake trusted brands to trick you out of money. 3 hours ago Fire powerWarner heroics have Aussies well in control at SCG Australian opener blasts half-century off just 41 balls in SCG Test. 2 hours ago Opinionmore Inside CoverGoogle Map name change fail for Armadale Talk about some geographical confusion. Liam Croy 4 hours ago Air quality concernHalt Roe 8 to assess true costs of pollution Dr Sue Graham-Taylor AM is a conservationist and historian. Sue Graham-Taylor a day ago Death and taxesBudget forecasts are wide of the mark If forecasts are wrong the election winner is in for a world of fiscal pain. Shane Wright | Economics Editor a day ago NewsSportBusinessPoliticsOpinionLifestyleEntertainmentTravelTechnology Menu iconAll Sections All Sections News Show WA News Australia World News Regional WA 7 News Perth Offbeat Weather Countryman Sport Show AFL WAFL Rugby Union Rugby League Cricket Horse Racing Soccer Basketball Tennis Motorsport Business Show Markets Commercial Property Mining Energy Startups Agriculture Public Companies Politics Show Federal Politics State Politics Local Government Regional Politics World Politics Opinion Show Editorials Inside Cover Dean Alston Letters Paul Murray Gareth Parker Daniel Emerson Shane Wright Andrew Probyn Colleen Egan Lifestyle Show Food Drink Health & Wellbeing New Homes Real Estate Home Decorating Garden Retirement Fashion Motoring Entertainment Show Movies TV Music Theatre Books Arts Celebrity Gossip Festivals Travel Show WA Travel Australasia Pacific Asia Europe Americas Antarctica Cruising Holidays Photography Travel Tips Technology Show Gadgets Gaming Internet Apps Smartphones Hardware Science Innovation Telecommunications Security The West Network West ClassifiedsThe GameWest BenefitsAirline RatingsSeven West Travel ClubWest AnnouncementsJobfinderWest CompetitionsMedia EducationQuokka Subscribe to The West Australian NewspaperThe West Email NewslettersThe West Digital Edition Other Contact UsFrequently Asked QuestionsEditorial PolicyEditorial ComplaintsPlace an Ad in the ClassifiedsAdvertise in The WestCorporateWork for Us © The West Australian and Seven West Media (WA). All rights reserved. Privacy PolicyTerms & Conditions The West Australian
Radar Home Breaking News Featured Photos Viral Videos Kardashian Khronicles Reality TV Scandals Weird But True ‘RHONY’ Drama 8Luann De Lesseps 'Pissed' At Jill Zarin For Destroying Her Wedding6 hours ago - 8 photos 8'RHONY' Star Luann De Lesseps' Ceremony Secrets Exposed1 day ago - 8 photos Luann De Lesseps Faces A 'RHONY' Crisis Ahead Of Her Ceremony2 days ago 12Wedding Bell Countdown! Luann de Lesseps’ Secret Wedding Details Exposed3 days ago - 12 photos 9'RHONY' Fakery REVEALED — Something's Rotten In The Big Apple!1 month ago - 9 photos Mariah Carey’s New Year’s Eve Performance 10Dick Clark's Team Fires Back At Mariah Carey's 'Sabotage' Claims8 hours ago - 10 photos 8Mariah Carey Believes She Was 'Sabotaged' During Disaster NYE Performance1 day ago - 8 photos 11Oops! Most Shocking Wardrobe Malfunctions Of 20166 days ago - 11 photos 16X-Rated! The 15 Sexiest Social Media Snaps Of 2016 Revealed1 week ago - 16 photos 7Junk Food, Fried Crickets, & Liquid Diets – Celebrities' Strange Diets Revealed2 weeks ago - 7 photos EMAIL US A TIP Search EMAIL US A TIP FacebookTwitter Name Email Phone Your Tip send Yes, please sign me up to receive The Daily Juice Privacy Policy send 73 Days To Election Kremlin Connection? The TRUTH About Hillary’s Shady Ties To Russia REVEALED Find out why insiders say Clinton has some explaining to do. By Radar Staff Posted on Aug 26, 2016 @ 17:11PM Getty Images Americans have no idea just how closely Hillary Clinton is tied to the Kremlin! That’s the shocking claim of a new report that alleges the Democratic nominee is secretly pals with Vladimir Putin and his countrymen. Peter Schweizer, the author of Clinton Cash, has published a report that claims that that Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta was on the executive board of a foreign company that received $35 million from the Kremlin. “The company was a transparent Russian front, and how much Podesta was compensated — and for what — is unclear. In addition, Podesta failed to disclose his position on that board to the Federal government, as required by law,” John Schindler of the Observer wrote. As Radar previously reported, when Clinton was secretary of state, she profited from the “Russian Reset,” a failed attempt to improve relations between the U.S. and Russia. PHOTOS: J Lo, Leo, Housewives & More! The Stars Turn Out For Hillary Clinton Fundraiser Schweizer wrote, “Many of the key figures in the Skolkovo process — on both the Russian and U.S. sides — had major financial ties to the Clintons. During the Russian reset, these figures and entities provided the Clintons with tens of millions of dollars, including contributions to the Clinton Foundation, paid for speeches by Bill Clinton, or investments in small start-up companies with deep Clinton ties.” Schweizer also details “Skolkovo,” a Silicon Valley-like campus that both the U.S. and Russia worked on for developing biomed, space, nuclear and IT technologies. He told the New York Post that there was a “pattern that shows a high percentage of participants in Skolkovo who happen to be Clinton Foundation donors.” Skolkovo is nothing like Silicon Valley, however. It’s funded mostly by the Kremlin and President Vladmir Putin has taken a vested interest in the high-tech complex, understanding that it has great value to the country’s defense and security sector. Clinton had pushed American and European investment in Skolkovo, getting Cisco, Google, and Intel to join in. The three companies were coincidently Clinton Foundation investors as well. “Hillary Clinton’s ties to Russia, and to entities that are basically subsidiaries of the FSB, are deeper than those of Donald Trump and they are much less transparent,” Redstate reported. Clinton was once ready to agree to a deal which would have given Russia increased power over uranium markets, for example. Despite warnings against the deal, Clinton’s State Department approved. PHOTOS: Email Leak Exposes Hillary’s Sick Obsession With Anthony Weiner Sexting Scandal “One thing you can bet on with mathematical certainty is that the Russian FSB has compromised Hillary Clinton and her inner circle to such an extent that you can bet that US policy will be subordinated to the Kremlin’s strategy,” Redstate wrote. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Share Hillary Clinton Comments 87 Hot Photos Hollywood, through the Radar lens! Radar's Free Newsletter TheDailyJuice Thank you for subscribing! DBU Article Most Popular Naughty Or Nice? Inside Kylie Jenner & Blac Chyna's Christmas Catfight They're Back! 'Sex And The City' Cast Officially Signed On To Film Third Movie Late '16 & Pregnant' Star Valerie Fairman 'Loved' Her Daughter 'More Than Anything!' Last Ditch Effort! Inside Kim's Struggle To Save Her Broken Marriage To Kanye Crazy In Love — Again! Inside Beyonce & Jay Z’s Lavish Christmas Plans Take It All Off! The 10 Hottest Nude Scenes Of 2016 Exposed Grandpa To The Rescue! Tom Hanks Is 'Doing A Great Job' Helping Son's Love Child Take Them Out! Nicole Removes Breast Implants Over Shocking Death Fear Inside Late '16 & Pregnant' Star Valerie Fairman's Painful Struggle To Save Her Life Blac Chyna's Desperate Attempts To Win Over Kardashians EXPOSED © 2017 Radar Online, LLC Powered by BS AdvertisersPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use
Skip to content Hackaday Primary Menu Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Submit About January 2, 2017 Books You Should Read: The Soul of A New Machine 46 Comments by: Adam Fabio August 26, 2016 If there was one book that describes what it means to be in the trenches of a cutting edge design, that book is The Soul Of a New Machine. Tracy Kidder’s Pulitzer prize-winning book has been an inspiration to thousands over the years. Soul is the story of the creation of the Data General Eclipse MV/8000, code-named Eagle. Eagle was Data General’s first 32-bit minicomputer. If you’re not a retrocomputing aficionado, minicomputers were a major industry back in the 70’s and 80’s. Starting in 1964 with the Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) PDP-8, minis provided a low-cost means for companies to get a computer. The only other option was a huge mainframe from companies like IBM. Minicomputers chugged along until the 1990s when microprocessor-based PCs and workstations passed them by. The market, and the industry evaporated. Today, more than 30 years later, minicomputers are all but forgotten. Data General itself is long gone, purchased by EMC in 1999. DG’s mark on the landscape has all but been erased by the swiftly moving sands of technical progress. All except for the snapshot Kidder set down in Soul. An MV/8000 installation (from DG literature) The technical side of designing a new computer is just one part of this book. The Soul of a New Machine is three stories: the story of the engineers, the story of the managers, and the story of the machine they built. For this reason, the book has found itself on the reading list of engineering schools and management institutes alike. The thing that makes this book appeal to the masses is Kidder’s uncanny ability to explain incredibly complex topics in layman’s terms. He manages to explain the inner workings of a 32-bit CPU, all the way down to the level of microcode. He delves into Programmable Array Logic (PALs), forerunners of the CPLD and FPGA devices you read about on our pages today. PALs were a hot new technology back in the late 70’s. They allowed the Eagle team to make changes quickly — without pulling out their wire wrapping tools. Kidder manages to explain these things in a way that doesn’t leave the average Joe scratching their head, yet doesn’t bore the technically savvy. If he ever decides to stop writing non-fiction, Tracy Kidder would have a career writing user manuals. The Soul of a New Machine starts in a very unlikely place – on the deck of a sailing ship during a rough storm. The scene is our introduction to the star of the book – Tom West, a manager at Data General. West is multifaceted and enigmatic to say the least. A folk guitarist who was inspired to work on electronics by the Apollo program. He was a few years too late for NASA though. Eventually he found himself travelling the world building and adjusting incredibly accurate clocks at astronomical observatories for the Smithsonian. This meandering path eventually led him to DG, where he was hired as a computer engineer and quickly worked his way up the ranks. Data General was already working on a 32-bit computer at this point. The company’s best and brightest engineers had started on “Fountainhead”, which was a no holds barred next generation machine. Disputes over taxes between Data General and the Massachusetts government caused the company to move the entire FHP team to North Carolina’s RTP. West headed up the group which designed Eclipse computers – the bread and butter 16-bit minicomputers which kept the lights on at Data General. This set the stage for a bitter inter-company rivalry, as well as fierce competition for resources. Several of West’s programs were cancelled before they ever got out the door. To put it bluntly, he was pissed. West went to CEO Edson de Castro and asked what he wanted. The answer was simple: A 32-bit Eclipse without a mode bit. Of Men and Mode bits Any company has to deal with old products. In the computing world, the term is legacy. In the computing industry, it’s a particularly nasty problem. New generations of a computer usually need to be compatible with the older ones. Breaking compatibility would mean all the customers software has to be ported — a long and arduous job that opens the door for a competitor to swoop in. How does a designer add new features, yet maintain compatibility with older software? The answer is often a mode bit. In “legacy mode” the new machine acts exactly like the old generation. Switch to “modern mode” and the true power of the new computer is unlocked. The problem is that future generation machines will need a different mode bit for compatibility with every generation that came before it. A (simplified) example of this is Intel’s x86 architecture. The 286 had to be compatible with the 8086, so protected mode was created. Fast forward to x86-64, and we’re up to 7 modes, switching between 16, 32, and 64-bit systems. West couldn’t build a computer on his own. He pulled in lieutenants Carl Alsing and Ed Rasala. Together they recruited a team of 20-somethings, fresh out of college. The engineers fell into two groups – The Hardy Boys, who designed the hardware, and the microkids, who wrote the microcode. Everyone on the project performed an informal ritual of “signing up” — a term coined by West. An engineer signing up for a project agrees to go above and beyond the call of duty to ensure the project succeeds. Saturdays, Sundays, 90+ hour weeks, whatever it took. All this came at the cost of the engineer’s personal life. Getting fresh college grads to sign up was easy. Tracy Kidder (left) and Tom West give a talk at the computer museum West wasn’t a friendly manager. He didn’t say hello, or even acknowledge his new recruits in the hallways. One even nicknamed him “the prince of darkness”. It was all a form of mushroom management and clever (if immoral) manipulation to get the most out of the team. On the other hand, West insulated his team from the distractions of upper management. They toiled away in a basement hidden from view. It’s with West and these engineers that Kidder spends much of the book. He became embedded, visiting the workers’ houses, meeting their families, looking at the hobbies and artwork they spent time on before the Eagle project. Learning their hopes, dreams, and what drove them to work as hard as they did. This is after all, a book about history, so stop here if you don’t want any spoilers. Suffice it to say the team eventually did get the Eagle out the door. In a political move, West was shipped off to Data General Japan. The Eagle was broken up with many of them leaving the company to find new jobs. If any of them were expecting accolades and stock options from the company, they were slow in coming. Wired magazine checked in on the engineers back in 2000. Now, as the 20-somethings of 1978 approach retirement, you can find them on LinkedIn and other social media sites. Once the book went to print, the team, especially West, became minor celebrities in the computer industry. Data General used this to their advantage, trotting West out whenever they could to sign books and promote new designs. He wasn’t exactly happy about that, but he stayed with the company until 1998, when he retired. West passed on in 2011. His obituary made the New York Times. His daughter, Jessamyn West, an accomplished librarian and MetaFilter staffer, posted a link to his Flickr page. While it doesn’t contain many photos of the Data General Eagle project, It does have shots of Tom’s fabled home workshop. The story of the Eagle isn’t unique, in fact, nearly every company has a story that the staff reminisces about. One about a project where people put in crazy hours, and got the work done against all odds. The difference is that this project was put down in words everyone can understand and relate to. Tracy Kidder’s abilities can’t be overstated here. The Soul of A New Machine had an impact on engineers at the time, and in the decades since. I found one example talking to the Hackaday writing staff: An engineer working on the Commodore 128 was told to remove the 128/64 mode bit. It almost worked, except for a bug in the font ROM which was brought to light by the popular koala paint program. [Bil Herd], lead hardware designer on the 128, had read the book too. He decided to keep a pseudo-mode bit handy, essentially a summation of all the things that were switched on in 64 mode. [Bil’s] insurance policy paid off with this bug. The 128/64 mode bit was used to switch between the original C64 font ROMs and the extended 128 ROM. Further Reading The Soul of a New Machine on Amazon Tom West and Tracy Kidder’s 1983 talk at the computer museum (pdf link) O, Engineers: Wired,  December 1, 2000 Souls, Lost and Found: Wired, December 1, 2000 Tom West’s obituary: The New York Times May 27, 2011 Posted in classic hacks, Hackaday Columns, InterestTagged Data General, eagle, Eclipse MV/8000, The Soul of a New machine, Tom West Post navigation ← Intel Makes A Cool Robot Brain In Latest Attempt to Pry Hackers From Their Wallets Interactive Dynamic Video → 46 thoughts on “Books You Should Read: The Soul of A New Machine” nsayer says: August 26, 2016 at 10:08 am “If he ever decided to stop writing non-fiction, he’d have a career writing user manuals.” Sick tech-pubs burn, Hackaday. Report comment Reply Mike Szczys says: August 26, 2016 at 12:06 pm I must say I balked when editing this as well. But re-read what Adam wrote at the beginning of the paragraph. In that context this is a compliment — he doesn’t just have fiction chops, he has technical chops too and the ability to balance the two together. Report comment Reply Adam Fabio says: August 26, 2016 at 3:15 pm I guess you could interpret that as saying tech pubs people write fiction. While that wasn’t my intention, I have met some tech pubs staff who live in a fictional world where everything works great and no one needs to troubleshoot. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 3:37 pm Yeah you can’t have alpha geeks doing documentation, everything works out of sheer intimidation. You need a beta on there that everything goes wrong for and really appreciates the hard fought solution. Report comment Reply radiusmike says: August 26, 2016 at 5:17 pm One of the best technology books I have ever read. Report comment Reply Christopher Favreau says: August 26, 2016 at 10:12 am I really love the book. I have read it twice. The book is a really good look into an engineering team and how true hard work pays off. It is a great book for getting the spark going on a project you have slacked off on too. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 10:28 am Yes, it’s a pretty good read. It’s almost a cross between Arthur Haley in how it compares to the fictional work Wheels in structure and pacing, and Tom Wolfe for the nitty gritty non-fic realism. A later work “House” is quite good also, giving you the insight into the making of a thing. Report comment Reply Miles says: August 27, 2016 at 8:04 am Read this when it first came out, great read. Don’t forget – https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Cuckoo%27s_Egg while we’re talking classics! Report comment Reply Brian Benchoff says: August 26, 2016 at 10:24 am Quick aside: Data General programmers were paid (or assessed) by lines of code written, so every line ended with;; Report comment Reply Adam Fabio says: August 26, 2016 at 10:43 am Ah yes, the old semicolon counting system of SLOC. Some counting software will still count semis in comments. Report comment Reply Charles Wegrzyn says: August 29, 2016 at 9:52 am Not true. I was on the team developing the system – I designed and implemented the “Ghost”. It was very true that de Castro would approve the salaries of all the engineers on the team. Report comment Reply JIm B says: August 26, 2016 at 10:54 am I read the book when it came out. About five years later (in 1986) I joined a start up company and was in a cubicle about five feet away from the office of Carl Alsing. A few months later I reread the book. I enjoyed the book the first time, but the second time really earned my respect. The way he described Carl really captured a lot about him, giving credibility to everything else in the book. I remember two of the questions he asked me when I interviewed there. Problem 1: you have a disk which is half white, half black, and two photo-transistors. Where is the optimum place to situate the phototransistors to detect as quickly as possible if the disk is rotating clockwise or counter-clockwise, and then design a FSM to generate that information, then implement that fsm using TTL. Problem 2: you have software for an old computer and you need to run the software but you can’t find the computer anywhere. He didn’t say “emulate” but I knew what he was driving at and I said I’d write an emulator. That led to an extended dialog about estimating how long it would take to write, what factor slowdown I’d expect, how would I go about validating the emulator, etc. Report comment Reply Adam Fabio says: August 26, 2016 at 3:17 pm That’s awesome Jim! Did he have any stories (that you can share) about things that didn’t make it in the book? Report comment Reply JIm B says: August 26, 2016 at 3:43 pm It was 30 years ago, so if he did I have forgotten them. If he did say anything it wasn’t memorable. Report comment Reply Nick Sayer (@nwsayer) says: August 30, 2016 at 1:32 am Problem number 1 reminded me of the Atari Tempest video game. The game had a rotary encoder wheel as one of the main player inputs. It had two phototransistor based sensors arranged for 90° offset square wave output. They connected both to a D flip-flop and the Q output of the flip-flop and one of the sensor outputs were the direction and clock inputs of a hex counter IC. The output of the hex counter was an input into the rest of the system (they actually used four of the inputs of one of the POKEY chips in this case). It turns out that using a D flip-flop for that would cause one cycle of the detector to register the wrong direction when you transitioned from one direction to the other. Atari’s workaround for that was to simply make the rotation sensor far more sensitive than necessary and decimate it in software. The error was thereby simply lost in the noise. Report comment Reply jawnhenry says: August 26, 2016 at 11:36 am ‘The Mythical Man-Month: Essays on Software Engineering’ is a book on software engineering and project management by Fred Brooks, whose central theme is that “adding manpower to a late software project makes it later”. The work was republished in an anniversary edition with four extra chapters in 1995 (ISBN 0-201-83595-9), including a reprint of the essay “No Silver Bullet” with commentary by the author. Report comment Reply starhawk says: August 26, 2016 at 11:46 am “Soul of a New Machine” is one of my all-time favorite books, and the only one of those books that is nonfiction ;) As an aside, if anyone can get me good photos of the Eclipse MV/8000 I’m quite interested… ;) Report comment Reply Alan Franks (@jalasp) says: August 26, 2016 at 12:41 pm My first job out of school was working for the MV languages and tools group in RTP, working on Business BASIC and their PL/I compiler. I don’t ever remember being judged by SLOC or anything like that. Smart folks in RTP…. Many of the ex-FHP folks were still around. I learned a lot during the five years I worked there. Report comment Reply Adam Fabio says: August 26, 2016 at 3:21 pm FHP could be a whole ‘nother article – I wish I could have included more here! The docs say it would have been twice as fast as MV/8000 in the whetstone benchmark. Lots of interesting architecture in that machine. Report comment Reply Eric says: August 26, 2016 at 12:48 pm “Tracy Kidder’s abilities can’t be understated here.” Yes they can! I’m pretty sure that you meant to say that his abilities can’ t be OVERSTATED. Report comment Reply Adam Fabio says: August 26, 2016 at 3:24 pm I did mean overstated. Fixed in the text. Thank you for catching that one Eric. Report comment Reply Rory O'Hare says: August 26, 2016 at 2:19 pm This book was on my dad’s shelf at home. I read it several times there. Years later I found a beat up old copy and bought it so I could read it again. I left it in a take-a-book-leave-a-book place and have regretted it ever since. Report comment Reply Anachronda says: August 26, 2016 at 2:19 pm “Starting in 1964 with the Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) PDP-8, minis provided a low-cost means for companies to get a computer.” Ya know, given a name like “PDP-8”, one might suspect that minicomputers started a bit earlier. Like, maybe, with the PDP-5 (same instruction set). Or, perhaps, even the PDP-1. Maybe, just maybe, with Whirlwind. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 2:31 pm They weren’t very mini, or very mass produced. Report comment Reply Adam Fabio says: August 26, 2016 at 3:27 pm ding ding ding! The first 7 were important, but the straight 8 really kicked off the mini revolution. Report comment Reply localroger says: August 26, 2016 at 2:28 pm LIke others here I’m old enough to have read TSOANM when it was a new bestseller. It remains one of the best books about the practice of building computers ever written. Report comment Reply Dan#8582394734 says: August 26, 2016 at 3:10 pm I’d actually forgot that I’d read that book, thanks for reminding me. It is amazing how much memory comes back from a single trigger. I’ll put it in my kid’s Comp. Sci.extended reading list. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 4:36 pm Along with http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1101290.Dealers_of_Lightning and http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/56829.Hackers natch. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 6:08 pm Oh and insanely great if you must, but you can stop reading halfway through. Report comment Reply Adam Fabio says: August 26, 2016 at 7:07 pm Revolution in the valley – I always liked Andy’s inside view on the Mac story. Report comment Reply fustini says: August 26, 2016 at 4:28 pm I discovered this book about 10 years ago in the library and loved it! It’s quite the coincidence that Adam posted about this, I recently watched a documentary on Amazon Prime streaming about a chip design team which reminded me of “A Soul of a New Machine”: Rise of the Centaur Report comment Reply Cognitive Films says: August 28, 2016 at 9:52 am Here is the link to the documentary on Amazon Prime for those interested: https://www.amazon.com/Rise-Centaur-Glenn-Henry/dp/B01FSZU6FK Report comment Reply PuceBaboon says: August 26, 2016 at 4:36 pm Yup, it was close to compulsory reading when you joined D.G., but it certainly wasn’t a chore. Great book! Report comment Reply Bob Coggeshall (@BobCoggeshall) says: August 26, 2016 at 6:05 pm Worked on DG Eclipse for the Geography Department at SUNY/Buffalo during the early ’80s.. It was sort of a charity gig as there was a PDP-11 in the Particle Physics lab which was my main focus. The Eclipse had its little air-conditioned room and a 300mb ‘washing machine’ mainframe disk drive. I think it had a RamTek frame buffer the display.. At any rate, relative to the DEC PDP, everything was a little foreign. At the end of the day DG was always the B Team. Selling machines for less money. The thing I most remember about is the front panel. They knew they had to had to have an appealing front panel yet, be different from DEC.. And this is what they came up with. I think it is still quite striking. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 6:07 pm Yah, that’s sexy, I’d wash my clothes in it any day of the week. Report comment Reply wernicke says: August 26, 2016 at 6:49 pm I remember being ‘forced’ to read it 30 years ago in EE school. Still got it here somewhere… I should dig it up and read it again now that I actually have time to enjoy reading. Report comment Reply JS says: August 27, 2016 at 3:24 am I read this book while I was living it. I was a tech with the bigger pay-check. Report comment Reply Jrat says: August 27, 2016 at 3:36 am First read it in Reader’s Digest Finally got my hands on a used copy at the local flea market two years ago. Even the abridged version was totally engrossing and inspiring. Report comment Reply Winston says: August 27, 2016 at 6:43 am Agree with the author. Outstanding book. Do yourself a favor and read it. Report comment Reply matt venn says: August 27, 2016 at 10:52 am I bought it on the strength of this review and am half way through, great book! Thanks Report comment Reply Steven Dufresne says: August 28, 2016 at 6:08 am A great read. It’s been a few years and many books since but what I remember best was the exciting tales of debugging the hardware through the long days and nights. Informative and hard to put down. Report comment Reply captnmike says: August 28, 2016 at 7:48 am I read the book many many years back and highly recommend it to anyone. Very interesting on many levels Report comment Reply garysxt says: August 29, 2016 at 10:40 am I read the book when it came out. Maybe a better description was I lived the book. I was out of college a few years and was working for a small computer company (which was actually mentioned in the book). I did a lot of the stuff covered in the book like working long hours to meet deadlines, lots of wire wrapping and wire wrap changes and even implementing PALs to optimize designs and minimize wiring changes for design fixes. I read the book a couple of times later. Maybe it’s time to get it out again. Recommended. Report comment Reply Greenaum says: August 30, 2016 at 6:44 am Why does seemingly every project ever need so much overtime? I know the rule that everything takes longer to do than you expected, even taking the rule into account, but why don’t they take that into account? Can’t people just start a bit earlier? It’s like Reverse Mr Scott off Star Trek. Working so long and so hard like that isn’t good for you, and actually takes years off people’s lives. There should be no need for it. Report comment Reply nohazmats says: August 29, 2016 at 7:30 pm This book was required reading for my ‘Intro to Digital Design’ class in about 1982. I still have the paperback copy that I bought for that class. It was fascinating and inspired me as a young engineering student. I re-read it several years ago and will probably read it again. Tracy Kidder is an incredible author and I’ve read a number of his other books. Highly recommend him. Report comment Reply jessamyn says: August 31, 2016 at 12:00 pm Oh hey that is my dad! I am the kid who was 11 and went for bike rides in that book. Now I work at the Internet Archive keeping Open Library alive. My dad was an interesting guy, a sort of charismatic hermit who loved to fix things but wasn’t so great with people. Here’s an article I wrote about his house. View story at Medium.com Tracy Kidder was at my dad’s memorial service and one of the things he said about the book was that it had been a very good thing for him (Tracy) but he had never been sure if it had been a good thing for my dad. Fun to read all this stuff here, so many decades later. Report comment Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search Search for: Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe If you missed it 33C3: Works for Me 19 Comments Reflow Soldering at Another Level 15 Comments 2016: As The Hardware World Turns 22 Comments The Story of Kickstarting the OpenMV 29 Comments How To Nail A Technical Presentation 46 Comments More from this category CategoriesCategories Select Category 3d Printer hacks Android Hacks Arduino Hacks ARM Ask Hackaday ATtiny Hacks Beer Hacks blackberry hacks Business car hacks Cellphone Hacks chemistry hacks classic hacks clock hacks cnc hacks computer hacks cons contests cooking hacks Crowd Funding Curated Current Events digital audio hacks digital cameras hacks downloads hacks drone hacks Engine Hacks Engineering Fail of the Week Featured Fiction firefox hacks FPGA g1 hacks google hacks gps hacks green hacks Hackaday Columns Hackaday links Hackaday Store Hackerspaces HackIt handhelds hacks hardware History Holiday Hacks home entertainment hacks home hacks how-to Interest internet hacks Interviews iphone hacks ipod hacks Kindle hacks Kinect hacks laptops hacks laser hacks led hacks lifehacks linux hacks lockpicking hacks macs hacks major tom Medical hacks Microcontrollers misc hacks multitouch hacks musical hacks netbook hacks Network Hacks news nintendo ds hacks nintendo gameboy hacks nintendo hacks nintendo wii hacks Nook Hacks Original Art palm pre hacks parts peripherals hacks phone hacks playstation hacks podcasts portable audio hacks portable video hacks psp hacks radio hacks rants Raspberry Pi repair hacks Retrotechtacular reviews robots hacks roundup security hacks Skills slider Software Development software hacks solar hacks tablet pcs hacks teardown Tech Hacks The Hackaday Prize tool hacks toy hacks transportation hacks Uncategorized video hacks Virtual Reality weapons hacks wearable hacks Weekly roundup wireless hacks xbox hacks Our Columns Hackaday Links: The 2017 One 19 Comments Mike Szczys on the State of the Hackaday 70 Comments Fail Of The Week: How I Killed The HiPot Tester 16 Comments Open Source Art Encourages Society to Think Inclusively 56 Comments In Defense Of The Electric Chainsaw 93 Comments More from this category Recent comments zardoz711 on PSA: Don’t Let Kids Eat Lithium Batteries Machinehum on RooBee One, an open-source SLA/DLP 3D printer Barry Woods on A Singing Arc Lighter localroger on Retrocomputing for $4 with a Z80 metai on OWL Insecure Internet of Energy Monitors reboots on Reflow Soldering at Another Level JIm B on Atari Now Runs Java, Thankfully Doesn’t Require Constant Updates ian on Atari Now Runs Java, Thankfully Doesn’t Require Constant Updates joe_7 on Atari Now Runs Java, Thankfully Doesn’t Require Constant Updates TheRegnirps on Gravity Simulations With An FPGA Now on Hackaday.io Jesse has updated the project titled MicroPort. Adam Guilmet wrote a comment on project log Hacking the ISI-100A Electron Microscope - Scanning Coils and Stigmator. ILL WILL liked Raspberry Pi portable workbench(Project Christoph). Frédérik Berthiaume has added a new project titled Michelson Interferometer. Eric LK liked A 4$, 4ICs, Z80 homemade computer on breadboard. Mark Sherman has updated instructions for the project titled tinygames. Ted Yapo wrote a reply on project log Official Contest Entry Log. Mark Sherman has updated details to tinygames. Yann Guidon / YGDES wrote a comment on project log Official Contest Entry Log. Matthew Carlson wrote a reply on PiBoy 64. Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Video Submit a tip About Contact us Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe to Newsletter Copyright © 2017 | Hackaday, Hack A Day, and the Skull and Wrenches Logo are Trademarks of Hackaday.com Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Share 6 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-02 ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Entertainment 2017-01-02 Maddie Ziegler YouTube Channel Launched: ‘Dance Moms’ Star Says ‘It’s Gonna Be Really, Really Fun’ Entertainment 2017-01-01 Netflix News: What’s Leaving In January Entertainment 2017-01-01 Whose New Year’s Eve Meltdown Was More Entertaining, Don Lemon or Mariah Carey? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-02 Poll: Most Americans Don’t Think Donald Trump Can Prevent Scandal In His Administration News 2017-01-02 Oklahoma Earthquakes: Series Of Small Earthquakes Rattle Oklahoma Residents News 2017-01-02 Mugshot Model Jeremy Meeks Had An Amazing 2016 After Doing Time News 2017-01-02 The Real Story Of The Trump Draft Deferment: Did He Dodge The Draft With A Medical Excuse? Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-01-02 The Chicago Bears Should Target These Three Players In The Offseason Wrestling 2017-01-02 WWE News: Alberto Del Rio Arrested After Fight In Austria Wrestling 2017-01-02 ‘WWE Raw’ Results: Goldberg On First-Ever ‘Kevin Owens Show’ & Reigns Vs. Jericho For US Title [Live Updates] Basketball 2017-01-02 NBA Trade Rumors: Avery Bradley To Lakers, Jahlil Okafor To Celtics, Jordan Clarkson To 76ers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Health 2017-01-01 New Form Of Medical Marijuana Helps Treat Kids With Epilepsy Health 2016-12-31 What Is Intersex? Inside The Medical Condition That Is As Common As Red Hair Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Review Of Last Stand Datamine Leak Reveals PvP Control Points, Dark Zone Gameplay Events, And Leaderboard Checkpoints [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘The Celebrity Apprentice’ 2017 Spoilers: Which Contestants Are Rumored To Go Far In The New Season With Arnold Schwarzenegger? Gaming 2017-01-02 For ‘Destiny 2,’ Bungie Focuses On Improving Storytelling Gaming 2017-01-01 ‘Marvel Vs. Capcom Infinite’: Mega Man X Huge Part Of Cinematic Story Mode, Developers Reveal BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 IPhone Case Looks Like A Gun – Brings Warning To Public From Police [Photo] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Mom Donates 18.5 Gallons Of Breastmilk Following Her Newborn’s Death, Claims Pumping Helped Her Heal BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Japanese Boy Band SMAP Quietly Disbands: Decision Not Unanimous, Indicates Agency Of Popular J-Pop Band That Was Together Since 1988 BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Trump Hates This Photo Of Himself On CNN’s ‘Unprecedented’ Book Cover: 25 Other Photos Trump Might Hate SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss DualShock 4 Adapter Release Date: Sony Announces Controller Support For PlayStation Now Gaming 6 0 0 August 26, 2016 DualShock 4 Adapter Release Date: Sony Announces Controller Support For PlayStation Now Cal Jeffrey The DualShock 4 adapter for PC and Mac has official release dates scheduled. According to PlayStation LifeStyle, the adapter will be available in Europe on September 15, and U.S. customers will see it hit shelves September 19. GameStop has confirmed the U.S. release date on their order page. The DualShock 4 adapter is a Bluetooth dongle that plugs into a free USB port on Macs and PCs allowing the use of the controller on those systems. Use of the DualShock on computing platforms is nothing new. Since Sony began offering PC and Mac support for Remote Play, the controller has seen significant use on computers. Even before that, third-party applications have been available for years that allow the use of DualShock controllers on computers. However, the functionality has always been somewhat limited. The DualShock 4 PC wireless adapter is up for order on Amazon https://t.co/JMW5xefOiZ pic.twitter.com/IJYIzVTrTR — Destructoid (@destructoid) August 24, 2016 For example, when Remote Play for PCs and Macs first launched, the app had icons on the screen for the PS, Options, and Share buttons because those buttons were not recognized. Since then the app has changed, and those buttons now work through the software, yet the app still has the icons. Another limitation is that unless the computer has Bluetooth and can pair with the DualShock, users must tether to the desktop via USB cable. Bluetooth wireless support for the PlayStation’s controllers has been hit and miss. Reliably using the device on a computer often means giving up the wireless convenience. The release of the DualShock 4 adapter will bring wireless reliability to the desktop. In addition to adding connectivity to computers without Bluetooth, the adapter will support all functions of the controller, so even those who are already using the device wirelessly may want to consider the purchase. Sony unveils PlayStation Now for PC and wireless DualShock 4 USB adapter https://t.co/dl9Xb4iQaH pic.twitter.com/26qPVb0ZKG — TechCrunch (@TechCrunch) August 24, 2016 According to the Verge, “Sony says the dongle opens up full access to ‘buttons, analog sticks, touch pad, light bar, motion sensors, vibration, and stereo headset jack’ — so long as those features are all supported by whatever game application you’re using. Now the controller’s full capabilities will be unlocked.” While the Verge compliments Sony for “being more active across platforms,” the company certainly has motives other than eliminating the need for third-party support for the controller. It is more likely that Sony is offering this support in order to boost another product that it offers. The Netflix-like service PlayStation Now currently offers streaming PS3 games to PS4 users. However, Sony is opening the subscription service to the PC platform. PlayStation LifeStyle reports that PlayStation Now has already begun service in the UK, Belgium, and the Netherlands. While the company has not announced a U.S. release date yet, it is not unreasonable to assume that the service will be offered within the next couple of weeks. After all, the release date of the adapter in Europe and the United States is only four days apart. PlayStation Now heads to PC today; DualShock 4 Wireless Adapter launching next month https://t.co/UgnfMPVNUi pic.twitter.com/KjoQsqnQkM — VideoGamer.com (@VideoGamerCom) August 24, 2016 When PlayStation Now for PC goes live in the U.S., users will have access to over 400 PS3 games that they can stream directly to their PC. When it first launched, PlayStation Now was a rental service with rates between $1.99 to $14.99 for a 90-day rental. Due to user demand, the service is now subscription-based with a one-month subscription costing $19.99 and a quarterly rate of $44.99, according to the PlayStation Blog. Sony also offers a seven-day free trial subscription for those who wish to try it before committing. The seven-day trail is a good idea to be certain that the device you would like to use is compatible with the service. According to Wired, the PS Now requires the following. Windows 7 (SP1), 8.1 or 10 3.5GHz Intel Core i3 or 3.8GHz AMD A10 processor (minimum) 2GB RAM 300MB storage space to install the client A broadband connection with at least 5Mbps throughput PlayStation Now : les jeux PS3 bientôt jouables sur PC https://t.co/Qj39AICfcg pic.twitter.com/IRi2YIx2mJ — Les Numériques (@lesnums) August 16, 2016 Wired also notes that while the DualShock 4 adapter will be compatible with Apple computers, the PlayStation Now service is only going to be available on the Windows platform. Remote Play is still an option for Mac, but would not be an ideal workaround to get PS Now to work on a Mac. The burden of streaming a game to the PS4 on top of streaming the PS4 content to the Mac would likely be too much to bear for most internet connections. The DualShock 4 is a good, all-around controller that is comfortable to use. Whether you are planning on getting a PlayStation Now subscription or not, the DualShock 4 adapter may be something to look into if you are in the market for a PC controller. You can pick one up on September 19 from most retailers for $24.99. You may also pre-order one from GameStop and have it shipped to you on that date, or you may opt to pick it up at the closest GameStop location. As for PlayStation Now for PC, no release date is set for U.S. availability. However, look for it to be coming very soon, perhaps before the end of August. [Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Now Read This: Samsung Galaxy S8 Leak Teases Continuum Feature For Next Flagship: Android/Chrome OS Hybrid On The Way? Share 6 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Cal Jeffrey Tags: dualshock 4, playstation, release date, sony December 30, 2016 Dakota Johnson Shoots Uncomfortable Sex Scenes With Jamie Dornan In ‘Fifty Shades Darker’ December 30, 2016 Nina Dobrev Returns In ‘Vampire Diaries,’ Confirms Ian Somerhalder View full timeline 1 day ago January 2017 Free Games For Xbox Live Gold & PlayStation Plus Members 7 days ago Britney Spears Death Hoax: Pop Star Reacts To Sony Twitter Hack, OurMine Denies Posting Death Tweet Comments LATEST HEADLINES Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide Jinger Duggar Baby Rumors Swirl, No Official Announcement Made Yet Waffle House Waitress Loses Job After Firing Warning Shot In The Air During Robbery ‘Missing Nine’ Upcoming K-Drama Premier: MBC To Run Special Episode 6 Days Before Melodramatic Series Airs [Video] Victoria’s Secret Model Bridget Malcolm Poses Nearly Nude For ‘Playboy’ ‘Reality Steve’ Wrong About ‘Bachelor’ Nick Viall’s Final Pick? Who Really Gets Nick’s Final Rose? Jon Gosselin Spends New Year’s Eve With Half His Kids: What Did They Do? ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Mick Jagger’s Daughter Georgia May Stars In Seductive Bonus Day Of ‘Love’ Magazine’s Advent Calendar Camila Cabello Gets The Last Laugh As She Thanks 2016 Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Julian Assange Has Confirmed That The U.S. Government Is Lying To The American People About Russia 34.1k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 37.3k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 52 0 0 Theo James Not Engaged To Girlfriend Ruth Kearney, Shailene Woodley And ‘Underworld’ Actor Say Goodbye To ‘Divergent’ Movies 2.6k 0 0 Bernie Sanders Tells Trump ‘Keep Your Promises’, Don’t Cut Social Security Or Medicare 2.4k 0 0 Delayed Kindergarten Enrollment Dramatically Reduces ADHD In Children, Study Shows 374.7k 0 0 Recent Videos Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Technology Google Will Not Make Autonomous Cars Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
null

Dienstag, 03.01.2017 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Presence of Leading Semiconductor Foundries in APAC Driving the Global Probe Card Market Until 2020: Technavio 26.08.2016 | 18:43 (8 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Presence of Leading Semiconductor Foundries in APAC Driving the Global Probe Card Market Until 2020: Technavio The global probe card marketis expected grow at a CAGR of 4.38% during the forecast period, according to Technavio's latest report. In this report, Technavio covers the market outlook and growth prospects of the globalprobe cardmarketfor 2016-2020. The market is further categorized into two product segments, including advanced probe card and standard probe card, of which the advanced probe card segment dominated the market with more than 79% of the overall market share in 2015. "Automated test equipment such as probe cards are used in the manufacture of semiconductor ICs. Therefore, semiconductor device manufacturers such as foundries, outsourced assembly and test services and integrated device manufacturers are the principal customers of these probe card vendors," says Sunil Kumar Singh, a lead embedded systems research analyst from Technavio. In 2015, the system on a chip (SoC) segment was the largest revenue contributor to the global probe card market and accounted for a revenue share of 50.75%. The adoption of SoC has been on the rise due to the following reasons: Increasing investments in the telecom and enterprise network infrastructure sector Increasing sales of mobile devices such as smartphones, tablets, and hotspot devices due to the mobility, multifunctionality advantages, and the latest LTE rollout Increasing demand for consumer electronics such as set-top boxes, portable media players, smart TVs, blu-ray players, and success of ultramobiles in the market Increasing global car unit shipments and the higher rate of adoption of SoC devices in the automotive applications such as car access and immobilizers, vehicle networking, car entertainment, and telematics Technavio's hardware and semiconductorresearch study segments the global probe card market into the following regions: Americas APAC EMEA In 2015, with a market share of over 69%, APAC dominated the global probe card market, followed by the Americas with over 20% and EMEA with 10%. APAC: largest market for probe card The probe card market in APAC will reach a CAGR of above 5% during the forecast period. Taiwan, South Korea, China, and Japan are the major countries contributing to the growth of this region. The presence of a majority of leading semiconductor foundries such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing, United Microelectronics, and Semiconductor Manufacturing International is creating the demand for probe cards in APAC. The increase in consumer electronics and the rollout of LTE market in China for communication devices has led to the expansion of LTE base station infrastructure in China, which will give rise to an increased need for semiconductor ICs, which need to be tested, thereby fostering the growth of the market in this region. In 2015, the sale of probe cards for memory devices in South Korea was firm due to the presence of prominent mobile and consumer electronic device manufacturers such as Samsung and LG. Furthermore, the presence of other dominant consumer electronics and mobile devices manufacturers such as Sony, Toshiba, Lenovo, Huawei,Fujitsu, and Panasonic in other APAC countries is supporting the demand for semiconductor devices. Ask sample report: http://goo.gl/wm7tsK Probe card market in the Americas The probe card market in the Americas will attain a CAGR of more than 3% during the forecast period. The increase in the communication devices, such as smartphones and phablets, and the automotive market of US have been driving the rise in production of semiconductor ICs in the region. The presence of few prominent semiconductor manufacturers such as GlobalFoundries and Intel that fabricate wafers of sizes 200 nm and 300 nm will propel the demand for probe cards in the region. "Regulatory authorities such as Federal Communications Council in the US and Health Canada and Industry Canada in Canada have set guidelines for devices and networks emitting radio waves. Service providers and device manufacturers must comply with the regulatory guidelines for releasing their products in the market. This will increase the demand for RF test equipment, including probe cards, in the region," asserts Sunil. Probe card market in EMEA The probe card market in EMEA will attain a CAGR of over 1% during the forecast period. Some of the semiconductor manufacturing companies in this region are Infineon Technologies, NXP Semiconductors, and STMicroelectronics. However, EMEA will contribute low revenue compared to APAC and the US because of the small concentrations of semiconductor IC manufacturers in this region. Furthermore, due to the economic crisis in Eurozone, many manufacturers will shift their semiconductor manufacturing facilities to APAC. APAC also has availability of cheaper resources than EMEA, which can further reduce the demand for probe cards in EMEA. The top vendors in the global probe card market highlighted in the report are: FormFactor Japan Electronic Materials (JEM) Micronics Japan (MJC) MPI Technoprobe Browse Related Reports: Semiconductor Packaging and Test Market in China 2015-2019 Global Semiconductor Foundry Market 2015-2019 Semiconductor Production Equipment Market in Taiwan 2015-2019 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160826005045/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer  • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Week In Review: 'Strengthened' Yellen, Mylan EpiPen Furor, Best Buy Hot, Dollar Stores Pinched Mylan CEO Heather Bresch came under heavy fire for the drugmaker's big EpiPen price hikes. (AP) IBD STAFF 8/26/2016 Reprints Federal Reserve chief Janet Yellen said the case for a rate hike is stronger now, but investors weren't sure what to make of that. Pfizer (PFE) paid $14 billion for a one-drug biotech, but shares of drugs and pharma supply chain companies sold off as Mylan's (MYL) EpiPen price hikes drew outrage. Best Buy (BBY) earnings surprised investors, while dollar stores came under pressure. Stocks Retreat, Sideways Trade Continues For the week, the Nasdaq fell 0.4%, the S&P 500 0.7% and the Dow 0.8%. The major averages are still in sideways action. Drug stocks were big movers on Pfizer's Medivation (MDVN) deal and Mylan's EpiPen furor. Dollar stores suffered heavy losses as competition from Wal-Mart (WMT) was heating up. Yellen: Rate Hike Case 'Strengthened' Fed Chair Janet Yellen said at Friday's long-awaited speech that the case for an interest rate hike has "strengthened in recent months." That followed other modestly hawkish statements from fellow Fed policymakers. However, Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer said Yellen's comments were consistent with a September rate increase. He saw the possibility of two rate hikes this year. Markets had already priced a Fed move, perhaps in December, but they don't expect any quick follow-up House (Data) Divided New-home sales soared to a 654,000 annual rate in July, by far the highest since October 2007, the Commerce Department reported. The 12% rise from June surprised economists looking for a slight dip to 580,000. Luxury homebuilder Toll Bros. (TOL) confirmed that the high end of the market is prospering, reporting a 69% jump in third-quarter earnings per share, a 23.5% rise in revenue and a strong backlog of orders. Existing-home sales fell more than expected in July, though that was from June's cycle high. But applications for loans to buy a home fell to a six-month low. Toll shares soared to a seven-month high, moving above their 200-day moving average. Durable goods orders jumped 4.4% in July, or 1.5% excluding transportation, with both results better than expected. Core capital goods orders rose 1.5% after a small June gain, the first back-to-back increase for the business investment proxy since January 2015. Mylan's Epic-Pen Failure The generic drugmaker Mylan sold off 11.55% for the week as members of the Senate and other politicians started inquiring into its price increases on its emergency allergy drug/device EpiPen. That fueled selling in drug and biotech stocks. Mylan CEO Heather Bresch, daughter of Sen. Joe Machin, D-W.V., said only a fraction of the $608 list price makes it back to Mylan, due to all the middlemen, leading shares of Express Scripts (ESRX), CVS Health (CVS) and AmerisourceBergen (ABC) to fall as well. Pfizer Buys Medivation, Antibiotics Big pharma Pfizer agreed to buy Medivation for $14 billion in cash, snatching the cancer-drug specialist from Sanofi (SNY), which had been trying for months to acquire Medivation. Biotechs rallied Monday on the news, with BioMarin Pharmaceutical (BMRN) jumping on rumors that it was Sanofi's second choice of target. On Wednesday, Pfizer agreed to buy the antibiotics business of AstraZeneca (AZN) for $725 million plus possible future milestone and sales payments and royalties that could amount to $850 million. Oil Settles In Oil prices may be settling into a trading range in the mid to high $40 range. OPEC members gave conflicting signals over whether they might support a production freeze, while Goldman Sachs said such a move would not "be sufficient to support prices much further." Meanwhile, the Energy Information Administration said U.S. crude inventories rose by 2.5 million barrels vs. expectations for a small drop. Domestic production fell slightly. Mobileye The road to self-driving cars got a little more crowded as Mobileye (MBLY) announced it will partner with General Motors (GM) supplier Delphi Automotive (DLPH) to jointly develop off-the-shelf autonomous driving technology for automakers. The two companies will co-develop "the market's first turnkey Level 4/5 automated driving solution." Mobileye already has deal with BMW (BMWYY) and Intel (INTC) to bring an autonomous vehicle to market by 2021. Mobileye shares spiked Tuesday on the Delphi news, briefly topping a buy point. Shares rose 2.3% for the week. Tesla Motors (TSLA), which is ending its business relationship with Mobileye, introduced new versions of its Model S and X that boosts speeds and driving range, powered by an updated battery technology. Tesla said its upgraded Model S is now the fastest-accelerating car in commercial production. Tesla shares fell 2.2%, closing below the 50-day line and just above the 200-day line. Tesla partner Nvidia (NVDA) unveiled a new processor for autonomous driving, saying it's 50%-100% more powerful than other mobile processors. Ulta Beauty Guidance Flawed The beauty products retailer reported better-than-expected earnings and sales, with yet another quarter of double-digit same-stores growth. Ulta Beauty (ULTA) also raised full-year EPS guidance. But its Q3 profit range was a little cautious. Ulta shares have been on a strong run-up, so it may have been priced for perfection. Ulta shares tumbled 6% on Friday, undercutting its 50-day moving average. Workday Workday (WDAY) reported a wider-than-expected Q2 adjusted loss. But it topped on some key metrics, including revenue, which rose 34% to $377.7 million. But shares of the cloud-based human resources software maker rose 2.5%, hitting a 2016 high on Thursday. Talend July IPO Talend (TLND) lost an adjusted $1.84 a share, according to its late Thursday release, but the French Big Data firm later clarified that the bottom line actually met estimates for a loss of 31 cents a share after adjusting for the share count following its initial offering. Revenue rose 38% to $25.4 million, just beating. Talend sees Q3 losses in line with views, but it guided revenue slightly higher. Shares fell 4% after much bigger intraday losses. Best Buy, GameStop Divide Investors Best Buy (BBY) stock jumped 21% for the week to a 17-month high on better-than-expected sales and earnings for its fiscal second quarter, including a surprise increase in same-store sales. The consumer electronics retailer credited rising demand for wearable technology, appliances and home-theater systems for the increase. Video game and electronics retailer GameStop (GME) disappointed investors with in-line EPS and below-forecast sales. Dollar Stores Are Discounted Discount retailers Dollar General (DG) and Dollar Tree (DLTR) suffered double-digit share price losses, as both reported second-quarter results that came up short of Wall Street expectations, with falling grocery prices and tougher competition hurting sales. Those results came as Wal-Mart is waging its own campaign to cut prices, a move that could draw more customers who have become more cautious with their spending. Jewelers Mixed Meanwhile, the jeweler Tiffany (TIF) held to its full-year outlook, while its Q2 EPS beat views, helping to boost shares. However, Signet Jewelers (SIG), the parent of mall jewelers Kay, Jared and Zales, slashed its fiscal-year outlook, partly due to difficulties "in the energy-dependent regions." Those regions' economies have been hurt by cheap oil and other commodities. HP Beats, But Guidance Weak HP Inc. (HPQ) reported that its fiscal Q3 earnings per share minus one-time items jumped 37% in fiscal Q3 to 48 cents on a 4% decline in sales to $11.89 billion, both better than views. For the current quarter, the printer and PC maker sees non-GAAP EPS of 34-37 cents, vs. consensus for 41 cents. HP is reducing its printing supplies inventory and is deeply discounting printers to expand its installed base. Shares closed little changed after a brief Thursday morning sell-off. Share this: Related news Stocks retreated Friday morning, the final session of 2016. (iStockphoto) Stocks Open Higher, Turn Lower; Mylan Rises, Nvidia Falls 12/30/2016 The major market averages started the session higher but have turned lower on 2016's final trading day. 12/30/2016 The major market averages started the session higher but have... Retailers Face 2017 'Reckoning,' More 'Sad Malls' As Amazon Keeps Booming Social Security Benefit Cuts In 2017 May Curb Trump's Plans These Five Household Names Are The Biggest Dow Dogs Seattle Genetics Gets Price-Target Cut On FDA News, But Shares Up Ross, Burlington Offer Retail Havens: Investing Action Plan More Than Bitcoin: Blockchain's Links Reach JPMorgan, IBM, Wal-Mart Amazon Gaining Holiday Season Share Vs. Best Buy, Wal-Mart, Apple Allergan Outlook Improves On Good Trial For Colon Drug: Credit Suisse Today's Spotlight MarketSmith Premium Get on the fast track to New Year profits with a MarketSmith trial. Free IBD Trading Summits Attend a Summit in Florida in January to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News T. Rowe Price's David Wagner likes the widening use of semiconductors made by Entregris. (Kris Tripplaar/Sipa USA/Newscom) Where Mutual Fund Bigwigs Expect To See Stock Gains In 2017 Internet TV network Netflix is predicted to be a takeover target in 2017. (Beto Chagas/Shutterstock.com) Bold Tech M&A Predictions For 2017: Netflix, Twitter, GoPro In Play Get the #1 trading app in the App Store from TD Ameritrade Promoted Content By TD Ameritrade Special Report 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review Get the right "recipe" for making money in 2017 with stocks, ETFs, mutual funds and bonds. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Tech What is 3D NAND, and when can I get a 10TB SSD in my laptop? New, 20 comments by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Aug 26, 2016, 12:17pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Everyone always wants more storage space, whether you have a 16GB iPhone or a 60TB SSD. The good news is, 3D NAND flash memory is here, and that’s going to be a great thing for bigger, faster, and cheaper memory. Wondering what 3D NAND is? Curious for what the flash drives of the future might look like? Read on. How does flash memory work now? Excellent question! Flash memory — the type of memory in SD cards, solid state hard drives, and your smartphone — works by having a series of floating gate transistors, which are assigned a charge value of "on" and "off" (1 and 0). These memory blocks are then arranged in a two-dimensional layout, side-by-side. As technology has improved, we’ve been able to fit more and more memory blocks onto a single die, resulting in higher capacity flash memory. Via Moore’s Law, ideally this would mean every two years, the number of transistors would double, allowing storage density to increase. The single bit per cell method described above is a Single Level Cell (SLC), with each cell only having one bit per cell, but allows for higher speeds and endurance. Cells can also be divided up into 4 levels of charge, for two bits per cell (known as Multi Level Cell or MLC), or even eight levels of charge (Triple Level Cell or TLC), allowing for 3 bits of data per cell. MLC and TLC both increase storage density, but decreases the speed (since there are more levels of charge that need to be differentiated) and durability. But whether SLC, MLC, or TLC, the cells themselves are all on a flat plane in all of our flash memory today. So why do we need a new technology? there is a physical limit to how much smaller we can go The problem as, as we try and cram as many memory cells onto a die, we start running into physical problems. Despite the ideals of Moore’s Law, there is a physical limit to how much smaller than 15nm (the current size of most NAND transistors) we can go. As cell size decreases, the walls between cells becomes smaller, and electrons leaking out becomes more of a problem — especially with MLC and TLC, where it’s already more difficult to determine the exact charge level. Scaling down to 13nm and beyond for flash memory has been difficult for manufacturers to accomplish without suffering loses in performance. Alright, so how does 3D NAND help? 3D NAND, as the name implies, involves cutting multiple layers into the silicon, stacking memory cells to increase storage density. By stacking cells in 32 layers, we can reach much higher storage density in each die, as well as allowing the cells to space out more on each plane, helping reduce interference issues between the cells. Additionally, with 3D NAND, the stacked cells can still be MLC and TLC cells, leading to huge increases in storage. With MLC and TLC, the memory cells are stacked 32 levels deep for up to 256 gigabit MLC dies, and 384 gigabit TLC dies. 3D NAND technology allows for production of memory with three times the capacity Intel and Micron, who have been working together on 3D NAND, hope to one day have these advances lead to SSDs the size of a stick of gum with over 3.5TB of storage, or 2.5-inch laptop sized SSDs with over 10TB of storage. Today, current 3D NAND technology allows for production of dies with three times the capacity of any 2D NAND, and it’s still very early days for the technology as a whole. The disadvantage of 3D NAND is that it requires an incredible level of precision to produce, since each column needs to be perfectly aligned so that the memory blocks are still in a continuous series. Those sound great! When can I buy it? The good news is that while 3D NAND was first announced over a year ago, the first purchasable consumer models are coming out now. Intel is releasing its 600p Series of 3D NAND SSDs for consumers next week (as well as some other, more enterprise focused models), while ADATA’s Ultimate SU800 SSDs were announced earlier this week. The bad news is that both are available in the familiar sizes of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, or 1TB of memory — so no 10TB laptops just yet — but the drives claim to offer higher speeds and reliability than a comparable planar NAND SSD. So those hoping to buy a 3TB thumb drive today will have to wait a bit. As mentioned earlier, it’s still very early on for 3D NAND as a whole. But by allowing the number of transistors per die to continue to double it's given a reprieve to Moore’s Law, allowing it to continue onward for the time being. And these early advances in production of 3D NAND could hopefully mean even cheaper, more reliable, and higher-capacity storage for all our devices in the future. (At least, until the whole "atomic memory" thing works out.) Next Up In Circuit Breaker This is Lenovo’s Windows Holographic VR headset Samsung's new four-in-one washer / dryer takes laundry to the extreme Asus ZenFone AR revealed, the second Google Tango phone Samsung updates its midrange Galaxy A series with water and dust resistance, improved camera Dell has turned one of the best Windows laptops into a 2-in-1 hybrid TrackR announces new trackers for finding your misplaced stuff Now Trending CES 2017: What to expect at the biggest tech trade show of the year Olympus E-M1 Mark II review: the camera that warps time Dell has turned one of the best Windows laptops into a 2-in-1 hybrid The Kissenger simulates kissing your long-distance lover Donald Trump says 'no computer is safe' This Article has a component height of 20. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Microsoft This is Lenovo’s Windows Holographic VR headset by Sam Byford@345triangle Lenovo just showed us its first VR headset, a prototype device that works with Microsoft’s Windows Holographic platform. Next to other tethered PC headsets like the Oculus Rift or the HTC Vive, it’s noticeably smaller and lighter — Lenovo says... New, 0 comments CES 2017 News Circuit Breaker Tech Samsung's new four-in-one washer / dryer takes laundry to the extreme by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg I hate doing laundry more than any other chore in my life. Between dragging a laundry bag around the corner to the laundromat, lugging detergent, counting out the right amount of corners, and waiting for loads to finish, every load represents tons... New, 2 comments TL;DR Web Culture My winter happy place is Sarah Jessica Parker’s weird, gross Instagram by Kaitlyn Tiffany Sarah Jessica Parker — America’s sweetheart, New York City’s mascot, relatable queen of cold-hearted romantic comedies, human vessel of Sex and the City’s omniscient tulle-loving narrator, mother of three, and guiding light to all — is an... New, 1 comment MIT study says 3,000 ride-sharing cars could replace every cab in New York City by Jordan Golson@jlgolson All 13,000 taxis in New York City could be replaced by a fleet of 3,000 ride-sharing cars if used exclusively for carpooling, according to research published today by MIT’s Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL). Instead... New, 9 comments Entertainment TV Culture Welcome to The Bachelor fantasy league: the only sport that matters by Kaitlyn Tiffany Love is a spectator sport where the players are also spectating. We gather friends around the Apple TV while we swipe through potential lovers on Tinder. We consider everyone we swap spit with fair game for public dissection, so long as they do... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Google Asus ZenFone AR revealed, the second Google Tango phone by Vlad Savov@vladsavov Every company tries to be the first with the biggest CES announcement, but Asus has been preempted today by hardware partner Qualcomm, which has revealed the upcoming ZenFone AR smartphone with Google Tango support. At the same, prolific leaker... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
MENU Press Offices BCX ContinuitySA Eset Hitachi Data Systems Huawei MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tecno Tom Tom USAASA UNICAF Veeam Magazine Gallery Advertise Newsletter Submit News Contact MENU Home Africa’s Technology News Leader Top Stories The most important technology stories News Technology news categorized General General tech news Mobile and Telecoms Telecommunications Enterprise Cloud in Africa. Backup and Storage Backup and Storage news Big Data Big Data news Cloud Computing Cloud Computing news Internet of Things Enterprise Architecture news Hardware Hardware Software Software news IT Security The latest IT Security news Satellite Communications News about Satellite Communication Gadgets & Gaming Consumer Tech Startups Online & Social Internet, digital and social media news Events News Must attend Tech events Opinion According to the experts Features Taking an in-depth look PR Newswire Video Video interviews and features Industries Technology news by industry Education Mining and Energy Finance Healthcare Retail Regions IT news around Africa West Africa East Africa Southern Africa North Africa Companies Company news and Press Releases Company News Huawei HP Software Events Conferences and Seminars Seminar: Selling to the CIO, 15 & 16 Feb 2017 IoT Forum Africa | 29 – 30 March 2017 Education Innovation Summit | 31 May 2017 Healthcare Innovation Summit | 23 – 24 Aug 2017 Advertise Connect with our audience Ghana: Chalkboard Education named best startup at Seedstars Accra August 23, 2016 • Startups, Top Stories, West Africa Facebook0 Twitter0 LinkedIn9 Google+0 Pinterest0 Ghana: Chalkboard Education named best startup at Seedstars Accra. Seedstars World, the global seed-stage startup competition for emerging markets and fast-growing startup scenes brought its Ghana round to a successful close during Seedstars Accra. The event took place this Sunday in Impact Hub Accra , where 9 selected startups were invited to present their ideas in front of the local and injury panel. The local winner, Chalkboard education offers plug-and-play mobile learning solutions that work on any device and without an Internet connection. “If i judge by last years winners i think the global summit in Switzerland is going to be life changing. Last year’s winners Asoriba had an amazing year and we hope to be able to do the same with the help of the Seedstars platform.” explains Adrien Bouilloit, Founder and CEO of Chalkboard Education. As a part of the prize, Chalkboard Education will be participating at Seedstars Summit, taking place in Switzerland in March 2017, a weeklong training program with the opportunity to meet the other 60 winners, as well as investors and mentors from around the world. Traditionally, the final day of the Summit will be dedicated to pitching in front of audience of 1000 attendees, with the possibility of winning up to the USD 1 million equity investment. 1st runner up was Landmapp, that offers affordable land rights documentation for smallholder farmers and builds accurate data profiles to broker additional services. The 2nd runner-up, TECHAiDE is an all-in one content delivery system that is a low-power, durable device that reaches low-income, Internet free places in the World. The other startups invited to pitch were HQ Renewable Tech, GoSun Stove, Krinotech Solutions, Cocktail Insights, SynCommerce and Nubian Oryx. Seedstars World has closely worked with Impact Hub in order to deliver the best possible event and to provide local entrepreneurs with this opportunity. “After reviewing all the startups that applied to SeedStars Accra 2016, we are very happy to see that this was another successful event, one which will showcase Ghana’s potential as an exporter of technology.” says local ambassador Victor Kelechi, Community Manager at Impact Hub Accra. The 8 startups pitched in front of a prestigious jury, including Ato ulzen appiah founder at GhanaThink Foundation, Selam kebede Associate at Seedstars World, Mansa Ayisi-Okyere, African Entrepreneurs Hub, Ethel Cofie founder at Women in Tech Africa and Leticia Browne partnership manager at Ghana Angel Investors Network |GAIN. Seedstars Accra featured an insightful keynote by Nana Prempeh, founder of Asoriba and winner of seedstars world Accra 2015. “The Seedstars World competition truly gave us the opportunity to shine and get exposure and visibility. As an entrepreneur you need opportunities like these to get your feet into the door. For us, Seedstars World open the door to get into Techstars accelerator in South Africa for example.” “The quality of startups in Ghana is absolutely impressive and it was very hard to choose a winner amongst so many great companies. However, we are very happy with our decision to take Chalkboard Education to our Global Summit.” says Selam A. Kebede, Associate for Seedstars World Africa. The Accra leg of the event was supported by local and international organizations, such as Orange, Meltwater entrepreneurial school of technology, Barcamp, Ghana Think, TEDxAccra, VC4Afrika, Lionesses of Africa and Brussels Airlines. “With nearly 8 million passengers per year from around the globe, we can offer the winning business the visibility and reach they need. Africa is the stronghold of our network, and we are committed to give back to the communities we fly to. Seedstars World is the ideal partner for us to do so. By enabling African tech startups to showcase their business to all our long-haul guests from and to Africa, North-Atlantic and soon also India, we hope to contribute to the further development of technology entrepreneurship on the continent” says Bernard Gustin, CEO Brussels Airlines. All participating startups will also qualify for two major prizes that Seedstars World is running this year: Together with TRECC Startups in Education qualify for the global “Transforming Education Prize” which will award the best startup in the education space from around the world with a prize of over USD 50,000. In addition, Seedstars World and Intel are collaborating on the “Intel Solutions Challenge” to find the best startups in Hardware, IoT, Cloud and Analytics with the goal of inviting them to a prestigious Demo Day with internal and external partners who will give access to market and funding for the best startups. Continuing on its world tour of startup scenes in emerging markets and fast-growing startup scenes, Seedstars World’s next stop is Abidjan at Co-Lab to select the best startup in Ivory Coast. Seedstars World is looking for smart startups that solve regional issues and/or develop profitable products for the global market. Staff Writer Chalkboard EducationGhana tech newsIT NewsSeedstarsseedstars worldstartupsstartups ghanatech news Comments are closed. « Apps are essential for true digital transformation Data quality is critical for accurate billing and optimal revenue collection » Search Tags Africa Airtel apple BlackBerry Broadband cloud computing Egypt facebook Gadgets and Gaming Ghana Google Huawei ict ict news internet IT News IT News Africa IT Security kenya Microsoft Mobile Mobile and Telecoms MTN news Nigeria Nokia Opinion Safaricom samsung SAP Security Software South Africa tech news technology technology news Telecom telecom news telecoms Telkom Uganda vodacom west africa Zain zimbabwe News Alerts Sign up for our FREE News Alerts       Like us In the news Forex Rates Latest Headlines Zambia: Vodafone unveils ICT centre December 31, 2016 Rwanda: Airtel partners Kirusa to Launch SMS Trivia Contest December 31, 2016 LG’S mass-tier smartphone to be unveiled at CES December 30, 2016 CyberLogic to expand, take new services to market December 29, 2016 Kaspersky Lab and Tresorit partner for secure devices and cloud storage December 28, 2016 Nokia, Vodafone and Telit collaborate to expand the IoT ecosystem December 27, 2016   UPCOMING EVENTS   Selling to the CIO | 15 & 16 February 2017     IoT Forum Africa | 29 - 30 March 2017     Education Innovation Summit 31 May 2017     Healthcare Innovation Summit 23 - 24 August 2017 Company Press Offices Press Offices Alcatel Lucent Condyn ContinuitySA Eset Fujitsu Huawei Interactive Intelligence MCI MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tom TomUSAASA Veeam MOST POPULAR TWITTER Twitter Tweets by @ITNewsAfrica Photos on flickr SAP Africa appoints new East Africa MD December 6, 2016 SAP Africa announces new appointments November 10, 2016 Microsoft appoints new GM for WECA region November 9, 2016 Future-proof your business – or risk becoming irrelevant November 8, 2016 Bytes Managed Solutions appoints new Operations Executive October 28, 2016 Yahsat appoints Farhad Khan as new CCO October 26, 2016 Ugandan appointed DG of International Telecommunications Satellite Organization October 18, 2016 GetBucks snaps up former Barclays digital chief September 21, 2016 Deloitte Digital appoints new Digital Transformation Practice Leader September 19, 2016 GBI appoints two Vice Presidents – Sales August 30, 2016 Newsletter Would you like to receive the latest African technology news and analysis delivered to your e-mail inbox every morning? Then simply subscribe to our free daily e-mail newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER   Useful Links > Send us news > Advertise on ITNewsAfrica.com > Advertise in African Innovator Magazine > Enquire about a Company Press Office > Careers Follow Conferences > Innovation Dinner Series > ICT Business Breakfast Series > Tech Demo Africa All conference enquiries: events[at]itnewsafrica.com African Innovator Magazine > Subscription > Where to buy © 2017 | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader

About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > QYResearch Report Tweet   Global BYOD Industry 2016 Market Research Report The Global BYOD Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the BYOD industry.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, August 26, 2016 ) Global BYOD Industry 2016 Market Research Report We also offer USA/China/Japan/Germany/Korea/Australia/Brazil/Russia/India/Indonesia/ Malaysia/Saudi Arabia/Middle East/Europe/Asia/Asia-Pacific/Southeast Asia/North America/ Latin America/South America/AMER/EMEA/Africa etc Countries/Regions and Sales/Consumption Versions Respectively Summary The Global BYOD Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the BYOD industry. The report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure.The BYOD market analysis is provided for the international markets including development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. Development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures are also analyzed. This report also states import/export consumption, supply and demand Figures, cost, price, revenue and gross margins. The report focuses on global major leading industry players providing information such as company profiles, product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Upstream raw materials and equipment and downstream demand analysis is also carried out.The BYOD industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. Table of Contents 1 Industry Overview of BYOD 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of BYOD 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of BYOD 4 Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis of BYOD by Regions, Types and Manufacturers 5 Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of BYOD by Regions, Types and Manufacturers 6 Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of BYOD by Regions, Types and Applications 7 Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of BYOD 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of BYOD 9 Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of BYOD 10 Industry Chain Analysis of BYOD 11 Development Trend of Analysis of BYOD 12 New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of BYOD 13 Conclusion of the Global BYOD Industry 2016 Market Research Report If you have any question, please email to vivi@qyresearch.com If you want other products report,we can provide ,too. 7 Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of BYOD 7.1 Supply, Consumption and Gap of BYOD 2011-2016 7.2 Global Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Revenue, Supply, Import, Export and Consumption of BYOD 2011-2016 7.3 United States Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Revenue, Supply, Import, Export and Consumption of BYOD 2011-2016 7.4 EU Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Revenue, Supply, Import, Export and Consumption of BYOD 2011-2016 7.5 China Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Revenue, Supply, Import, Export and Consumption of BYOD 2011-2016 7.6 Japan Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Revenue, Supply, Import, Export and Consumption of BYOD 2011-2016 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of BYOD 8.1 Google 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.3 Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Gross and Revenue 8.2 IBM 8.3 Intel 8.4 Honda Motor 8.5 Panasonic 8.6 Qualcomm 8.7 Samsung 8.8 Apple 8.9 General Motors 8.10 Chrysler 8.11 Daimler 8.12 Toyota 8.13 BMW 8.14 Softbank 8.15 Airbiquity 8.16 AT&T 8.17 NXP 8.18 Sierra Wireless 8.19 Tesla Motors 8.20 Broadcom 8.21 Ford Motor 8.22 FreeScale 8.23 Volkswagen 8.24 WirelessCar 8.25 Tech Mahindra 8.26 Verizon Wireless Mainly covers the following product types Navigation equipment Audio equipment Other devices The segment applications including 3-d printing Others Segment regions including(other regions also can be added) USA Europe China Japan Contact:Vivi Chen Tel:+86-20-8665-5165(CN) 001-2027512497 (US) Email: vivi@qyresearch.com Web: http://qyresearchglobal.com Contact Information: QYResearch Report Vivi Chen Tel: 8602086655165 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
null
null
My Cart (0) Member Login | About Us | Become a Member | Contact Us Real Time Most Recent Articles Podcasts Newsletters Opinions Jobs Store Discussion Forum Topics Formats Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Opinions Show All » Topics Most Recent Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Marketing Strategy Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Marketing Topics » Training MarketingProfs University PRO Membership MarketingProfs Enterprise Solutions See All » Events Schedule of Events Upcoming Conferences Online Seminars Virtual Conference Series Join Now Membership Benefits Products and ServicesJoin Now Login Topics Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Opinions Real-World Education for Modern Marketers Join Over 600,000 Marketing Professionals Start here! N E X T Email Print Save Text:  A A The 10 Tech Companies With the Best Reputations by Ayaz Nanji  |   August 26, 2016  |  1,186 views Tweet Kindle Email Top Amazon has the best reputation with consumers in the United States of any technology company, according to recent research from the Reputation Institute. The report was based on data from 80,000 ratings of companies by US consumers in 1Q16. The researchers assigned each firm a RepTrack score of between one and 100 (100 being perfect) based on how the company was rated in seven areas: performance, products/services, innovation, workplace environment, corporate governance, citizenship, and leadership. Amazon was given the highest score (85.4) of any technology company, as well as the highest score of any firm in any industry; Samsung ranked second, followed by Intel, VMware, Toshiba, Oracle, HP, Alphabet (Google's parent company), Microsoft, and IBM. Apple ranked outside the top ten firms because consumers said they like its products but were unsure about its workplace culture, corporate governance, and good citizenship efforts. About the research: The report was based on data from 80,000 ratings of companies by US consumers in 1Q16. Join over 600,000 marketing professionals, and gain access to thousands of marketing resources! Don't worry ... it's FREE! WANT TO READ MORE? SIGN UP TODAY ... IT'S FREE! Work email: We will never sell or rent your email address to anyone. We value your privacy. (We hate spam as much as you do.) See our privacy policy. Sign in with one of your preferred accounts below: Loading... Ayaz Nanji is an independent digital strategist and a co-founder of ICW Content, a marketing agency specializing in content creation for brands and businesses. He is also a research writer for MarketingProfs. He has worked for Google/YouTube, the Travel Channel, AOL, and the New York Times. LinkedIn: Ayaz Nanji Twitter: @ayaznanji Tweet Brand Equity, Brand Loyalty, Branding, Research Summaries, Survey Data, Technology You may also like The Most Loved, Fun, Relevant, Engaging, Social, and Helpful ... 'Enriching Benefits': Why Consumers Love Brands That Make Them ... The 10 Most Valuable Global Brands in 2016 Brand Admiration Is Earned, Not Given: Here's How to Make It ... How to Create a Thriving Ecosystem of Customers, Partners, ... Brand It Like Beyoncé The 3 E's of Brand Admiration (and How Marketers Can Foster Them) Five Essential Reputation Management Tools How to Boost Your Brand's Eco-Friendly Image The Saving Grace of Brand Admiration: 3 Companies, 3 Mistakes, 3 ... Brand Admiration: Three Powerful Bottom-Line Benefits of Being ... Brand Admiration and the Value of Respect: How to Build a ... Is Your Brand Trusted? Here's What Happens When It Is—and ... The 10 Brands With the Most Buzz in 2016 JavaScript required to submit ratings... Rate this   Log in to add a rating Overall rating Not rated yet. Add a Comment Comments by Peter Altschuler Fri Aug 26, 2016 via web For consumers, Amazon, Samsung, and Toshiba are not tech companies. They're consumer products firms. And I can probably walk down any street in a major city and not find even a handful of people who recognize Oracle or VMWare or Alphabet. The assertion that consumers don't know about Apple's culture, governance, and citizenship -- the company that has a storefront presence and whose internal workings have been covered in countless online and offline profiles -- is hard to take seriously. That's especially true when the report claims that consumers are familiar with those aspects of Intel and HP. Subscribe Today IT'S FREE! Become a member to get the tools and knowledge you need to market smarter. we respect your privacy. Stay connected! Don't miss a bit of MarketingProfs ... join the 600,000 marketers following us. Most Popular How-to Articles Useful SEO Content Tactics for a Successful 2017 by Liraz Postan How Our Brain Processes Different Kinds of Content [Infographic] by Laura Forer Why Instagram Matters to Marketing [Infographic] by Laura Forer 2017's Top 10 Digital Branding and Marketing Trends [Infographic] by Vahe Habeshian Five Even More Buzzworthy SEO Trends You Need to Know in 2017 by Aleh Barysevich See more marketing articles » Editors' PRO Picks Seminar: Create Meaningful Experiences for Your Brand Brian Solis shares why great products, creative marketing, and delightful customer service are no longer enough to win customers. more Take 10: How to Leverage Your Online Community Presented by: Paul Chaney In just 10 minutes, we'll share six practical tips that will help you tap into your online community to grow your business and benefit your customers. more How-To Guide: Build Your Content Marketing Dream Team In this 22-page guide, you'll learn how to identify the key hires to get your team started, what traits and skills to look for in your key hires, how to manage freelancers, and much more! more SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner Through eight simple to follow, well-defined steps, SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner will help you establish an effective email marketing program to gather and convert leads. more How-To-Guide: The Perfect Pitch: Hit a Home Run With Every Headline, Subject Line, and Call to Action Learn how to write headlines that will inspire your audience to read and want more. more Seminar: SEO—How Customer Experience Impacts Search Learn the most important elements of, and key changes in, customer search behavior. We'll also cover how to drive conversations through SEO, content, and social media. more Take 10: Three Steps for Using Influencer Video to Increase Your Bottom Line Presented by: Mark Lerner In just 10 minutes, you'll learn three simple steps to source quality influencer video and use it to impact your bottom line in a meaningful and measurable way. more   MarketingProfs uses single sign-on with Facebook, Twitter, Google and others to make subscribing and signing in easier for you. That's it, and nothing more! Rest assured that MarketingProfs: • will not provide your social data to 3rd parties • will not contact friends on your network • will not post messages on your behalf • will not interact with your social accounts Your data is secure with MarketingProfs SocialSafe! What's new on MarketingProfs? The Four Pillars of Performance for Digital Marketing Campaigns 12/23/2016 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy #SocialSkim: Messenger's Major Overhaul; Broken Social Metrics; ... 12/23/2016 at 10:00 AM Social Media Marketers' Top Investment Priorities for 2017 12/23/2016 at 9:00 AM Marketing Strategy Real-Time Marketing: Five Tips for Surviving in Our Brave New World 12/22/2016 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy The Yelp Effect: How to Deal With Negative Reviews 12/22/2016 at 10:00 AM Word-of-Mouth SMB Owners' Top Priorities for 2017 12/22/2016 at 9:00 AM Marketing Strategy How to Prevent Churn and Retain Customers of Online Services 12/21/2016 at 10:00 AM Customer Relationships 2017's Top 10 Digital Branding and Marketing Trends [Infographic] 12/21/2016 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy America's Relationship With Work Email [Infographic] 12/21/2016 at 9:00 AM Email Marketing How Our Brain Processes Different Kinds of Content [Infographic] 12/20/2016 at 10:00 AM Customer Behavior Seven Ways to Stand Out in, and Benefit From, the Experience Economy 12/20/2016 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy Video Viewing on Social Networks: Trends and Consumer Preferences 12/20/2016 at 9:00 AM Social Media Why Instagram Matters to Marketing [Infographic] 12/19/2016 at 10:00 AM Social Media Useful SEO Content Tactics for a Successful 2017 12/19/2016 at 10:00 AM Content 3Q16 Email Marketing Benchmarks and Trends 12/19/2016 at 9:00 AM Email Marketing #SocialSkim: Facebook vs. Netflix; Instagram Live Video; Twitter ... 12/16/2016 at 10:00 AM Social Media Operation FOMO: Three Ways to Turn Customer Envy Into Engagement 12/16/2016 at 10:00 AM Customer Behavior Global Advertising Forecast for 2017 12/16/2016 at 9:00 AM Advertising 'It's OK to Be Terrible' and Other Affirmations for the Frustrated ... 12/15/2016 at 10:00 AM Writing Email Marketing Automation Tips for This Holiday Season 12/15/2016 at 10:00 AM Email Marketing Resources MarketingProfs University What's New How-To Articles Case Studies Online Marketing Seminars Guides and Reports Store Videos Newsletters MarketingProfs Mobile Apps Community Conferences and Events Know-How Exchange Forum Member Benefits Testimonials Join the Community Follow Us on Twitter Company About Us Executive Team Write For Us Speak For Us Advertise With Us Affiliate Program Licensing/Republishing RSS/Syndication Partners Privacy Refund Policy Contact Us Marketing Topics Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Strategy Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Topics » Copyright © 2000-2017 MarketingProfs LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of use.
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Notebooks Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> Notebooks HP Announces EliteBook Laptops with On/Off Sure View Privacy Screens by Anton Shilov on August 26, 2016 10:30 AM EST Posted in Notebooks Intel HP EliteBook Skylake Sure View 43 Comments | Add A Comment 43 Comments + Add A Comment On Thursday, HP introduced adjustable privacy screens for the EliteBook 840 as well as the EliteBook 1040 notebooks. These are aimed at business users concerned about visual hacking and disclosing sensitive information to onlookers (something a number of journalists have to consider when working on NDA information when flying back from a press event). The protective measures for the screens are based on the Sure View technology jointly developed by HP and 3M, which relies on a number of HP’s proprietary technologies as well as 3M’s optical films. Ultimately, the user can control the privacy with an on/off switch as required, rather than equipping a perminant film that can reduce comfort. Right now, the Elitebook laptops are the first batch to get the technology, but eventually HP’s Sure View technology may appear on other PCs from the company depending on feedback. In the conference call, HP was keen to point out that according to the Pew Research Center, around 60% of employees nowadays take their work outside of office walls and can potentially (without knowing) share confidential information with the wrong people. Most users that have to work while on the move might not be aware of who is staring at their displays from the back or from the side (which is incredibly annoying in general even if you are playing Tetris). Knowing that, HP explained that some employees tend not to work with sensitive data in public places, which can reduce their overall productivity. Meanwhile there is a market to ensure privacy in cafes, airports and other venues - other people install aftermarket privacy screens on their laptops. While that helps businesses to better comply with regulatory requirements in healthcare, finance and industries dealing with sensitive information, such screens reduce viewing angles of notebooks which affects overall user experience. By contrast, HP’s Sure View can be turned on and off, thus improving privacy without persistent reduction of viewing angles of laptop screens. HP’s Sure View technology uses a special film from 3M as well as HP’s own backlighting. When the setting of the backlighting is adjusted, the film decreases viewing angles of the display down to around 35 degrees. The tech can be activated by pressing Fn + F2 and actual viewing angles can be further adjusted by pressing other combinations of buttons (viewing angle adjustments are independent of brightness and one is not dependent on the other). HP claims that the technology can be used with different display panels, but initially the company will use the technology on TN or SVA panels with FHD resolution. The Sure View does not consume extra power and since it relies on different setting of the backlighting, it might help to improve battery life a bit. HP does not reveal the price of its integrated privacy screen technology, but claims that with higher-end configs it will be virtually free. Moreover, the company mentioned that since it is not just a film on top of the display itself, it is going last throughout the lifetime of the laptop. As for configurations, the HP EliteBook 840 G3 and the HP EliteBook 1040 G3 are 14” laptops based on Intel’s dual-core Core Skylake-U chips with integrated HD Graphics 520 and vPro (select models only). They come with up to 32 GB of DDR4-2133 memory and use 2.5” HDDs/SSDs (EliteBook 840) or M.2 SSDs (EliteBook 1040). The notebooks are equipped with 802.11ac WiFi + Bluetooth modules, Gigabit Ethernet (via dongle in case of the 1040) as well as an LTE or HSPA+ WWAN module. As with many business PCs, the systems are equipped with anti-spill keyboards, fingerprint readers (optional in case of the 840) and TPM 1.2/2.0 modules. Both laptops feature 14” display panels and are fairly light and thin for mainstream business models. The EliteBook 840 weighs 1.48-1.7kilograms and is 1.89-2.02cm thick (the peak values for touch-enabled models. Meanwhile, the EliteBook 1040 weighs starting at 1.43 and is 1.58-1.65cm thick. Depending on the exact configuration, the EliteBook 840 can work for up to 13.5 hours, whereas the EliteBook 1040 can boast with 10 to 11.5 hours of battery life. Since configurations of the notebooks can vary, HP does not mention recommended prices, but we are talking about machines that start at around $1200 and can end up at $2000 or higher. B2B sales will differ in price depending on volume and support packages. Users should see systems with Sure View privacy screens available in September. Gallery: HP Rolls-Out EliteBook Laptops with Adjustable Sure View Privacy Screens Source: HP Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 43 Comments View All Comments BrokenCrayons - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link So let me get see if I understand this. Passive matrix LCDs, those smeary old things we used to be forced to deal with on laptops that had terrible viewing angles, were slowly replaced over the ensuing decades by better and better panels that had wider viewing angles (a metric often measured in reviews and espoused as a benefit to the owner). Those widely viewable screens are now getting a privacy filter to compensate for the problem of their wide viewability. Now limited viewing angles are being offered as a selling point and checkbox feature. Amusing. Reply JoeyJoJo123 - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link Yeah, this is pretty much a joke. Reply WKCook - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link Privacy screens are NOT a joke if you have to work in public areas. Should-surfing is a real threat to security! Reply JoeyJoJo123 - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link >have to work in public areas You have no requirement to work in public areas. Nobody does. And if they do, then it isn't their fault, nor should it be their concern, if someone is actively trying to spy on them from a public area; After all it's not their work policy that forced them to _HAVE_ to work in a public area, but the company's policy, and it's their loss whenever the company loses information in this manner. Last time I checked, no company required you to have to pull out your work laptop and work in a public Starbucks or something. If you do, that's your own problem, and you should be more deliberate about where you do confidential work, particularly if you're in a public area. >Should-surfing is a real threat to security! Sure thing, bro. And the NSA, Facebook, and Google aren't. Reply artemicion - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link If you don't need it don't buy it. In the real world, security isn't as black and white as you make it seem. In the real world, people work on projects in public places that don't involve hyper confidential national secrets. It's not information they want disseminated out in the public, but it's not something so secretive that they have to work in a cellar 1,000 ft below ground level either. For example, someone who commutes on the subway every morning may choose to use that time to read/send personal or business e-mails. They aren't "required" to work on the subway, but they'd rather work during that time, with some modicum of security, rather than dawdle about doing nothing for 30 minutes and do the work at home or stay later in the office instead of spending time with their kids. Reply snowmyr - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link @JoeyJoJo123 Seriously WTF? Who is trying to shift the blame from companies to the individual worker? Privacy screens are a real thing and I imagine are usually purchased by companies to put on their laptops. >Last time I checked, no company required you to have to pull out your work laptop and work in a public Starbucks or something. When was that? Many people are expected to work while travelling and not having the person in the seat next to you reading your screen could be useful. But what's the problem? Your hostility to a technology widely used in the corporate world for no apparent reason is bizarre. Reply Samus - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link I love how clueless all the haters are of enterprise security policies on these forums. I expected more from AT readers. Polarizing filters are a multi-million dollar industry for 3M. Why? Because people buy them. Any HIPPA or FICO compliant facility has them on any reception display, and a lot of companies have mixed security clearances even on the SAME FLOOR, so every desk has a privacy filter. This is incredibly common technology in corporate America and HP is going to sell tens of thousands of these laptops just for that reason while they have the market cornered. Reply Solandri - Saturday, August 27, 2016 - link The amusing thing is the people hating on this are probably the same people who get all upset every time a company loses their personal info due to a hack. After being kept awake on a redeye flight after the cabin lights were turned off because the person sitting next to me pulled out their laptop to work on some business presentation, I am all for this. And from a technology standpoint, the fact that they can turn this on/off and control the angle is intriguing. I can think of a lot of other applications for it outside of laptops. Like putting it on a window so that you can still see straight out the window, but sunlight coming through from higher up is blocked to help cut down on the air conditioning bill. Reply Murloc - Monday, August 29, 2016 - link why not use the eye cover? Right, airlines suck in america. Reply fanchiuho - Monday, August 29, 2016 - link >You have no requirement to work in public areas. Nobody does. And if they do, then it isn't their fault I don't know about you but to many of us, work policy and work freedom are not mutually exclusive. >you should be more deliberate about where you do confidential work I thought using these technologies are one of the solutions to be deliberate about security. Why compromise on time, when you get the option to use more secure computing? You seem to miss the point of executives and outdoor professionals being a sizeable demographic, thus market. >Sure thing, bro. And the NSA, Facebook, and Google aren't. That like saying you shouldn't use privacy windows on your car because your tyres are going to be stolen anyways. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 Connect With Us Jeb Bush’s consolation prize Black pols plan Trump resistance New GOP Congress confronts a crushing to-do list Wilbur Ross’s Chinese Love Affair This Is What It’s Like to Read Fake News For Two Weeks Losing a Presidential Bid Looks a Lot Like Getting Dumped Politico Morning Cybersecurity A daily briefing on politics and cybersecurity Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Newly discovered spyware breaks ground, raises policy questions By Tim Starks 08/26/16 10:00 AM EDT With help from Cory Bennett, Eric Geller, Martin Matishak and Li Zhou PEGASUS TAKES FLIGHT — Thursday’s unveiling of the “Pegasus” spyware — a powerful hacking tool that exploited previously unknown Apple iOS vulnerabilities — rattled the tech world and touched off a policy debate likely to rage on for months to come. Almost instantaneously, civil liberties advocates, cyber-focused lawmakers and technologists tied the incident to the recent leak of apparent NSA cyber tools, which raised questions about the scope of government hacking and when the U.S. government should disclose software defects through the so-called Vulnerability Equities Process, or VEP. Pegasus — described by the researchers who uncovered it as “one of the most sophisticated pieces of cyber espionage software we’ve ever seen” — has also been linked to government snooping on human rights activists and journalists. “In general, there have been a lot more cases coming up with questions about vulnerabilities that could be related to countries utilizing zero days,” Ari Schwartz, a former White House cybersecurity official and current managing partner for cybersecurity at Venable who recently co-wrote a report on reforming VEP, told MC. “That has certainly put more emphasis on the VEP.” Story Continued Below Rep. Ted Lieu is pushing for a hearing on the subject and wants the government to expand its disclosures. “Vulnerabilities in our communications systems have made it possible for foreign governments, criminal syndicates and hackers to target individuals and have near-full access to everything we say or do on our smartphone,” Lieu said Thursday, citing another recently unveiled flaw in Signaling System No. 7, the protocols used by wireless carriers to route calls. The United Arab Emirates government has already allegedly used Pegasus to try to snoop on a human rights activist. That revelation, along with the NSA case, could elevate this as a problem policymakers face, Schwartz said, and illustrates the need for the United States to establish clear rules of the road that prevent similar abuses by other countries. One security researcher is skeptical that anything will change, though, despite the report on Pegasus from mobile security firm Lookout and researchers at Citizen Lab that initially pointed the finger at the UAE government, as well as at an Israeli company, NSO Group, for selling the tool. “We’ve been playing this cat and mouse game a long time. It’s just the first time a well-constructed piece of spyware has surfaced from a well-funded company, likely backed by nation-state actors,” forensic scientist Jonathan Zdziarski told MC. “The VEP has proven, in my opinion, nothing more than a PR policy to give the government a way to dispose of vulnerabilities that have no value to them, while providing good PR-level justification to cover reasons for keeping the ones that we’ll likely never know about.” Here’s more from Motherboard on NSO Group, and from The Associated Press on the political ramifications for both UAE and Israel. — WHAT THE KEY PLAYERS SAY: An Apple spokesman told MC: “We were made aware of this vulnerability and immediately fixed it with iOS 9.3.5. We advise all of our customers to always download the latest version of iOS to protect themselves against potential security exploits.” Lookout’s report credited Apple for taking quick action. NSO Group told reporters that it has no knowledge of the specific UAE case, and that it requires customers to sign agreements that its products will be used legally. "The company sells only to authorized governmental agencies, and fully complies with strict export control laws and regulations," the NSO Group statement read. "Moreover the company does not operate any of its systems; it is strictly a technology company." Lookout staff engineer Max Bazaliy told MC that he doesn’t expect the Pegasus story to end here. But having evaluated the spyware, “any modifications can be much easier spotted in the near future,” he said. However, the company was reluctant to comment on any government role in disclosing vulnerabilities. “We're going to continue to research and disclose vulnerabilities we find,” said Melissa Siems, the company’s vice president of corporate communications. “That's what responsible security researchers should do.” HAPPY FRIDAY and welcome to Morning Cybersecurity! MC will not publish from Aug. 29-Sept. 5. Our next Morning Cybersecurity newsletter will publish on Sept 6. And please still send thoughts, feedback and especially your tips to tstarks@politico.com, and be sure to follow @timstarks, @POLITICOPro and @MorningCybersec. Full team info below. ENCRYPTION GROUP OFF TO SLOW START — The House’s encryption working group is still sputtering to life, five months after it was established amid a heated debate over how criminals and terrorists were using encryption to hide from investigators, report Pro Technology’s Tony Romm and Ashley Gold. “The bipartisan group has only met once in person — and isn't sure if it will produce policy recommendations or legislation by the end of the year, multiple sources told POLITICO this week. The group's slow start highlights the tough slog facing any attempt on Capitol Hill to resolve the thorny fight over encryption, which pits the tech industry's privacy and security needs against law enforcement's fears about terrorists ‘going dark’ and evading investigators online.” Despite a stated goal of completing its work by the end of this Congress, “lawmakers have largely left it to their staffs to get briefings and debate what Congress should do,” Tony and Ashley report. One member-level meeting was axed because of House votes just before the August recess. Another try is scheduled for Sept. 13. “So far, the staffers have heard from the National Security Agency, Justice Department and Commerce Department, as well as companies like Facebook, Google and Microsoft, three sources confirmed to POLITICO. DOJ officials made the case that encryption enables child pornographers and other criminals to hide from law enforcement online.” HEALTH CARE COMPANY CALLED OUT, BUT WILL IT HELP? — The cyber world was thrown for a loop on Thursday by a first-of-its-kind report that singled out one health care device manufacturer for its lagging digital defenses. “The report, by investment firm Muddy Waters and security researcher MedSec, said that pacemakers, defibrillators and other cardiac devices made by St. Jude Medical contained ‘grossly inadequate’ cybersecurity measures,” Pro eHealth’s Arthur Allen reports. Concurrently, Muddy Waters said it was selling short its stock in St. Jude Medical. The proclamation caused the company’s stock to fall 5 percent on the day. “This was apparently the first instance of an activist investor attacking a medical device maker over cybersecurity concerns,” Arthur reports. Cybersecurity specialists weren’t thrilled by the move. Explained Josh Corman, a “white hat” hacker who is a member of the Department of Health and Human Services’ Cybersecurity Task Force: “Cybersecurity in the whole industry is terrible. This isn’t the only company with problems. This will raise questions and awareness, which may be good, but it will also create an adversarial relationship. It could be overly worrisome to patients and serve as an advertisement to adversaries.” HOW MANY PIZZAS WOULD THAT BUY, EXACTLY? — A jury convicted a Russian man Thursday of hacking into U.S. businesses to steal more than 2 million credit card numbers and orchestrating an international online scheme that netted him around $169 million. Jurors found Roman Seleznev, aka Track2, guilty on 38 charges, including nine counts of hacking. Seleznev ripped off businesses, mainly pizza restaurants, in Washington state and stole credit card numbers that he then sold on underground internet forums, according to federal prosecutors. Seleznev, the son of a prominent Russian Parliament member, had faced a 40-count indictment that charged him with running the hacking scheme from 2010 until his arrest in the Maldives in July 2014. OVERSIGHT FOLLOWS UP ON ‘INFORMAL WAIVERS’ — The House Oversight Committee wants Homeland Secretary Jeh Johnson to explain the thinking that went into “informal waivers” that allowed him and other high-ranking officials to skirt official policy and use personal devices for official government business. A letter to Johnson this week follows up on a request from March, which DHS has “failed to comply with … or even provide a timeline for responding,” according to Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz. The chairman’s letter said there is “no justifiable reason” for DHS to withhold information from Congress and demanded answers from the department by Sept. 6, even raising the threat of a subpoena. AN OLIVE BRANCH FROM BEIJING, MAYBE — The Chinese government has given Microsoft, Cisco, IBM and Intel seats on the committee that sets domestic cybersecurity standards, The Wall Street Journal reported this week. The move could signal a desire on Beijing’s part to incorporate U.S. tech companies’ views into what has been a contentious, closely watched security rulemaking process. Microsoft, Cisco and IBM confirmed that they had joined China’s National Information Security Standards Technical Committee, while Intel did not respond to multiple requests for comment. A Cisco spokesman said the company joined in January. The committee has several working groups tackling cybersecurity issues like encryption and big data, according to the Journal. China in December adopted a new counterterrorism law that, despite reassurances from Beijing, has prompted criticism from civil liberties groups and caused anxiety among tech companies over a provision that could let the government ban unbreakable encryption. “We have long urged the Chinese government to allow foreign IT companies to participate in China's standards development process,” IBM spokesman Adam Pratt told MC. “Information security is clearly an important issue for all countries, and IBM is glad to be able to participate in developing appropriate [information technology] standards in China.” CAMPAIGN CHECK-IN: WILL HURD’S RACE GETS FUNDING BOOST — From our friends at Morning Tech: Cybersecurity expert and former CIA agent Rep. Will Hurd is facing a fierce challenge from former Rep. Pete Gallego, who’s garnered strong labor support, in this year’s upcoming election. Hurd’s San Antonio-area district is one of 20 “toss-up” races the Republican Party is watching closely as it strives to maintain a strong majority in the House. As such, the National Republican Congressional Committee recently announced that it’s spending $2.1 million on advertising time beginning in late September, on top of the $1.6 million in commercials that Hurd’s campaign has already designated. A Republican super PAC, the Congressional Leadership Fund, is also shelling out $800,000 to support Hurd’s efforts. The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has committed to contributing $1.16 million in ad spending to bolster Gallego. Given his tech background, companies including Dell, Google, Comcast and Yahoo have collectively contributed more than $50,000 to Hurd’s campaign as well. When asked about Donald Trump, Hurd has remained firmly neutral — a position that could ultimately hurt him, since Trump’s ratings have been so unfavorable in the district, a region that’s home to a large Hispanic population. Hurd has made a name for himself in Congress as an IT whiz who’s well-versed in the national security threats posed on the cyber front, spearheading legislation that updated the computer system at the Department of Homeland Security. However, his district is one that no member has been able to hold onto for more than one term in the past eight years and Gallego has used Hurd’s noncommittal stance on Trump, as well as unsuccessful involvement in passing Zika funding, as knocks against him. RECENTLY ON PRO CYBERSECURITY — The Homeland Security Department is investigating the hack of “Ghostbusters” and “Saturday Night Live” star Leslie Jones. … NIST awarded six grants to help with secure logins. … WhatsApp says it plans to share more data with Facebook, but do so in a way that protects privacy. … CrowdStrike is contributing findings from its “Falcon” scanner into VirusTotal, a Google-owned malware database. REPORT WATCH — Less than a third of the information security pros who attended the recent Black Hat hacker conference are prepared to handle the risks associated with Internet of Things devices, according to a new survey from Tripwire. Meanwhile, nearly 80 percent of respondents said they are worried about the IoT devices being weaponized for denial of service attacks. Just 11 percent of those polled said they consider DDoS attacks as one of the top 2 security threats facing their organization. QUICK BYTES — Ransomware isn’t making anyone rich. Bloomberg. — But some hackers are working on “Mr. Robot”-themed ransomware anyhow. International Business Times. — The FCC published a notice in the Federal Register this week about 5G cybersecurity. InsideSources. — Here’s the Matthew Keys appeal. — Canada dramatically increased the number of calls and communications it’s intercepting. National Post. — Lost and stolen devices account for a quarter of breaches in the financial services industry. Bitglass. — Reuters highlights encryption’s role in the reelection campaign of Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr. — It’s not just the Defense Department making a change to identity authentication. Federal News Radio. — A New Hampshire man pleaded guilty to a computer hacking and sextortion scheme. Justice Department. — Rep. Trey Gowdy said Hillary Clinton deleted her emails in a way “so even God couldn’t read them,” raising the question: Could God delete an email server so effectively that even he couldn’t recover it? POLITICO. That’s all for today. We’ll miss you while we’re gone! Stay in touch with the whole team: Cory Bennett (cbennett@politico.com, @Cory_Bennett); Bryan Bender (bbender@politico.com, @BryanDBender); Eric Geller (egeller@politico.com, @ericgeller); Martin Matishak (mmatishak@politico.com, @martinmatishak) and Tim Starks (tstarks@politico.com, @timstarks). « View Archives Authors: Tim Starks tstarks@politico.com Most Read Jeb Bush’s consolation prize This Is What It’s Like to Read Fake News For Two Weeks New GOP Congress confronts a crushing to-do list Spicer: 'Irresponsible’ to plan Russia response without final report Black pols plan Trump resistance Trump's CNN book cover was shot after tense meeting with TV execs Trump rehashes election victory Wilbur Ross’s Chinese Love Affair Trump: Rahm Emanuel should seek federal help to stop Chicago violence House Republicans gut their own oversight Morning Cybersecurity - POLITICO Archive Thursday, 12/22/16 Wednesday, 12/21/16 Tuesday, 12/20/16 Monday, 12/19/16 Friday, 12/16/16 View the Full Morning Cybersecurity Archives » Politico Magazine Putin’s Real Long Game By Molly K. McKew The 9 Places That Really Mattered in 2016 By Taylor Gee Remembering Michael Herr By Brian Van Reet What the ‘Godfather of Populism’ Thinks of Donald Trump By Richard Linnett More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Twitter Facebook Toggle Navigation Home News In Depth News This Week in HPC Lists November 2016 June 2016 November 2015 June 2015 November 2014 June 2014 Highlights of the 43rd TOP500 List November 2013 Highlights - November 2013 June 2013 Highlights - June 2013 November 2012 Highlights - November 2012 June 2012 Highlights: June 2012 November 2011 Highlights: November 2011 June 2011 Highlights: June 2011 November 2010 Highlights: November 2010 June 2010 June 2010 - Highlights November 2009 Highlights - November 2009 June 2009 Highlights - June 2009 November 2008 Highlights - November 2008 June 2008 Highlights - June 2008 November 2007 Highlights - November 2007 June 2007 Highlights - June 2007 November 2006 Highlights - November 2006 June 2006 Highlights - June 2006 November 2005 Highlights - November 2005 June 2005 Highlights - June 2005 Statistics Sublist Generator List Statistics Development over Time Treemaps Efficiency, Power, Cores... Performance Development Resources TOP500 Certificates TOP #1 Systems TOP500 Timeline Videos Posters and other Materials Frequently Asked Questions Media Kit and Editorial Submissions TOP500 Logo Usage About Call for Participation in the TOP500 / Green500 Lists Introduction and Objectives The Linpack Benchmark TOP500 Description TOP500 Authors Hans Werner Meuer (1936 - 2014†) Erich Strohmaier Jack Dongarra Horst Simon Martin Meuer TOP500 News Team Green500 Home News Chinese Chipmaker Unveils Speedy 64-Core ARM Processor Chinese Chipmaker Unveils Speedy 64-Core ARM Processor Michael Feldman | August 26, 2016 01:30 CEST Phytium Technology has announced a 64-core ARM server CPU, which according to the press release will deliver 512 gigaflops of performance. The new chip, known as FT-2000/64, is aimed at “high throughput and high performance servers.” Phytium is a chip design enterprise, based in Tianjin, China. In March 2015, the company released its first products: the FT-1500A/4 and FT-1500A/16, 4-core and 16-core implementations, respectively of the ARMv8 design. The 4-core version was developed for PCs and lightweight servers, while the 16-core version was aimed at more mainstream servers for web, cloud, and database applications. The new FT-2000/64 is a more powerful version of 16-core chip, targeting the same server application space, in addition to high performance computing. The FT-2000/64 announcement was made in conjunction with the Hot Chips symposium, which took place in Cupertino, California earlier this week. At the event, the company displayed a prototype server that housed the new processor. Phytium actually previewed the FT-2000/64 design at last year’s symposium, when the chip was under the codename “Mars.” That subsequently prompted some speculation that the chip would replace the now-banned Xeon Phi processors in the 100-petaflop upgrade to the Tianhe-2 supercomputer, which was supposed to be revealed in June at ISC 2016. Given that the latter never happened, it’s likely those FT-2000/64 chips were not deployed, or if they were, did not meet expectations. At 512 gigaflops though, the FT-2000/64 is certainly suitable for HPC gear. Assuming those FLOPS numbers are valid, the Phytium silicon would match up well with the current-generation Broadwell Xeon chips from Intel, at least from a raw performance standpoint. Also, with more than 200 GB/sec of memory bandwidth, the FT-2000/64 is well into Power8/Power9 territory. For just 100 watts, those are some impressive processor specs. And if those numbers hold up, that would mean Phytium’s newest offering is the most powerful ARM server chip on the planet. Here are the key chip features from the FT-2000/64 product page:  Process：Manufacturing with 28nm process Core：Integrating sixty-four FTC661 cores Frequency：Running at 1.5GHz~2.0GHz Cache：Integrating 32MB L2 cache and extending 128MB LLC Extension Interface：Integrating eight proprietary extension interfaces, each delivering 19.2GB/s effective r/w bandwidth Memory Interface：Extending sixteen DDR3-1600 memory controllers, which can deliver 204.8GB/s memory access bandwidth. I/O Interface：Integrating two x16 or four x8 PCIE Gen3 interface Power：Max. power 100W Package：FCBGA package with 2892 pins No pricing was provided on the new chips, and it’s unclear from the press release if the product is available today. The next time we hear about the FT-2000/64 might very well be when it shows up in a TOP500 supercomputer. Stay tuned. ← previous next → Current rating: 4.2 1 2 3 4 5 TOP500 Current List TOP 1 Systems Statistics   Tweets by @top500supercomp Recent Posts White House Frames AI Policy: “Technology is Not Destiny” Australian HPC Provider Joins OpenPOWER, Adds IBM Cluster to Growing Stable of Supercomputers HPC in 2016: Hits and Misses AMD Throws Hat Into Machine Learning Ring; ARM Acquires Allinea Cray Takes on Fourth Paradigm Archive 2017 January (1) 2016 December (15) November (28) October (23) September (23) August (26) July (24) June (28) May (24) April (7) March (5) February (8) January (5) Categories Blog (18) Feature Article (69) In Depth (61) Intersect360 Research Contribution (1) ISC Events (1) press-release (9) This Week in HPC (114) Whispers (4) Tags whispers (3) Feeds RSS / Atom Imprint Contact Log in Sign up Copyright 1993-2016 TOP500.org (c)
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 7 Clever Evernote Features to Streamline Your Workflow Productivity 7 Clever Evernote Features to Streamline Your Workflow Nancy Messieh 5 Free Game Development Software Tools To Make Your Own Games Gaming Programming 5 Free Game Development Software Tools To Make Your Own Games Joel Lee Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Best Back to School Gadgets in 2016 Buying Guides Best Back to School Gadgets in 2016 Mihir Patkar August 26, 2016 26-08-2016 7 minutes Best Back to School Gadgets in 2016 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google A new year at college or school can stress out anyone. Arm yourself with the right tech gear to make your life easier, so that you can spend more time learning and making friends, rather than struggling with silly everyday things. You’ll undoubtedly need a long list of items, so we highlighted some of the must-buys that every back-to-school goer needs to get the new year started on the right note. Best Wearable Exercise Devices No matter how busy your college schedule gets, you need to make time for your health. You can try wearable fitness trackers, but remember, these depend on how you implement them Can Wearable Health Devices Actually Make You Healthier? Can Wearable Health Devices Actually Make You Healthier? Despite the number of wearable health devices set to reach 170 million by 2017, there is still no scientific evidence proving their effectiveness. But it's far too soon to give up hope. Read More . You can also try smartwatches since an Apple Watch can make fitness bands obsolete Does Apple Watch Make Your Wearable Activity Tracker Obsolete? Does Apple Watch Make Your Wearable Activity Tracker Obsolete? "But I thought Apple and Fitbit were working together!" you cry from the back of the room – and that's an understandable misconception. Read More . It comes down to your budget, so here are your best choices. Apple Watch ($349/£320): The best smartwatch around, especially for iPhone users. Read our review. How The Apple Watch Won Me Over How The Apple Watch Won Me Over When Apple announced their latest gadget, I wasn't entirely impressed. I ignored the hype, disregarded the reviews, and didn't pre-order one for myself. Obviously, I caved. Read More Huawei Watch ($249/£238): You’d be forgiven for thinking this is a real wristwatch and not an Android smartwatch. And yet it packs everything the Apple Watch does. Ads by Google FitBit Charge HR ($124/£80): All the benefits of Fitbit with a heart-rate monitor. The Pebble 2 isn’t out yet, but that might be something worth waiting for as well. Bluetooth Speakers Bluetooth speakers are a must-have for any dorm room. They let your gadgets talk to you 7 Ways a Bluetooth Speaker Can Let Your Gadgets Talk to You 7 Ways a Bluetooth Speaker Can Let Your Gadgets Talk to You You've probably seen portable Bluetooth speakers on sale, but never thought of a need for them. Think again: you can use IFTTT to make a simple notification system for your smart home. Read More , and of course, you can listen to your favorite music or take hands-free calls whenever you want. Depending on your budget, you can go for quality audio, a balance between audio and utility, or a cheap but efficient set of speakers. Bose Soundlink Mini 2 ($199/£170): The best sound quality, and the best bass from Bluetooth speakers. JBL Flip 3 ($82/£90): It’s compact, but the volume is surprisingly loud. Plus it’s waterproof and works as a speakerphone. JBL Clip 2 ($49/£50): Hang this little buddy in your shower and sing along to your favorite tunes. This lightweight gizmo gives a new meaning to portable speakers. Bluetooth Headphones Forget about wired headphones — it’s time to cut that cord. You can get some of the best Bluetooth headphones of 2016 Best Bluetooth Headphones in 2016 Best Bluetooth Headphones in 2016 Android and Apple phones may dispense with their audio jacks. Bluetooth, on the other hand, may replace wires entirely. So you may want to invest in Bluetooth headphones. But which one? Read More for less than 40 bucks. They work with any phone or laptop, and some of them even have a wire slot in case they run out of battery. [On-ear] Jabra Move ($70/£70): The best value for money deal in Bluetooth headphones. Nothing else comes close. [Over-ear] Bose QuietComfort 35 ($349/£290): Active noise cancellation, top-notch sound quality, and incredible battery life, but it comes at a steep cost. [In-ear] Jaybird X2 ($113/£138): Ideal for runners and anyone who wants to carry their headphones in their pocket, not their bag. Chromecast or Stick PC While televisions are cheaper than ever, they can get even less expensive. A nice trick is to buy an old model that comes without smart features. Nope, you don’t need a smart TV in 2016 5 Reasons Why You Shouldn't Buy a Smart TV in 2016 5 Reasons Why You Shouldn't Buy a Smart TV in 2016 It's undeniable that smart TVs are now obsolete, and at this time, the choice to buy a smart TV would not be a smart thing to do. Here's why. Read More . All you need is a Chromecast ($30), and you’ll be set. Read our Chromecast review Google Chromecast Review and Giveaway Google Chromecast Review and Giveaway We're giving away a Google Chromecast, so read through our review, then join the competition to win! Read More to find out why it’s the best little gizmo around. In fact, if you can stretch your budget a bit, get a Stick PC instead of a Chromecast Thinking of Buying a Chromecast? Buy a Stick PC Instead Thinking of Buying a Chromecast? Buy a Stick PC Instead The Chromecast is a wonderful little gadget. However, it has some issues that could mean it's not the right choice for you. True geeks should consider buying a stick PC instead. Read More . It’s a better way to make your TV smart, especially considering you get a full desktop operating system and the ability to turn it into a media server if need be. And unlike a Chromecast, it’ll work with those Bluetooth headphones you just bought so you can watch in peace at night. Digital Voice Recorder and Note Taker You will want to record some of the lectures you attend because taking notes isn’t the only way to capture your professor’s teachings. The Wirecutter recommends the Sony ICD UX553 ($77/£60) for the right balance between cost and performance. It records stereo audio, has a solid display, and receives power from AAA batteries as well as USB. The LiveScribe Smartpen 3 ($139/£130) is also a neat tool for the job. It looks like a regular pen, but it packs some smart technology inside. It also records audio clearly whenever you write something, so you get the highlights without missing anything. Plus, it sends your notes to its digital app, which converts the audio into text. Just remember, before you record a lecture, get your professor’s permission to do so. Not everyone is okay with it. Calculator Just stop looking at options, buy the Texas Instruments’ TI 84 Plus ($88/£94), and be done with it. Nothing is going to come close, nothing at all. Even though it’s over a decade old, most schools and colleges recommend this as a must-have item. No, your smartphone or tablet isn’t the best option. The Washington Post wrote an homage as to why the TI 84 Plus holds a monopoly on classrooms. If you study any subject requiring a calculator, this is what you need. Ebook Reader You’ll be doing a lot of reading in school, so you might want to grab yourself a good ebook reader. The Kindles obviously top the recommendation list here, but you can check out our comparison of seven popular e-readers The Best Ebook Reader: 7 Models Compared The Best Ebook Reader: 7 Models Compared An ebook reader is a must-have item for book lovers. You can carry thousands of books in your pocket and recharge once a month. But what's the best ebook reader out there? Read More to make a decision. For most students, the Kindle Paperwhite ($120/£110) is going to hit the sweet spot in balancing performance and features. You’ll also find plenty of highlights from other users to make it easy to take notes. And remember, you can send any ebook, document, or article to your Kindle How To Send eBooks, Documents, And Articles To Your Kindle App Or eReader How To Send eBooks, Documents, And Articles To Your Kindle App Or eReader Kindle makes it easy to buy and read eBooks from Amazon. But what if you want to read your own eBooks, documents, or articles on your Kindle? Amazon's Send-to-Kindle has you covered. Read More . 2-in-1 Laptop If you’re buying a new laptop for the school year, it’s time to go for a 2-in-1 hybrid (not a convertible) What Are 2-In-1 Laptops and How to Pick the Best One? What Are 2-In-1 Laptops and How to Pick the Best One? 2-in-1 laptops combine the portability of tablets with the ergonomics of a laptop, but are they any good? Is it better to get a tablet and a laptop separately? We explore. Read More . That’s a laptop with a detachable screen, which acts like a tablet. Sure, it runs Windows, but these devices have finally become good enough for you to justify buying one of them instead of a separate laptop and tablet. We have a variety of options in our recently updated list of the best mini PC tablets or hybrids in 2016 Best Mini PC Tablet or Convertible Hybrid Best Mini PC Tablet or Convertible Hybrid Tablet sales have been declining. However, one category of tablet continues growing: tablets that transform into laptops when coupled with a keyboard. We call these 2-in-1 tablets. We rounded up the best convertibles around. Read More . For a college student on a budget, the Asus Transformer Book T300 Chi ($499/£590) is a wise choice, what with its powerful Intel Core M processor Intel Core M: What's so Great About the Processor? Intel Core M: What's so Great About the Processor? The Intel Core M is the most hyped processor in years, and with good reason: it's at the heart of a new revolution in laptops. Read More and 12.5-inch Full HD touchscreen. Laptop Lock Remote-wiping software can keep your laptop data safe, but not stop your laptop itself from being stolen. For that, you will need tools to lock your laptop down Tools & Techniques For When You Must Leave Your Laptop Alone In Public Tools & Techniques For When You Must Leave Your Laptop Alone In Public Ideally we would never leave our laptops from our sight, especially in public. And there are definitely areas like airports and public transit where you should never consider it an option. But since becoming a... Read More , especially a security cable. Most laptops use a Kensington lock, but some models have different locks, so look that up before you buy. LaptopMag has several recommendations, but the simple Kensington Combination Lock ($20/£19) stood out for its simplicity and price. It’s basically like a bicycle lock, so you need to tether it down to a secure and sturdy object like a table. Otherwise, both things will get stolen! Budget Tablet If you already have a laptop, you might still want a cheap tablet for purposes like browsing, reading comics, watching movies, social networking, and playing games. Naturally, you don’t want to spend too much. The best budget tablet at the moment is the Asus Zenpad 10. The Zenpad 10 comes with two different processor versions: MediaTek or Intel. Even though it costs just ~$160 (£150), it punches well above its weight. The 10-inch screen is bright and lovely, the performance is good enough for all of the above tablet tasks, and you can expect about 7 hours of continuous screen time. Read our full review ASUS ZenPad 10 Z300M Review and Giveaway ASUS ZenPad 10 Z300M Review and Giveaway Android tablets are having a hard time right now. Well, they've always had a hard time. The iPad is difficult to go up against, and now even Google is making their own tablet. Read More for more. Portable Hard Drive At this point, buying a portable hard drive isn’t just about backing up your computer’s data. You want that external drive to be extra data storage for your laptop, your smartphone, your tablet, and whatever else. It’s time to go for wireless hard drives Wireless Hard Drives: How They Work & Which Features Matter Wireless Hard Drives: How They Work & Which Features Matter Wireless hard drives are the future of external storage, but which features and specifications are the most important when shopping for one? Read More . Don’t think about buying a wired one any more. The best of the lot is the Seagate Wireless Plus as it has a better battery life than others in its class and works smoothly with iPads, Android smartphones, Windows devices, and Macs. You can get storage up to 500GB for $95, 1TB for $140 (£105), and 2TB for $180 (£160). What’s In Your Shopping List? Apart from these items, what other gadgets and gizmos have you added to your shopping list for the new school year? Did we miss any back-to-school gadgets? Do you have any fresh, smart home products that you’re looking forward to seeing? Tell us what we missed in the comments below. Previous PostBest Bluetooth Headphones in 2016Next PostWhich Brands Are Best When Buying a Wireless Router? 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Mihir Patkar 790 articles Mihir Patkar is a freelance writer on technology and life hacks, who firmly believes chocolate is the answer to any question. You can usually find him saying other such silly things on Twitter. Advertisement Latest Giveaways 3Doodler Create 3D Pen Review and Giveaway 3Doodler Create 3D Pen Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley December 29, 2016 29-12-2016 Sony PlayStation 4 Pro Review and Giveaway Sony PlayStation 4 Pro Review and Giveaway Dave LeClair December 17, 2016 17-12-2016 Blackview R6 Review and Giveaway Blackview R6 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis December 13, 2016 13-12-2016 Advertisement Trending 7 Clever Evernote Features to Streamline Your Workflow Productivity 7 Clever Evernote Features to Streamline Your Workflow Nancy Messieh December 30, 2016 30-12-2016 6 Easiest Programming Languages to Learn for Beginners Programming 6 Easiest Programming Languages to Learn for Beginners Moe Long December 29, 2016 29-12-2016 Let’s Face It: Amazon Echo’s Alexa Is Stupid Smart Home Let’s Face It: Amazon Echo’s Alexa Is Stupid Dan Price December 29, 2016 29-12-2016 Advertisement Related Articles The Best Dash Cams of the New Year for Crushing Insurance Fraud Buying Guides The Best Dash Cams of the New Year for Crushing Insurance Fraud Moe Long January 2, 2017 02-01-2017 5 Online Shopping Sites That Will Actually SAVE You Money Finance 5 Online Shopping Sites That Will Actually SAVE You Money Joel Lee December 30, 2016 30-12-2016 Best Tech to Meet Your 2016 New Year’s Resolutions Buying Guides Best Tech to Meet Your 2016 New Year’s Resolutions Dave LeClair December 29, 2016 29-12-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Log in or Sign up Submit Post Advertise Search titles only Posted by Member: Separate names with a comma. Newer Than: Search this thread only Search this forum only Display results as threads Useful Searches Recent Posts More... Menu Home News Hub Article Hub Video Hub Competition Hub1 Competition Hub Quick Links Competition Index Rules, Terms & Conditions Market Hub Member's Hub Menu Home > Market Hub > Gadgets & Electronics > Laptop: Lenovo Yoga 300 Touchscreen (4GB, 500GB, 11.6-Inch) | 36% Discount, Lagos – Nigeria Discussion in 'Gadgets & Electronics' started by Kenneth Chimaobi, Aug 26, 2016. Views count: 160 Tags: konga lagos laptop lenovo laptop lonovo yoga 300 nigeria touchscreen laptop Kenneth Chimaobi Social Member Curators This laptop deal offers you a brand new convertible Lenovo Yoga 300 Touchscreen laptop at a huge discount price in Nigeria. The Lenovo Yoga 300 is a laptop when you want it, a tablet when you need it, and more. You can effortlessly modify amongst its four modes Laptop, Stand, Tent, and Tablet. Beginning at a mere 3.0 lbs and just 0.85" thin, the Yoga 300 is ultra-Slim, it's flawless for doers on the go. With about 8 hours on a average battery, you will go all day wanting to recharge. It is powered by a powerful Intel Pentium Quad Core and a 4GB RAM. It has up to 500GB storage capacity. Product Information Brand: Lenovo Screen siz: 11.6 inches HDMI: Yes OS: Windows 8.1 RAM: 4 GB Hard Drive: 500GB Graphics: Intel HD Graphics Intel Pentium Quad Core Processor You can buy this Laptop today from Konga Online at the best price in Nigeria. Offer: 36% Discount New Price: ₦83,000 Or pay as low as ₦81,000 when you use KongaPAY during checkout Click here for more details...   Kenneth Chimaobi, Aug 26, 2016 #1 You may like Comments [You must log in or sign up to reply here.] Show Ignored Content Log in with Facebook Your name or email address: Do you already have an account? No, create an account now. Yes, my password is: Forgot your password? Stay logged in Today's Exchange Rate Currency Interbank Rate Market rate USD 305 490 GBP 378 590 EUR 324 502 Competitions Nigeria Quiz: Nigeria's Top Daily News Snapshot - 01-01-2017 (Day 212) Samguine Nigeria Quiz: 10 Top Destinations In Ogun State (Day 211) Samguine Sponsored Posts Tomato Paste Industry Might Die Next Year If Forex Policy Remains - Tomato Union Samguine Dec 28, 2016 at 8:36 PM 2 comments Gionee S6s: The Stylish, Sleek And Sophisticated S+ Rated Phone Samguine Dec 20, 2016 0 comments How To Make A Woman Ask For More And Last Long In Bed Samguine Dec 8, 2016 0 comments Pinnacle Court: Three-Bedroom Flats For Sale In G.R.A Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria Oluogunjobi Dec 6, 2016 0 comments Gionee M6: Marathon Is Not A Myth Samguine Dec 6, 2016 0 comments Sponsor Nigerian Bulletin Featured Article Graduate Jobs In Nigeria: Standard Chartered Bank - Business Development Executive We're a leading international bank, with more than a 150-year history in some of the world's most dynamic markets. We bank the people and companies driving investment, trade and the creation of wealth across Asia, Africa and the Middle East. With... Samguine Jan 2, 2017 at 11:22 AM 0 comments Featured Video [Video] Nigeria 02-01-2017: Buhari, Apostle Okose and Today's Other News Highlights This video highlights the top news updates in Nigeria as we saw it on Nigerian Bulletin on Monday, 02 January, 2017. ----- [SIZE=4][URL='https://www.nigerianbulletin.com/threads/nigerian-actor-‘aki’-welcomes-first-child-after-6-years-of-marriage-ph... Oluogunjobi Jan 2, 2017 at 4:49 PM 0 comments Trending posts MMM Nigeria Releases Statement Over Participants' Accounts RemmyAlex Jan 2, 2017 at 11:34 PM 1 comments Prophet Chukwudi Reveals When, How President Buhari Will Die, His Replacement kemi Jan 3, 2017 at 12:12 AM 3 comments Lagos: Husband Stabs Wife in the Vagina for 'Sleeping With His Apprentice' Lequte Jan 2, 2017 at 11:08 AM 6 comments How it All Happened - Woman Stabbed By Husband in Vagina Finally Opens Up kemi Jan 2, 2017 at 1:48 PM 1 comments Nollywood Actress, Toyin Majekodunmi is Dead kemi Jan 2, 2017 at 7:15 PM 0 comments Latest Comments All their lie lie prophesies. Prophet Chukwudi tell us when did God say u will die if really u interacted with God. Prophet my foot just leading blind people astray.. 2019 is almost here. We will wai... by Samguine, Jan 3, 2017 at 12:12 AM Take time to read and digest the information below, it will Change your financial life forever!!! Let me introduce to you a simple money making strategy that guarantees you 300% profit in 10 days Yo... by Joseph Augustine, Jan 2, 2017 at 11:34 PM This idea can make impact on Nigeria to attain economic independence. You right right, if not hijacked by our usual politicians. by RemmyAlex, Jan 2, 2017 at 8:13 PM Shonekan's voice is lit! :) by Oluogunjobi, Jan 2, 2017 at 6:05 PM Let us hear the man's version of the story. by Lequte, Jan 2, 2017 at 1:48 PM Company About Privacy Use Terms Advertise Contact Sitemap News Hub Politics News Business News Metro News World News Entertainment News Sports News Article Hub Jobs & Careers Money & Finance Cars & Technology Travel Health & Living Life Line Sponsored Posts Video Hub General Life & Living Social Fun Music & Movies Business Subscribe Log in Register Email Newsletter Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Menu Home News Hub Article Hub Video Hub Competition Hub1 Competition Hub Quick Links Competition Index Rules, Terms & Conditions Market Hub Member's Hub Menu NigerianBulletin.com is one of Nigeria's leading on-line destinations for the latest Nigerian trending news and updates, helpful articles and a community sharing the best, latest information on Nigeria and things that concern Nigerians. Some of the topics we cover include Nigerian political news, metro, sports, business and entertainment. In addition we provide articles on careers, health, technology, travel and money. These articles are designed to help Nigerians make informed decisions in their every day personal and professional lives. Terms and Rules Privacy Policy
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Username Password Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Why distributed networks and smart sensors won’t survive in self-driving cars Why distributed networks and smart sensors won’t survive in self-driving cars In-vehicle processors will need teraflops of processing power to support autonomous features Lucas Mearian (Computerworld (US)) 26 August, 2016 20:00 - - - - print email Distributors BMS Technology Dicker Data Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Synnex Comments As autonomous driving technology allows vehicles to become more independent of their human drivers, advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) will not be able to rely on today's distributed processors and smart sensors, according to a new report. The report, from ABI Research, forecasts that 13 million vehicles with centralized ADAS platforms will ship in 2025. As more vehicle systems -- such as acceleration, braking and steering -- are taken over by computers, and as more sensors and machine vision systems (cameras) are added, carmakers will need to adopt new platforms based on powerful, centralized processors and high-speed low latency networking. ABI Research "The new centralized ADAS architectures will unify sensing, processing, and actuation to deliver integrated decision-making for smooth path planning and effective collision avoidance," said ABI Research analyst James Hodgson. System-on-chip (SOC) makers and other auto industry suppliers have already begun announcing centralized autonomous driving platforms with common themes. These include vastly more powerful processing platforms that average between 8 and 12 teraflops (TFLOPs), which is orders of magnitude beyond the typical smart sensor currently deployed in ADAS, Hodgson said. Several vendors have already announced centralized autonomous driving platforms. For example, NXP announced BlueBox, Mobileye released its EyeQ5 SOC and NVIDIA announced its Drive PX 2, liquid-cooled supercomputer for cars with 2.5 teraflops of processing power. Creative Commons Lic. Google's Lexus RX450h self-driving car with LiDAR on its roof. Delphi Automotive and Mobileye also announced a partnership to co-develop what they described as the market's first turnkey fully autonomous driving system for automakers. Mobileye also has separate self-driving technology partnerships with both BMW and Intel to produce self-driving cars by 2021. Mobileye has "partnerships here, there and everywhere. It's quite curious, and I'm not sure what they're attempting to achieve," Hodgson said. "I always take supply agreements with a grain of salt because without [carmakers buying in] it only will go so far." In some ways, the processing capabilities of self-driving cars will depend on outside network communications. For example, vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) and vehicle-to-infrastructure (V2I) communications will provide insight into what other autonomous vehicles plan to do next as well as enable cars to see around the next corner. While autonomous technology has come a long way in a relatively short time, there are still issues that need to be addressed. These include a vehicle's underlying telematics infrastructure, and carmakers have recognized that challenge. Audi Audi's zFAS central autonomous driving controller. One of the earliest examples of a centralized autonomous driving system developed by a carmaker was Audi's trunk-filling zFAS controller, which it released last year and developed with NVIDIA and Delphi, Hodgson said. "We are fast approaching the end of what can be achieved in automation within the confines of legacy architectures," Hodgson said. "Vendors across the ecosystem need to take this time to plan accordingly in order to appropriately manage the industry transition toward centralized ADAS architectures." HP Elite Slice More from Dicker Data Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next Google sued by employee for confidentiality policies that 'muzzle' staff ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair ... Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel Deals Com1 International Aavara Pro Series Monitor Stands Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Whether it be technology troubles, government conflicts or declining sales, 2016 has been a year to forget for some of the industry's biggest players. ARN examines the vendors who will forever look back on 2016 as an annus horribilis. Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 The channel pulled together as an industry to support those in need during the IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day in association with AC3. Held at St. Michael's Golf Club, and won by Team Arrow, the event raised $40,000, with all proceeds split between Ronald McDonald House and Saves Our Sons, who work tirelessly to help children in need. Gold sponsors on the day included Hewlett Packard Enterprise TS and HP, alongside sponsors, Arrow; Pure Storage; Synnex; Dicker Data; Tribeca Living; Fortinet; rhipe; Dell EMC; Eaton; Nimble Storage; Datto and Hemisphere Technologies.​ Photos by Maria Stefina. Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Nutanix recently took to the seas for a Christmas Cruise around Sydney Harbour with its Australia and New Zealand staff, customers and partners to celebrate a stellar year for the vendor. With the sun out, they were all smiles and mingled over drinks and food. Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers Build vs. Buy: Calculate the TCO of BDR D-Link Case Study: TAFE Improves Security with a Powerful HD Surveillance Solution D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients How to Sell Disaster Recovery Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ​Hemisphere Technologies - A next-generation approach to distribution   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 11:15AM ​Smartphone battleground shifts as virtual personal assistants accelerate 05:00AM Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' 03:18AM Millennials push for public cloud, innovation Dec 30 ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? More News Top 50 defining moments of the Australian channel in 2016 ​2016: The year that was for Aussie end-users 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017
A fatal error has occured during your request, please try again opening a new web browser
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Ecumenical News ecunews.com Home U.S. world Church Culture Belief Humanitarian Analysis Lifestyle Pope Francis Christmas message Korean Peninsula Fighting Fake News Middle East Christians Climate Change Jan 02, 2017, Updated at 21:56 PM EST Home Lifestyle Microsoft Surface Pro 5 release date, specs rumors: Device not expected this year Vincent Alocada |Sunday, August 28 2016 Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it (Microsoft Official) Shown in the picture is the Microsoft Surface Pro 4. According to rumors, the Surface Pro 5 will not be released this year. Despite numerous sources saying that the Surface Pro 5 is getting released before the year ends, the latest buzz in the rumor mill indicates that the anticipated device will not make it to store shelves earlier than 2017. There have been numerous reports claiming that Microsoft will roll out several of its Surface line products this year, such as the Surface Phone, Surface Book 2, and the Surface Pro 5. However, according to the latest report, it is now predicted that the Surface Pro 5 will not arrive this 2016. In fact, there have already been earlier predictions that along with the Surface Pro 5, Microsoft will also delay the release of all its other rumored devices. Allegedly, the company is still waiting for Redstone — aka RS2 as it is the second update — which is slated to arrive in early 2017. It is also alleged that the company is still waiting for Intel's Kaby Lake processor, which its Surface products will pack. However, despite the uncertainty about its release date, there are also numerous rumors about what the Surface Pro 5 will offer as far as its features and specs are concerned. Allegedly, the device will come in two variants in terms of screen display; the 2k and 4k resolution. It could also come with USB Type-C support. While it's true that the current Surface Pro 4 already comes with the Surface Pen, it is also said that the upcoming Surface Pro 5 will have the upgraded version of the accessory that can charge wirelessly when it docks on the device. The Surface Pro 5 was expected to arrive last June, but the speculation turned out to be false. The current Surface Pro 4 impressed its owners, it is but understandable why Microsoft fans have been excitedly waiting for the arrival of the Surface Pro 5, which might outdo its predecessor. Unfortunately, the device's release date is still up in the air as Microsoft has not yet released any official statement. Copyright © 2016 Ecumenical News Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it RECOMMENDED Ukrainian conflict East Europe's worst crisis since World War 2, says archbishop S. African priest who resisted witchcraft on path to Catholic sainthood First black presiding bishop installed at Episcopal Church USA Churches unite in call for United States to confront racism Pentecostal Church in Chile celebrates Christian unity at ecumenical service News from Lifestyle Surface Phone updates: Leaked photos confirm Microsoft's upcoming mobile device? Samsung Galaxy S8 release date, specs, rumors: S8 expected to wipe off Note 7 stigma Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, rumors: Device geared to return strong in 2017 LG G6 release date, specs, latest news: G6 expected to be able to compete with Samsung Galaxy S8 Nintendo Switch release date, specs, latest updates: Rumors of a non-replaceable battery worries gaming enthusiasts Most Popular After Istanbul carnage, Pope and World Council of Churches condemn attack on innocents Lutheran Church of Norway to separate from State after 500 years UN expert hails US for placing atheists on equal footing with faith groups Word's tallest Christmas tree in Sri Lanka draws flak from Catholic Church S. African bishop likens presidential call to stay out of politics to those of apartheid leaders; he will ignore it Pope Francis pleads for peace in world scarred by 'idolatry of money' Full text: Pope Francis 2016 Christmas message "Urbi et Orbi" Tweets by @EcumenicalNews Ecumenical News ©2017 All rights resesrved About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms of Service Privacy Policy X
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Nubia Z11 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Moto Z Play Xiaomi Mi Mix OnePlus 3T Motorola Moto M Moto G4, G4 Plus now receiving Android 7.0 Nougat update in India Snapdeal to deliver Reliance Jio SIM to your doorstep Moto X Play out of stock, may never return to sale again Moto Z starts receiving Nougat update in India Home > Technology > Deus Ex Mankind Divided review: Solid gameplay makes it worth playing Rohith Bhaskar   |   @Bhaskar_rohith Last Updated: AUG 26, 2016 New Delhi Email Author Deus Ex: Mankind Divided is a sequel to Deus Ex: Human Revolution, which in turn was a prequel to the original Deus Ex. Now, confusing as that might be, there is only one question that is important. Is it any good? StoryThe original Deus Ex was a cyberpunk RPG, which was done completely in first person. So far so good. Do you know what goes well with cyberpunk? Conspiracy theories of course! So, the original had a story that was set in a cyberpunk rendition of the modern world and filled it to the brim with an interesting take on the "Illuminati" theory, which unfortunately got completely ridiculous by the end (Think Area 51, Grey Aliens, Mad AI and all). Deus Ex: Invisible War, the sequel, completely flushed the story aspect down the drain with a convoluted, hare-brained plot that was as original as a lame Scooby Doo villain. Human Revolution fixed the story somewhat by smartly setting it before the events of the original Deus Ex, thus giving us a peek at the world before JC Denton. It didn't hurt that the Adam Jensen's tale of revenge and redemption was actually interesting and the ending left you with a real moral choice, even if the story did feel rushed in the second half (some of the story was filled in with the missing link DLC). It was still a pretty solid storyline with some neat twists (even if, you will see them coming a mile away) and a somewhat satisfying conclusion. Now, Mankind Divided picks up after the events of Human Revolution. In the future where nearly half the population is experimenting with mechanical augmentations, something goes very wrong and every "augmented" human suddenly and violently attacks "un-augmented" poor souls. While "The Incident" is eventually stopped, the aftermath sees a divide emerge in society where "Augs (a slang for augmented humans)" are looked down upon or completely banished to secluded areas. Overall, Mankind Divided plays out like The Two Towers but concludes like The Matrix: Reloaded, only without the insulting "To Be Continued" at the end The marketing for this game pushed this aspect heavily, copping a lot of flak for its overt hints towards racism. It's disappointing then that the actual game handles this aspect with as much subtlety as a sledgehammer to the face. There are areas that have been demarcated for Augs and park benches have "Humans Only" signage on them. Some people will walk straight up to you - or rather the character you play -- and call you "Clank" and other slangs. The problem is that none of it is effective. It feels like Bioshock: Infinite's ambiguous 5-minute guide to racism, only stretched to nearly half the game here. It wears out its welcome quickly and gets annoying after a certain point. Thankfully, the main story here is actually pretty good with some excellent moments that are genuinely engrossing, well up until the finale anyway! You see, the game just kind of shrugs and ends abruptly. It's not Halo 2 "finish the fight" kind of messed up ending but it's just eventual sequel and DLC bait. The fact that this happens just when the story is ramping up for an epic conclusion is very disappointing. It feels like the game just pulls the rug from under your feet and goes eh? There is one more story mission, which is available to people who pre-ordered the game or bought the season pass called "Desperate Measures" which is part of the Jensen's Story DLC (it will include two more missions, which will come out some time after launch). Overall, Mankind Divided plays out like The Two Towers but concludes like The Matrix: Reloaded, only without the insulting "To Be Continued" at the end. Graphics and gameplayThe Graphics are definitely a huge step up from Human Revolution. The characters are modelled better, the environments are packed with insane detail and while the characters still suffer from the robotic body gestures from the original game, it's present in very small doses. Also gone is Human Revolution's corny gold filter (this was toned down in the director's cut), and in its place are actual colours other than smatterings of brown, grey and gold. The opening level which makes you explore an abandoned hotel in Dubai is one of the most memorable visual levels ever put in a game. The rest of the game just uses that as a blueprint and builds on it. Every new environment is visually interesting and appealing. Mankind Divided manages to constantly change things up in the visual department, giving you something interesting to look at almost all the time. The Gameplay feels like "more of the same", except in this case, it's actually good. There are a ton of augments and powers to play around with and the open level design of the series accommodates a number of possible routes and solutions to a problem. You can ghost through a level or kill everyone in sight or hack turrets to fight alongside you. Or you can just play a mixture of both stealth and offense. Stealth is greatly encouraged but when it comes down to it, combat doesn't feel bad. It's a very viable option with smooth gunplay and a solid cover system. One thing the game is lacking in is challenge. Playing though the game on the "Give me Deus Ex" is hardly any challenge thanks to the somewhat average enemy AI. You will still die a lot but often due to your own mistakes rather than the AI doing something intelligent. Stealth is greatly encouraged but when it comes down to it, combat doesn't feel bad. It's a very viable option with smooth gunplay and a solid cover system The PC port also has some optimisation issues. A combo of a GTX 970 with an Intel core i7 2600 supplemented with 16GB of RAM, which runs Doom (2016) at 120 FPS plus in OpenGL, ran this game at somewhere between 30 to 50 fps on the high setting with the resolution set to 1920 x 1080. Turning down the resolution to 1600 x 900 bought the FPS up to constant 60 to 80 FPS. The game also crashes to the desktop a lot, this mires an otherwise good PC port that gives you a lot of options to play around with settings, including an FOV slider (Hallelujah!). To be fair, Eidos Montreal are aware of the problems and are patching it ASAP (There have already been 2 patches since launch). Besides the main campaign, there is also a new mode called "Breach" in which you infiltrate neural subnets in a TRON like cyberworld. But the actual missions themselves have a very "Metal Gear VR Missions" feel to them. The game also has leader boards for Breach and this serves as a nice little distraction which focuses primarily on the gameplay mechanics. Should you buy it?Deus Ex: Mankind Divided is a solid entry in the series and barring its lacklustre ending, is everything we could have asked for, from a sequel to Human Revolution. It is totally worth playing! Mankind Divided is available on PC via Steam for Rs 999 and is Rs 3,499 for the PS4 and Xbox One.  Also Read: Overwatch review: A game with fun & frantic multiplayer mode Deus Ex Mankind Divided review 8.5/10 Good stuff Fantastic visual design Solid gameplay mechanics Interesting storyline Bad stuff Story ending is loose PC port issues Average enemy AI For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Legion hackers: Who are they and how they are hacking Indian Twitter celebrities Android malware Gooligan affects over 1 million Google accounts iPhone 8: Everything you need to know about anniversary-special Apple phone OnePlus 3T review: Best phone in India right now Reviews Lenovo K6 Note review: Another Note in the wall Coolpad Note 3S Review: Looks good, runs fine LG V20 Review: Android Nougat supercharged Moto Z Play review: Die another day Asus ZenFone 3 Ultra review: The Director's Cut of smartphones VIDEOS Coolpad Cool 1 First Look 5 things you should know before ordering cash through Snapdeal Asus ZenFone 3 Ultra review more Tech Tips Tips to take stunning photos using smartphone Here are 4 tips to use Paytm safely Yahoo hack: Lessons to learn from biggest data breach ever Twitter security for dummies: How to keep your account safe How to use Paytm and other e-wallets? It's easy, very easy more Talking Points Javed AnwerDear Indians, have mercy on others and STOP using Truecaller Javed AnwerFlipkart's OnePlus 3 sale screwed Amazon India even if it wasn't nice Javed AnwerJio promised moon, now it is offering consumers FUP and booster packs Priya PathakWhatsApp needed password protection, instead it got 2-step verification Javed AnwerFrom Jio to demonetisation, Digital India keeps failing more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.

  Guru3D.com Forums > General Chat > Frontpage news Intel to Offer Affordable 600p NVMe SSDs User Name Remember Me? Password Frontpage news Perhaps you have some news to report or want to check out the latest Guru3D headlines and comment ? Check it in here.   Thread Tools Display Modes Intel to Offer Affordable 600p NVMe SSDs   (#1) Hilbert Hagedoorn Don Vito Corleone     Videocard: AMD | NVIDIA Processor: Core i7 5960K Mainboard: X99 Memory: 16GB Soundcard: X-Fi - GigaWorks 7.1 PSU: 1200 Watt Intel to Offer Affordable 600p NVMe SSDs - 08-26-2016, 12:33 | posts: 27,196 | Location: Guru3D testlab Granted, you do need a compatible motherboard, but NVMe SSDs are as far as I am concerned incredibly intersting if you want enthusiast grade SSD performance. Up-to this moment a little bit pricy. Inte... Intel to Offer Affordable 600p NVMe SSDs     Hilbert Hagedoorn View Public Profile Find all posts by Hilbert Hagedoorn     (#2) Koniakki Maha Guru     Videocard: Palit GTX 1080 GameRock Processor: Intel i7 6700k@4.7G's Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus 8 Hero Memory: GSkill TRDZ 3733CL15 32GB Soundcard: MB SPDIF-OUT PSU: CORSAIR RMx 750W GOLD 08-26-2016, 13:58 | posts: 2,095 | Location: Inside My Thoughts.. That's some serious value there! Almost half price of other equivalent capacity NVME SSD's. The write could been a bit better but oh well. I would love that 1TB version. Hell, I would gladly taken that 512GB Intel 600p NVME SSD over my 256GB 950 PRO anytime! Last edited by Koniakki; 08-26-2016 at 14:02.     Koniakki View Public Profile Find all posts by Koniakki   (#3) Kaarme Master Guru     Videocard: Sapphire 390 Processor: i5 6600K Mainboard: Asus Z170 Pro Gaming Memory: HyperX DDR4 16GB Soundcard: Lead Audio LA-100 DAC PSU: EVGA G2 750W 08-26-2016, 14:41 | posts: 429 | Location: Finland As great as it is to get some competition in the market that only had Samsung devices, it's equally weird to see Intel products with reasonable prices.     Kaarme View Public Profile Find all posts by Kaarme   (#4) lucidus Ancient Guru     Videocard: MSI Gaming X GTX 1070 Processor: i7 6700K Mainboard: Asus Maximus 8 Hero Memory: Corsair Vengeance 32GB Soundcard: Onboard + H/K Soundsticks PSU: 850W EVGA Supernova 08-26-2016, 14:52 | posts: 9,255 | Location: Dobuy Nice read speeds!     lucidus View Public Profile Find all posts by lucidus     (#5) schmidtbag Maha Guru     Videocard: HIS R9 290 Processor: AMD FX-6300 @ 4.5GHz Mainboard: GA-890FXA-UD5 Rev 2.0 Memory: 8GB DDR3 Soundcard: Realtek ALC889 PSU: Apevia 700W 08-26-2016, 15:19 | posts: 1,119 | Location: MA, USA At first I was like "I'm not sure I trust Intel's definition of affordable" but these are actually very good values.     schmidtbag View Public Profile Find all posts by schmidtbag   (#6) vbetts Don Vincenzo     Videocard: Nvidia Titan X Processor: Intel Core i7 5820K Mainboard: Gigabyte GA-X99-UDP3 Memory: Corsair 16GB DDR4 2666 Soundcard: onboard PSU: Corsair RM750 08-26-2016, 15:32 | posts: 12,608 | Location: Toledo Ohio I would throw one of these in my XPS in a heart beat!     vbetts View Public Profile Find all posts by vbetts   (#7) Fender178 Ancient Guru   Videocard: GTX 1070 FTW +105c/+105m Processor: i7 4790k @ 4.4ghz Mainboard: Asus Z97 Pro Memory: Gskill Ares 32Gb 2133 Soundcard: Onboard PSU: Corsair AX 860W 08-26-2016, 16:04 | posts: 3,004 | Location: Pennsylvania Hmm very good pricing for Intel based ssds considering those ssds cost an arm and a leg. I have yet to purchase an M2 SATA drive for my PC. I may get one and clone my boot drive on to it and use the m2 as the boot drive for the speed.     Fender178 View Public Profile Find all posts by Fender178   (#8) kosh_neranek Master Guru     Videocard: Palit GTX 1070@2101 Boost Processor: Intel Core i7-3930K @ 4.8 Mainboard: ASUS P9X79 Deluxe Memory: 16 GB 2133MHZ G.Skill Soundcard: Xonar Essence STX II PSU: Corsair HX850 08-26-2016, 18:54 | posts: 328 | Location: Dublin WOW, hats off Intel, that was unexpected. Been a long time since somebody used the terms Intel and affordable in a sentence Really interesting product. Don't even want to think about the purchase of 2 Samsung 850 EVOs that I made two months ago...     kosh_neranek View Public Profile Find all posts by kosh_neranek   (#9) Pictus Newbie     Videocard: R9 280x 3GB Processor: i5-750 Mainboard: Gigabyte P55a-UD3 Memory: 16 GB Soundcard: PSU: Corsair 750 08-27-2016, 00:04 | posts: 44 But they all have low endurance of 72 TBW even the 1TB model. For the 128 GB is understandable, but the same for a 1 TB model, that is bad...     Pictus View Public Profile Find all posts by Pictus   (#10) Koniakki Maha Guru     Videocard: Palit GTX 1080 GameRock Processor: Intel i7 6700k@4.7G's Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus 8 Hero Memory: GSkill TRDZ 3733CL15 32GB Soundcard: MB SPDIF-OUT PSU: CORSAIR RMx 750W GOLD 08-27-2016, 01:01 | posts: 2,095 | Location: Inside My Thoughts.. Quote: Originally Posted by Pictus But they all have low endurance of 72 TBW even the 1TB model. For the 128 GB is understandable, but the same for a 1 TB model, that is bad... I was thinking of posting that there must be a catch to those prices. lol Thanks for pointing it out.     Koniakki View Public Profile Find all posts by Koniakki   (#11) PrMinisterGR Ancient Guru     Videocard: Sapphire 7970 Quadrobake Processor: Core i7 2600k@4.5GHz Mainboard: Sapphire Pure Black P67 Memory: Corsair Vengeance 16GB Soundcard: ASUS Xonar D2X PSU: EVGA SuperNova 750 G2 08-27-2016, 01:38 | posts: 5,484 Quote: Originally Posted by Pictus But they all have low endurance of 72 TBW even the 1TB model. For the 128 GB is understandable, but the same for a 1 TB model, that is bad... That's a good catch. They also have full capacity, which means that there is not secret space (like 120GB/240GB SSDs have), where you get more write redundancy.     PrMinisterGR View Public Profile Find all posts by PrMinisterGR   (#12) sykozis Ancient Guru     Videocard: XFX RX 470 Processor: Core i5 6600K Mainboard: MSI Z170A Gaming Pro Memory: Corsair DDR4-2666 Soundcard: Creative SB-Z PSU: Corsair CX750M 08-27-2016, 05:39 | posts: 19,702 | Location: US East Coast The write speeds aren't impressive at all....     sykozis View Public Profile Find all posts by sykozis   (#13) sverek Maha Guru     Videocard: MSI GTX970 4G Processor: i5 2500k Mainboard: P8Z68-V Memory: Corsair Ven. 8GB Soundcard: XonarDG+HD595 PSU: Corsair HX850 08-27-2016, 07:55 | posts: 2,275 | Location: Chiba, Japan Quote: Originally Posted by sykozis The write speeds aren't impressive at all.... Good luck capping them I would love to have one for system. RIP welcome screen.     sverek View Public Profile Find all posts by sverek   (#14) fry178 Master Guru     Videocard: Zotac 1070 AMP Processor: i7-3770K@4GHz Mainboard: Asus ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: DDR3-2133/16GB Soundcard: XonarDSX/Sennheiser HD580 PSU: Seasonic Platinum 760w 08-27-2016, 08:57 | posts: 320 | Location: Maryland @Pictus most long term use will see chips failing first, because of age, not write cycles. even for cheap consumer ssds...     fry178 View Public Profile Find all posts by fry178   (#15) djmcave Newbie   Videocard: AMD 7950 Processor: 2600k Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: Corsair 750 HX 08-27-2016, 10:05 | posts: 2 Wait... That 100 mw while active is writing and reading ? if so that's a huge step forward. That compares to 3W to 5W or more of other drives.     djmcave View Public Profile Find all posts by djmcave   (#16) Netherwind Ancient Guru     Videocard: ASUS 1080 2114/11016MHz Processor: Intel i7 6700K 4500MHz Mainboard: MSI Z170 M5 Memory: Corsair 16GB Ven. 2666MHz Soundcard: ALC1150 & Creative T20 PSU: EVGA Supernova G2 850W 08-27-2016, 10:46 | posts: 4,335 | Location: Sweden Wonder how hot these get. Seen other M2s get over 110 degrees warm.     Netherwind View Public Profile Find all posts by Netherwind   (#17) thatguy91 Ancient Guru   Videocard: XFX RX 480 RS 4 GB Processor: i5-3570K Mainboard: Asrock Z77 Extreme6 Memory: DDR3-2400 2x8GB Soundcard: ALC898 + Microlab FC-730 PSU: Enermax Platimax 750W 08-27-2016, 11:20 | posts: 6,034 | Location: Australia Quote: Originally Posted by djmcave Wait... That 100 mw while active is writing and reading ? if so that's a huge step forward. That compares to 3W to 5W or more of other drives. Yeah that seems a bit off to me. If true, it would mean if you have a miserly 50W to spare on your power supply you could hypothetically run 500 1 TB drives active as in reading and writing simultaenously and still be okay.     thatguy91 View Public Profile Find all posts by thatguy91   (#18) Koniakki Maha Guru     Videocard: Palit GTX 1080 GameRock Processor: Intel i7 6700k@4.7G's Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus 8 Hero Memory: GSkill TRDZ 3733CL15 32GB Soundcard: MB SPDIF-OUT PSU: CORSAIR RMx 750W GOLD 08-27-2016, 11:35 | posts: 2,095 | Location: Inside My Thoughts.. Quote: Originally Posted by fry178 @Pictus most long term use will see chips failing first, because of age, not write cycles. even for cheap consumer ssds... True. My Sammy 950 is about 6-7 months old and used as my main drive and I have written just 3.07TB so far. I haven't of course been doing anything taxing so I assume others should be higher but still that's like 10-12 years for that 72TBW based on my usage. So for "normal" use that Intel's TBW seems good enough. Still a catch tho compared to the other drivers but not a bad one.     Koniakki View Public Profile Find all posts by Koniakki Is it possible to do RAID 0 with 2 x 600p NVMe SSDs   (#19) dfsdfs1112 Newbie   Videocard: 480 Processor: AMD Phenom Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: good Is it possible to do RAID 0 with 2 x 600p NVMe SSDs - 08-27-2016, 14:21 | posts: 6 Is it possible to do RAID 0 with 2 x 600p NVMe SSDs     dfsdfs1112 View Public Profile Find all posts by dfsdfs1112   (#20) Anarion Ancient Guru     Videocard: EVGA GeForce GTX 1070 ACX Processor: Intel Core i7 3770K Mainboard: ASUS P8Z77-V Memory: G.SKILL RipjawsX 16 GB Soundcard: Sound Blaster Zx + HD 595 PSU: Corsair AX760 08-27-2016, 14:31 | posts: 12,666 | Location: Finland Quote: Originally Posted by Koniakki True. My Sammy 950 is about 6-7 months old and used as my main drive and I have written just 3.07TB so far. I haven't of course been doing anything taxing so I assume others should be higher but still that's like 10-12 years for that 72TBW based on my usage. So for "normal" use that Intel's TBW seems good enough. Still a catch tho compared to the other drivers but not a bad one. 72TWB is just fine and should last easily till it's obsolete. My Samsung 830 has over 11TB host writes and it's still doing just fine.     Anarion View Public Profile Find all posts by Anarion   (#21) slyphnier Master Guru   Videocard: MSI GTX1080 Processor: intel i7-950 Mainboard: Gigabyte GA-X58-UD7 rev.2 Memory: Corsair CMPC7 6G Soundcard: Asus Xonar D2X + Logitech PSU: Corsair HX750i 08-27-2016, 14:34 | posts: 253 Quote: Originally Posted by Pictus But they all have low endurance of 72 TBW even the 1TB model. For the 128 GB is understandable, but the same for a 1 TB model, that is bad... from where you get those rated endurance ? if the endurance that low, it seems they using their lowest grade chip the good things they still provide 5years warranty for it... not sure if affordable = value... intel product has been always expensive = high quality/reliability which turn to better value in long term but this one, its more like micron typical product     slyphnier View Public Profile Find all posts by slyphnier   (#22) sykozis Ancient Guru     Videocard: XFX RX 470 Processor: Core i5 6600K Mainboard: MSI Z170A Gaming Pro Memory: Corsair DDR4-2666 Soundcard: Creative SB-Z PSU: Corsair CX750M 08-28-2016, 00:01 | posts: 19,702 | Location: US East Coast Quote: Originally Posted by slyphnier from where you get those rated endurance ? if the endurance that low, it seems they using their lowest grade chip the good things they still provide 5years warranty for it... not sure if affordable = value... intel product has been always expensive = high quality/reliability which turn to better value in long term but this one, its more like micron typical product 72TBW isn't bad at all for a consumer grade product. The drive will be obsolete long before it fails due to write cycles. I'd venture to say the average consumer is writing less than 5TB per year.....giving this drive a 14.4 year life span. How many people keep a drive that long? Most of us don't keep a harddrive longer than 5 years. There's a higher risk of circuit failure than there is NAND failure during it's usable life span.     sykozis View Public Profile Find all posts by sykozis   (#23) Pictus Newbie     Videocard: R9 280x 3GB Processor: i5-750 Mainboard: Gigabyte P55a-UD3 Memory: 16 GB Soundcard: PSU: Corsair 750 08-28-2016, 00:09 | posts: 44 Quote: Originally Posted by slyphnier from where you get those rated endurance ? From Intel... http://ark.intel.com/products/94926/...3_0-x4-3D1-TLC Intel® 600p 1 TB Endurance Rating (Lifetime Writes) 72 TBW Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF)1.6 million hours Warranty Period 5 yrs http://www.intel.com/content/dam/www...d-750-spec.pdf Intel® 750 Series Endurance Rating (Lifetime Writes) 127 TBW Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF)1.2 million hours Warranty Period 5 yrs http://www.samsung.com/semiconductor...er/950pro.html Samsung 950 Pro 256GB 200 TBW Samsung 950 Pro 512GB 400 TBW Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) 1.5 million hours Warranty Period 5 yrs https://ocz.com/us/ssd/rd400-ssd OCZ RD400 128GB 74 TBW OCZ RD400 256GB 148 TBW OCZ RD400 512GB 296 TBW OCZ RD400 1TB 592 TBW Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) 1.5 million hours Warranty Period 5 yrs http://hkftp.zotac.com/External/SSD/...G3-480G-GE.pdf ZOTAC SONIX PCIE 480GB 698 TBW Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) 2 million hours Warranty Period 3 yrs http://www.kingston.com/datasheets/SHPM2280P2_en.pdf Kingston Predator 240GB 415 TBW Kingston Predator 480GB 882 TBW Kingston Predator 960GB 1600 TBW Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) 1 million hours Warranty Period 3 yrs     Pictus View Public Profile Find all posts by Pictus   (#24) Buck Newbie   Videocard: x Processor: x Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: x 08-28-2016, 21:33 | posts: 2 You can't just post the numbers and compare. You have to think. I have an Intel X25-M 160GB drive that I bought new in 2009 for $550 and it's seen daily use. I'd call it average use, no video or photo editing. I have 18.3TB lifetime host writes on the drive. 72TB is more than enough for the average Joe Shmoe on this site that plays games and browses the internet. It would only be a concern if your job entails video/photo/3D editing. Speeds are good too, removing the SATA bottleneck is big. Writing that 1TB drive 72 times over to completion just won't happen, it will probably die first and I'd be surprised if its lifespan is as long as this X25-M. This drive is a no brainer for everyone except heavy content creators who do it for their day job. Last edited by Buck; 08-28-2016 at 21:50.     Buck View Public Profile Find all posts by Buck   (#25) Chaython Newbie   Videocard: AMD/7970/3GB Processor: I72600k Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: OCZ 1KW Gold 08-29-2016, 07:58 | posts: 26 how about black pcb     Chaython View Public Profile Find all posts by Chaython « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top

null
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Tuesday, January 3, 2017 10:56 (GMT+8) Taipei 24°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: packaging and testing Tokyo Electron IC manufacturing IC design, distribution Memory chips Passive, PCB, other IC components DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Latest Digitimes news Chunghwa Telecom appoints new president EPA passes environmental impact assessment for TSMC 10nm facilities 150 million flexible AMOLED panels to be shipped globally in 2017 Foxconn boosting automated production in China NCC releases draft Telecommunication Regulation Act, Digital Communications Act Global market shares for In-Cell, On-Cell touch solutions to rise in 2017, says WitsView Inventec to expand AirPod production capacity, says paper PWM IC vendor Leadtrend sees sales growth Microsoft new Surface Pro set for 1Q17 launch; to boost Pegatron performance, says paper China market: Component order visibility weak from some smartphone vendors for 1Q17 SPIL orders equipment for NT$1.19 billion Foxconn increases stake in Sakai Display Products Gigabyte to showcase full series of Aorus gaming products at CES 2017 Samsung Display to supply AMOLED panels for new iPhone in 2017, say Taiwan makers China sets 2017 PV feed-in tariffs China to lower terrestrial wind power feed-in tariffs for 2018 Gintech to supply 30MWp PV modules to CSC Getac expects ruggedized industrial PCs, auto components to drive growth in 2017 revenues, says chairman MLS hopes Germany will green-light Ledvance acquisition MediaTek 1Q17 revenues likely to drop 10% TSMC spends NT$26 billion on equipment Qualcomm, Meizu sign 3G/4G global patent license agreement Huawei Technologies relocates data center in China Tatung System Technologies changes executives Foxconn/Sharp likely to ramp up stake in lens module maker Kantatsu, says report Market summary 3-Jan-2017 09:45 (GMT+8)   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 9250.87 -2.63 -0.03%  TSE electronic 370.17 +0.53 +0.14%  GTSM (OTC) 125.41 +0.23 +0.18%  OTC electronic 169.55 +0.49 +0.29%  View more Around the web Qualcomm: Chinese mobile market powers on in Nov, say analysts (Dec 20) - Barron's Samsung, SK hynix spur NAND flash investment on strong demand (Dec 27) - Korea Herald Japan's Taiwanese tech savior (Dec 27) - Bloomberg New Snapdragon 835 benchmark results show up, fail to impress (Dec 28) - PhoneArena Intel strives to 'change the tide' on Nvidia-TSMC duo in AI (Dec 28) - Nikkei Electronics Asia Samsung expected to chalk up almost KRW9 trillion in 4Q profit (Dec 26) - The Korea Times South Korea pension fund head arrested in scandal probe (Dec 28) - BBC News Qualcomm fined $853 million by South Korean antitrust agency (Dec 28) - Bloomberg Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data China smartphone AP shipment 4Q forecast China smartphone AP shipments - 2Q 2016 China smartphone AP shipments – 1Q 2016 More reports Digitimes Research: Taiwan top foundries to enjoy particularly strong 4Q16 Digitimes Research: China mobile AP shipments to rise 11.6% in 4Q16 Digitimes Research: Taiwan top-3 foundries see combined revenues rise in 3Q16 Digitimes Research: Global IC foundry output value to rise at 5% CAGR over 2016-2021 More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin Toshio Maruyama of Advantest receives SEMI Marketing Excellence Award Prize-winning: Raiden series triumphs in Taiwan Excellence Awards 2017 Conexant working with Amazon to create AudioSmart 2-mic development kit for Amazon Alexa CEVA creates new value by enhancing IoT and machine learning applications DSP applications focus on IoT and computer vision to stimulate new industrial growth More releases Embracing the New Generation Intel Atom Family with DDR3 Memory Support Got The Message? Ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of content across a mission critical digital signage network Emb' Store On-Demand Software Service for Embedded Computing Efficient Network Management for Digital Signage Design Benefits of the MI/O Extension Solution More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Samsung 14nm chips for wearablesPhoto: Company, Oct 18. Samsung 14nm Exynos chipsPhoto: Company, Aug 31. Silego SLG46533V GreenPAK 5Photo: Company, Jul 26. Samsung 256GB UFS cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Samsung PM971-NVMePhoto: Company, Jun 2. Winbond SpiStack memoriesPhoto: Company, Mar 30. Samsung 12-megapixel image sensorPhoto: Company, Mar 22. Samsung PM1633a SSDPhoto: Company, Mar 14. Silego SLG46531V GPAK 5Photo: Company, Jan 13. Samsung Bio-ProcessorPhoto: Company, Jan 5. Samsung PRO Plus 128GB microSD cardsPhoto: Company, Dec 23. Samsung 128GB TSV DDR4 RDIMMPhoto: Company, Dec 9. Page 2 Hot Systems Mentor Graphics Veloce VirtuaLAB adds protocols for networking designs Mouser Electronics undergoing expansion Digitimes Research: Shrinking tablet market prompts China touch panel supply chain to look for growth elsewhere Digitimes Research: Tsinghua Unigroup acquisition of Micron faces difficulties, but is a must for China for further development Digitimes Research: Qualcomm to push inexpensive mobile device market with Microsoft and Allwinner solutions More Page 2 MWC 2015: Intel launches new mobile SoCs, LTE solution Samsung intros 128GB UFS storage for smartphones Qualcomm announces highest-end Snapdragon 810 and 808 processors Micron launches 45nm serial NOR flash for embedded apps Intel launches Pro 1500 series SSD for enterprise More Hot Systems Topics The 10nm competition TSMC and Samsung have been competing for clients for the 10nm node. Japan earthquake Earthquakes in Japan often cause huge damage. They have had strong impacts on the country's electronics industry. China: Big plans for homegrown chips A CNY120 billion (US$19 billion) national industry investment fund has been set up to help local foundries finance the build-up of advanced manufacturing... ASE seeking to take up major stake in SPIL Advanced Semiconductor Engineering (ASE) is seeking to acquire an up to 25% stake in fellow packaging house Siliconware Precision Industries (SPIL). Frankly speaking Industry intros Era of Silicon 4.0: TSIA chairman talks about virtual Moore's Law With 2015 being the 50th anniversary of Moore's Law, one of the hottest topics that has continued to... 7nm process is essential for semi industry: Q&A with Globalfoundries CTO Gary Patton Gary Patton, a 30-year veteran in the semiconductor industry, joined Globalfoundries as CTO in July... Industry integration, 5G and IoT applications: Q&A with Qualcomm president Derek Aberle Qualcomm president Derek Aberle spared his time with Digitimes for an exclusive interview... Powering the cloud: Intel embraces new identity The next wave of computing is now beginning to define the IT industry, where the boundaries of computing... More interviews Taiwan DRAM module industry overview - Jun 2011 The year 2010 represented a peak in recent years for the DRAM module industry. Optimism surfaced in the second half of 2009 thanks to a return of demand on the... Taiwan DRAM-module industry overview - May 2010 Back to 2006 when total revenues for the third-party module market reached US$12.2 billion, Taiwan had over 15 vendors shipping DRAM modules under their own brand... Taiwan semiconductor equipment industry overview - Aug 2008 Worries about a global economic downturn have taken a toll on a number of industries, with the semiconductor industry being no exception. Players in the semiconductor... Foundry overview - Sep 2006 Taiwan's semiconductor industry has begun to out-run its global peers, once more, in 2006. This followed a trough in 2004, caused by over-inventory, plus volatility... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD 4Q16 Taiwan semiconductor equipment DRAM 2017 1Q17 revenues equipment China NAND flash 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Future Market Insights Tweet   Embedded System Market Volume Forecast and Value Chain Analysis 2016-2026 Future Market Insights has announced the addition of the Embedded System Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2016-2026 report to their offering.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, August 26, 2016 ) An embedded system consists of embedded software into computer-hardware that makes the system devoted for an application or specific portion of an application or part of a larger system. An embedded system is not a microchip deployed in a traditional computing application, but a microprocessor used as a module in another piece of technology. These systems are used to control, assist or monitor the operation of machinery, equipment or plant. The term embedded reflects the fact that they are an integral part of the system, and they offer significant characteristics such as speed, accuracy, size, reliability and adaptability. Automation in processing & manufacturing sectors, and energy metering is seen as a major propeller for embedded system industry growth. Embedded System Market: Segmentation Embedded system market is segmented on the basis of type, microcontroller performance, functionality, end-use industry and region. By type, Embedded System Market can be segmented into embedded hardware and embedded software. Embedded system market can be segmented according to microcontroller performance which includes small scale embedded system, medium scale embedded system and large scale embedded system. On the basis of functionality, embedded system market can be segmented into stand-alone embedded system, real time embedded system, mobile embedded system and networked embedded system. Regionally, embedded system market can be segmented into North America, Western Europe, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Middle East & Africa (MEA), Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ) and Japan. Request Free Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1510 Embedded System Market: Regional Outlook Embedded systems came into existence with the invention of microcontrollers and since then it is being actively used in machine control applications as well as various new verticals. These systems are now equipped with customizable rich features and are thus gaining popularity globally. North America is estimated to be the leading contributor to the regional market share with large deployments of smart meters and smart grids positively impacting the market. Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ) is anticipated to show highest growth potential in the forecast period. Embedded System Market: Drivers The global embedded system market is primarily driven by factors such as increasing demand for embedded systems with multi-core technologies and embedded graphics and escalating demand for embedded systems in the automobile industry. Moreover, persistent research & development to introduce smarter and energy efficient electronic devices is expected to positively impact the growth of global embedded systems market. Also, widespread application of these systems in application areas such as automotive, aeronautics, space, rail, mobile communication, and electronic payment solutions is set to bolster the growth of the global embedded system market during the forecast period. However, security and smaller lifespan concerns associated with usage of embedded systems in various process-related applications is restraining the growth of this market. Also, design constraints pertaining to real time embedded system are also hindering the progression of embedded system market. Visit For TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1510 Embedded System Market: Key Players The key vendors in the embedded system market include Atmel Corporation, Intel Corporation, Texas Instruments, Freescale Semiconductor, Infineon Technologies, NXP Semiconductors N.V., Microsoft Corporation, Samsung Electronics Corporation, Renesas Electronics Corporation, and others. Major players in the embedded system market have invested significantly in developing systems that offer latest technology-based advanced functionality. To expand market presence across the globe, strategic partnership and collaborations with regional vendors is major strategy adopted by the leading vendors of the embedded system market. Contact Information: Future Market Insights Abhishek Budholiya Tel: 2076928790 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Future Market Insights Tweet   Travel Bags Market with Current Trends Analysis, 2016-2026 Future Market Insights has announced the addition of the Travel Bags Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2016-2026" report to their offering.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, August 26, 2016 ) With the global travel and tourism industry providing a strong impetus to allied sectors, the travel bag segment will continue to account for the largest revenue share in the global luggage market. According to FMIs recent research, the market will experience sustained growth throughout the forecast period 2016-2026. U.S., Middle East, and APAC will exhibit the highest growing potential during the forecast period. While U.S. will remain key market in terms of global sales, China will remain a formidable region in APAC. The 2007-08 financial recession had impacted the world tourism industry for a long haul, which also held a negative aftermath on the luggage market. However, following the resurgence of the global economy, the travel and tourism industry has recovered and the demand for travel bags is also witnessing steady growth. Key Drivers for Market Growth The growing globalisation trend has led most of the emerging economies to witness a sprint in sales of consumer products sector, and sales of travel bags and accessories have also witnessed an uptick. Increase in the number of road and rail travelers, along with increasing frequency of flyers is also positively impacting the global travel bags market. Robust international travel and immigration, advancement in product design, quality, and functionality, and rising affluence of middle class population in developing nations are other key factors driving the growth of the market. Most of the airlines have luggage weight regulations enforcement, which prompts at the growing demand for lightweight carry-on travel bags. Owing to increasing number of consumers choosing flight over road or rail journey, manufacturers are concentrating more on production of lightweight and ultra-lightweight travel luggage with hard side material. Request Free Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1586 Possible Restraints Leading industry brands continue to maintain a strong hold in established market. However, developing regional markets include a wide range of domestic brands, which contribute a sizeable share to the total market revenues. However, counterfeits have been a major challenge to the global travel luggage market. Although these counterfeit products are of low quality, a specific consumer base tends to buy products owing to their inexpensive prices compared to authenticated brand products. Travel Bags Market: Segmentation FMIs research report on the global travel bags market offers a 10-year forecast, segmenting the market on the basis of material, type, distribution channel, and price. On the basis of the material used in manufacturing travel bags, the market is segmented into, Soft side Hard side Hybrid According to the type of bag, the market is segmented as Backpacks Suitcases or trolley bags Duffle bags Segmentation based on distribution channel includes Factory outlets Traditional stores Supermarkets Hypermarkets Modern stores Specialty stores Discounted stores Online stores Others By price, the travel bags market is segmented into Premium Medium Low (generally highly fragmented local brands) Key Market Trends Consumers are frequently travelling for business, trade, and leisure. Evolving fashion trends will continue to dominate the market during the forecast period. While backpacks remain popular among casual travelers, duffle bags, spinners, and carry-ons will continue to gain traction among business and leisure travelers. With a burgeoning trend of carrying compact and lightweight luggage, manufacturers are investing more in the production of innovative, high quality, ultra-lightweight bags made from leather and microfibre material. 3600 spinner bags are also believed to observe strong sales. Visit For TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1586 While high-end designer bags are trending in the U.S. market, convertible and foldable travel bags are estimated to grasp more market on a global level, including developing nations. Innovative luggage designs, being an influential trend in market, has already been reported to trigger the manufacturing of smart bags equipped with size adjustment flexibility and in-built GPS. This trend is expected to gain prominence over the forecast period 2016-2026. Moreover, demand for sophisticated travel bags effectively designed for reduced neck, back, or shoulder pain are also anticipated to gain an uptick during the forecast period. Key Players in Market The key players in the global travel bags market include Samsonite Company Stores, United States Luggage Company (LLC), Ace Co. Ltd., Targus Group International Inc., Rimova, Delsey SA, Crown, VIP Industries Ltd., Shanghai Fochier Intel Co. Ltd., Tumi, Travelpro International Inc., Antler, and New Travel Sports Co. Ltd., Eagle Creek, and Everest. While United States Luggage Company (LLC) has been in the luxury luggage market with the brand name Briggs & Riley Travelware, 24-7 International has a broad brand portfolio, including Andiamo, Pathfinder, Lucas, Ciao, and more. Samsonites acquisitions with Gregory Mountain Products and Liapult in 2014 have been impactful for the market. The company will continue to acquire multiple local brands in near future. Moreover, the launch of Lily Bloom designer luggage collection by 24-7 International has been a promising market driver in the U.S. Contact Information: Future Market Insights Abhishek Budholiya Tel: 2076928790 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
