Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Baytex Energy Corp (BTE) Receives $7.59 Average Target Price from Analysts Arconic Inc (ARNC) Stock Price Up 5.9% Following Insider Buying Activity Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Owens Corning Inc Lifted by Analyst (OC) Eaton Vance Michigan Municipal Bond Fund (MIW) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.05 Motorpoint Group PLC (MOTR) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Fortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC (FTAI) Receives $15.83 Average Price Target from Analysts Brokers Offer Predictions for Merck & Company, Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (MRK) Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) – Stock analysts at Jefferies Group raised their FY2018 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Merck & Company in a report issued on Thursday. Jefferies Group analyst J. Holford now anticipates that the brokerage will post earnings of $4.01 per share for the year, up from their prior forecast of $3.89. Jefferies Group currently has a “Underperform” rating and a $48.00 price objective on the stock. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.89 by $0.00. The business had revenue of $10.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.22 billion. Merck & Company had a net margin of 14.30% and a return on equity of 24.08%. The company’s revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.93 EPS. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Brokers Offer Predictions for Merck & Company, Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (MRK)” was first published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/brokers-offer-predictions-for-merck-company-inc-s-fy2018-earnings-mrk.html. Other equities research analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Vetr downgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $57.17 price target on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, November 17th. Piper Jaffray Companies raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $72.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $70.00 price target (down previously from $72.00) on shares of Merck & Company in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Guggenheim raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the company from $61.63 to $70.00 in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $66.91. Shares of Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) traded down 1.14% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $64.20. 5,204,118 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $60.99 and its 200-day moving average is $61.58. The stock has a market cap of $177.01 billion, a PE ratio of 31.47 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Company has a 12-month low of $48.28 and a 12-month high of $65.46. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were issued a $0.47 dividend. This is a boost from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.89%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, December 13th. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 92.61%. In related news, Director Wendell P. Weeks sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $64.51, for a total value of $322,550.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 5,100 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $329,001. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total transaction of $9,104,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 514,957 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $33,487,653.71. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 241,959 shares of company stock worth $15,625,548 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Brokers Offer Predictions for Merck & Company, Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (MRK)” was first published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/brokers-offer-predictions-for-merck-company-inc-s-fy2018-earnings-mrk.html. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 174,819,694 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,071,362,000 after buying an additional 3,242,254 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 0.7% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 74,363,785 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,284,098,000 after buying an additional 535,407 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 2.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 56,714,385 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,539,544,000 after buying an additional 1,235,395 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 4.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 44,732,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,577,045,000 after buying an additional 1,701,520 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Northern Trust Corp raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 1.1% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 36,237,082 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,261,555,000 after buying an additional 411,890 shares during the last quarter. 73.80% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous GigPeak Inc (GIG) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Next » Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW) Given a $11.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Retirement Planning * Complimentary Lunch * Seminar * More Tags... Industry News * Finance * More Industries... News By Location * Kenilworth   New Jersey   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News February 2017 Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo Su 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 Complimentary Lunch Seminar for *Merck employees     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Retirement Planning * Complimentary Lunch * Seminar Industry: * Finance Location: * Kenilworth - New Jersey - USKENILWORTH, N.J. - Feb. 7, 2017 - PRLog -- Wednesday, March 1st @ 12:00pm Boulevard Five72 Restaurant 572 Boulevard, Kenilworth, NJ 07033. Complimentary lunch will be served. Call 800-900-5687 to make a reservation for you and a guest! Topics Include: * Merck Pension- Are you prepared for the change to the "Chash Balance" calculation? * Hand Raising and Involuntary Separation- Do you understand the steps to a productive transition? * Understanding the Merck 401(k). * Minimizing Risk Through the Diversification od your 401k. * Maximizing opportunity by taking advantage of all plan provisions. * How to mimimize taxes and penalties during the retirement planning process. Visit us on the we at theretirementgroup.com New York • Philadelphia • Washington DC • Boston Houston • San Antonio • Dallas • Chicago • St Louis • San Francisco• Los Angeles Corporate Office: 10675 Sorrento Valley Rd #100, San Diego CA 92121 Securities offered through FSC Securities Corporation, member FINRA/SIPC. Investment advisory service offered through The Retirement Group, LLC a registered investment advisor, FSC Securities Corporation and Merck are unaffiliated compaies. *This complimentary service is neither approved nor endorsed by Merck. Investing involves risk including the potential loss of principal. No investment strategy can guarantee a profit against loss in periods of declining values. Past performance is no guarantee of furure results. Fees are incurred when assets are under management of advisors affiliated with The Retirement Group. Please note that individual situations can vary. Therefore the information presented here should only be relied upon when coordinated with individual professional advice. Accessing retirement funds through 72(t) programs are complicated and are not appropriate for all investors. End Source : The Retirement Group, LLC Email : ***@theretirementgroup.com Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse The Retirement Group, LLC News Complimentary Lunch Workshop for *Kaiser Permanente employees Complimentary Lunch Workshop for *Kaiser Permanente employees The Retirement Group Client Appreciation Dinner Complimentary Lunch Workshop for *Kaiser Permanente employees Complimentary Lunch Workshops for *GlaxoSmithKline employees Trending Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup Falguni Thakkar: Award-Winning Director of Photography (DP) & Digital Colorist Creating Impactful S Ann Zedlitz, MD "Dr. Z" to Appear on NBC's The Doctors Ellsworth Insurance Agency Hires New Employee Summer program lets high school students learn directly from The Concord Review Daily News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Domenico Winery San Carlos, CA hosts 9 wineries for February 12th Valentine's Wine & Chocolate event - 1177 views Certified Professional Coach Clinton Ages Hosts A Three Session Vision Board Summit - 233 views Grassroots group transforms Cattle Ranch into live-in Library & Arts Center - 222 views Howard University Site for 2017 Kick-Off of "I am Psyched" Pop-up Museum National Tour - 208 views Weekly News Top Women Entrepreneurs of Alaska nominees for 2017 announced - 3110 views Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Hanley Investment Group & Coldwell Banker DuFour Realty Arrange Sale of New STNL ULTA Beauty - 1519 views Transformation Day is February 18th - 1172 views Husband and Wife Filmmakers Release Their Romantic Comedy 2 YEARS OF LOVE on Valentine's Day - 1054 views Daily News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Domenico Winery San Carlos, CA hosts 9 wineries for February 12th Valentine's Wine & Chocolate event - 1177 views Certified Professional Coach Clinton Ages Hosts A Three Session Vision Board Summit - 233 views Grassroots group transforms Cattle Ranch into live-in Library & Arts Center - 222 views Howard University Site for 2017 Kick-Off of "I am Psyched" Pop-up Museum National Tour - 208 views Weekly News Top Women Entrepreneurs of Alaska nominees for 2017 announced - 3110 views Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Hanley Investment Group & Coldwell Banker DuFour Realty Arrange Sale of New STNL ULTA Beauty - 1519 views Transformation Day is February 18th - 1172 views Husband and Wife Filmmakers Release Their Romantic Comedy 2 YEARS OF LOVE on Valentine's Day - 1054 views PTC News Take the Chocolate Tour at Lennar's Heritage Active Adult communities - 388 views Next Gen® Family The Esquer's Showcased on CBS LA - 279 views New Homes at Foster Square Released for Sale - 183 views PM&E, Inc. Receives US$ 500,000 Investment in Cash And Appoints an Exclusive Agent for Asia - 180 views Save the Date for Lennar's The Grove Grand Opening Later This Month - 166 views Feb 07, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Clark Golestani Joins Seal Software’s Board of Directors SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Seal Software, the leading provider of contract discovery and analytics, today announced the appointment of Clark Golestani to its board of directors. Golestani has over 30 years of experience in technology and life sciences, and is currently the President of Emerging Businesses and Global CIO at Merck. “Clark’s many years of experience serving on numerous boards and driving technology strategy at Merck will add a valuable perspective to our board of directors,” said Ulf Zetterberg, co-founder and CEO of Seal Software. “We appreciate his commitment to serve as a director and look forward to benefitting from his judgment and counsel.” Golestani is responsible for Merck’s portfolio of services and solutions companies, as well as its global health innovation venture fund – each of which extensively leverages opportunities across the digital health ecosystem. He also leads the company’s information technology strategy and execution worldwide. Golestani has been in senior level strategy and technology roles at Merck for 22 years and most recently served as Executive Vice President and CIO. Previously, Golestani served as the global head of IT for Merck’s R&D division, with IT responsibility for all areas of R&D including basic research, pre-clinical, clinical and regulatory. He has also led the company’s global IT capability supporting finance, HR, procurement, legal, public affairs, site services, real estate, and related shared business services operations. Before joining Merck, Golestani was a principal with Oracle’s consulting organization and a co-founder of Cross Road Technologies, Inc., an IT management, hosting, infrastructure, consulting and professional services company. Additionally, Golestani currently serves on the board of directors for UMUC Ventures, a not-for-profit organization focused on advancing adult education. He also sits on the advisory councils for multiple venture capital organizations based on the east and west coasts. Previously, he served on the board of directors of Liaison Technologies as well as the Intel’s Enterprise Advisory Board, Carnegie Mellon University’s CyLab / Sustainable Computing Consortium Board of Governors and the PhRMA Foundation Informatics Advisory Committee. He holds a degree in management science from MIT’s Sloan School of Management. “I am very excited to be working with Seal Software,” said Mr. Golestani. “There is a tremendous amount of value and data hidden in the increasing number of contracts many businesses have. The opportunities for a company like Seal – with such impressive AI technology and automation – are significant.” About Seal Software Seal Software is the leading provider of contract discovery, data extraction, and analytics. With Seal’s artificial intelligence technologies, companies can find contracts of any file type across their networks, quickly understand what risks or opportunities are hidden in them, and have them managed in a centralized repository. Based near San Francisco, Seal empowers enterprises around the world to maximize revenue opportunities, reduce costs, and mitigate risks associated with contractual documents, systems, and processes. For more information, visit Seal Software at www.seal-software.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Computing, division, Education, Health, intelligence, Legal, Science, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nutanix Names Wendy M. Pfeiffer as CIO Next PostNext Vlocity Wins Industry Awards — Named as CRM Watchlist Winner for the Third Straight Year, Awarded “Product of the Year” by TMC Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home News Green Living Take Action Archive Investigations Multimedia Subscribers Area Calendar Green Directory Reviews Blogs and Comments newsletter Trial Investigations Ecologist Partners This month 30 years ago from the Ecologist archive Interviews Campaigning Galleries Guides 40 years ago NUS The Brofiscin Monsanto Files Satish's Diary Magazine Right of Reply Essays   Home | News | News SEARCH What's lurking in these vaccines? Photo: Carlos Reusser Monsalvez via Flickr (Public Domain). More articles about health | toxics | corporations | regulation | politics | USA Related Articles Ecologist Special Report: Ecological Conservation in Post-Conflict Colombia TPP and TTIP are not dead: now they're called the Trade In Services Agreement Trumpocalypse now! But can we believe the Doomsday Clock? Not just Toshiba - the global nuclear industry is in crisis everywhere Exposed: Coca Cola's big 'fight back' against tackling plastic waste Vaccines, mercury and thimerosal: let the science speak! Robert F. Kennedy Jr 7th February 2017 Tweet I am pro-vaccine, writes Robert F. Kennedy Jr. I had all of my six children vaccinated. I believe that vaccines save millions of lives. So let me explain why I edited the book 'Thimerosal: Let The Science Speak', which exposes the dangerous and avoidable use of the mercury-based preservative thimerosal in vaccines given to millions of children and pregnant women here and around the world. Hundreds of peer reviewed studies by leading government and university scientists show that thimerosal is a devastating brain poison linked to neurological disorders now epidemic in American children. Vaccines are big business. Pharma is a trillion-dollar industry with vaccines accounting for $25 billion in annual sales. A Center for Disease Control (CDC) decision to add a vaccine to the schedule can guarantee its manufacturer millions of customers and billions in revenue with minimal advertising or marketing costs and complete immunity from lawsuits. High stakes and the seamless marriage between Big Pharma and government agencies have spawned an opaque and crooked regulatory system. Merck, one of America's leading vaccine outfits, is currently under investigation for deceiving FDA regulators about the effectiveness of its MMR vaccine. Two whistleblowers say Merck ginned up sham studies to maintain Merck's MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) monopoly. Big money has fueled the exponential expansion of CDC's vaccine schedule since 1988, when Congress' grant of immunity from lawsuits suddenly transformed vaccines into paydirt. CDC recommended five pediatric vaccines when I was a boy in 1954. Today's children cannot ­­ school without at least 56 doses of 14 vaccines by the time they're 18. An insatiable pharmaceutical industry has 271 new vaccines under development in CDC's bureaucratic pipeline in hopes of boosting vaccine revenues to $100 billion by 2025. The industry's principle spokesperson, Dr. Paul Offit, says that he believes children can take as many as 10,000 vaccines. There's more to the vaccine boom than public health! Public health may not be the sole driver of CDC decisions to mandate new vaccines. Four scathing federal studies, including two by Congress, one by the US Senate, and one by the HHS Inspector General, paint CDC as a cesspool of corruption, mismanagement, and dysfunction with alarming conflicts of interest suborning its research, regulatory, and policymaking functions. CDC rules allow vaccine industry profiteers like Dr. Offit to serve on advisory boards that add new vaccines to the schedule. In a typical example, Offit in 1999 sat on the CDC's vaccine advisory committee and voted to add the rotavirus vaccine to CDC's schedule, paving the way for him to make a fortune on his own rotavirus vaccine. Offit and his business partners sold the royalties to his rotavirus vaccine patent to Merck in 2006 for $182 million. Offit told Newsweek, "It was like winning the lottery!" A 2009 HHS Inspector General's report found that the CDC certified financial disclosure forms with at least one omission for 97% of committee members - and most forms had more than one type of omission. The same report stated that as many as 64% of committee members had potential conflicts of interest that CDC did not identify or resolve before certifying their forms. In addition to lucrative business partnerships with Merck, Offit holds a $1.5 million research chair, funded by Merck, at Children's Hospital in Philadelphia. From this industry sinecure, he broadcasts vaccine industry propaganda and annually publishes books urging unlimited vaccinations and vilifying safe-vaccine advocates. Thimerosal-autism link backed by 37 scientific studies The corruption has also poisoned CDC's immunization safety office, the research arm that tests vaccines for safety and efficacy. In August 2014, 17-year CDC veteran Dr. William Thompson, who is author of the principal study cited by CDC to exculpate mercury-preserved vaccines from the autism link, invoked whistleblower protection, and turned extensive agency files over to Congress. Thompson, who is still employed at CDC, says that for the past decade his superiors have pressured him and his fellow scientists to lie and manipulate data about the safety of the mercury-based preservative thimerosal to conceal its causative link to a suite of brain injuries, including autism. Thimerosal is 50% ethylmercury, which is far more toxic and persistent in the brain than the highly regulated methylmercury in fish. Hundreds of peer reviewed studies by leading government and university scientists show that thimerosal is a devastating brain poison linked to neurological disorders now epidemic in American children. My book, Thimerosal: Let the Science Speak, is a summary of these studies, which CDC and its credulous jour- nalists swear don't exist. Although Thompson's CDC and vaccine industry colleagues have created nine patently fraudulent and thoroughly discredited epidemiological studies to defend thimerosal, no published study shows thimerosal to be safe. The common canard that US autism rates rose after drug makers removed most thimerosal from pediatric vaccines in 2003 is wrong. That same year, CDC added flu shots containing massive doses of thimerosal to the pediatric schedule. As a result, children today can get nearly as much mercury exposure as children did from all pediatric vaccines combined in the decade prior to 2003. Worse, thimerosal, for the first time, is being given to pregnant women in flu shots. Furthermore, CDC's current autism numbers are for children born in 2002, when kids were still getting thimerosal in their pediatric vaccines. The best science suggests that thimerosal's complete removal from vaccines is likely to prompt a significant decline in autism. For example, a 2013 CDC study in JAMA Pediatrics shows a 33% drop in autism spectrum disorder in Denmark following the 1992 removal of thimerosal from Danish vaccines. That paper is among 37 peer-reviewed studies linking thimerosal to the autism epidemic. Mainstream media are now industry propagandists Thimerosal has precipitated a journalistic as well as a public health crisis. Big Pharma pumps over $3.5 billion annually into TV, newspapers, and other advertising, targeting news departments, which have become vehicles for pharmaceutical sales and propaganda platforms for the industry. Television and print outlets feature spokespeople like Dr. Offit - without identifying their industry ties - while censoring criticisms of vaccine safety andexcluding the voices of informed vaccine safety advocates. Busy journalists parrot the deceptive talking points dispensed by government and pharma officials rather than reading the science themselves. Unable to argue the science, they bully, pillory, and demonize vaccine safety advocates as 'anti-vax', 'anti-science', and far worse. The unwillingness of the press to scrutinize CDC has emboldened both industry and agency to follow the lowest paths of easy profit and bureaucratic preservation. The measles scare was classic disaster capitalism, with media outlets dutifully stoking public hysteria on editorial pages and throughout the 24-hour broadcast cycle. With Dr. Offit leading the charge, CDC, drug makers, and industry-funded front groups parlayed a garden variety annual measles outbreak into a national tidal wave of state legislation to ban religious and philosophical vaccine exemptions. The national media frenzy over 159 measles cases left little room for attention to the the autism cataclysm which has debilitated 1 million American children since the pandemic began in 1989, with 27,000 new cases annually. CDC refuses to call autism an 'epidemic'. In defiance of hard science, and common sense, CDC and Offit have launched a denial campaign to gull reporters into believing the autism plague is an illusion created by better diagnosis. Bought: our democratic representatives Big Pharma is among the nation's largest political donors, giving $31 million last year to national political candidates.  It spends more on political lobbying than any other industry, $3.0 billion from 1998 to 2014 - double the amount spent by oil and gas and four times as much as defense and aerospace lobbyists. By February, state legislators in 36 states were pushing through over one hundred new laws to end philosophical and religious vaccine exemptions. Many of those state lawmakers are also on the industry payroll. You can see how much money bill sponsors from your state took from Big Pharma on maplight.org. Normally plaintiffs' tort lawyers would provide a powerful check and balance to keep vaccines safe and effective and regulators and policymakers honest. But Pharma's dirty money has bought the industry immunity from lawsuits for vaccine injury no matter how dangerous the product. An obliging Congress disposed of the Seventh Amendment right to jury trial, making it impossible for vaccine-injured plaintiffs to sue pharmaceutical companies for selling unsafe vaccines. That's right! No Class Actions. No discovery. No depositions and little financial incentive for the industry to make vaccines safer. Vaccine industry money has neutralized virtually all of the checks and balances that once stood between a rapacious pharmaceutical industry and our children. With the research, regulatory, and policymaking agencies captured, the courts closed to the public, the lawyers disarmed, the politicians on retainer and the media subverted, there is no one left to stand between a greedy industry and vulnerable children - except parents. Next: take away parents' right to say 'No!' Now Big Pharma's game plan is to remove parental informed consent rights from that equation and force vaccine hesitant parents to inject their children with potentially risky vaccines that the Supreme Court has called "unavoidably unsafe". Ending exemptions is premature until we have a functioning regulatory agency and a transparent process. The best way to insure full vaccine coverage is for the vaccine program to win back public trust by ending its corrupt financial ties with a profit-making industry. To educate yourselves about CDC corruption and the truth about vaccine science, I hope you will read Thimerosal: Let the Science Speak and download the important movie Trace Amounts and insist your legislators watch it before voting on any of these bills.     Robert F. Kennedy, Jr is a resolute defender of the environment and a veteran eco-litigant with a long track record of successful legal actions. He was named one of Time magazine's 'Heroes for the Planet' for his success helping Riverkeeper lead the fight to restore the Hudson River. He tweets @RobertKennedyJr. See also his website. This article was originally published on Robert F Kennedy Jr's website. It is Copyright © Robert F. Kennedy Jr, 2017 Notes Forbes Magazine & CDC's Rogue Scientist (8/31/2015) My speech to a concerned group of citizens about SB 277 (7/18/15) RFK, Jr. versus Frank Bruni (7/5/2015) 39 published peer reviewed studies linking Thimerosal to Autism (7/5/2015) Anna Almendrala attacks Jim Carrey for demanding the removal of the mercury based preservative, Thimerosal from vaccines. (07/02/2015) Letter to Shawn Hubler - Sacramento Bee (6/24/2015) CDC's Latest Tuskegee Experiment African American Autism and Vaccines (7/2/2015) RFK, Jr. interview on Jesse Ventura's show "Off The Grid" Why The American Press Does Not Want You To Read this Article My manifesto (printed below) ran in USA Today as a full-page ad in the weekend issue April 24-26.  The broadside is partially a jeremiad on press suppression of the thimerosal issue - the debate that CBS reporter Sharyl Atkinson calls "the most censored and misreported story" of the century. Ironically, my manifesto had already run afoul the Kafkaesque industry taboo that one national reporter has characterized as "a borglike impenetrable cocoon". Before we ran it as a full-page ad, opinion editors at virtually all of the nation's leading papers rejected a shorter version of the same article. read more. Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.: An Invitation to Open Debate On Thimerosal Alternet.org (August 2014) "Why is everyone lined up against you?" RFK, JR on Bill Maher (04/24/15) James Grundvig on RFK Jr....the mercury tipping point Trace Amounts: Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. No Anti-Vaccer San Francisco Examiner (4/11/15) The Mercury Tipping Point: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. The Epoch Times (04/27/15) RFK Jr. on Good Day LA- Fox 11  April 22, 2015 Robert F. Kennedy Jr. on the misognyistic rhetoric of safe vaccine opponents - Sacramento, CA April 8, 2015 CDC Scientist Still Maintains Agency Forced Researchers To Lie About Safety Of Mercury Based Vaccines Ring of Fire Blog (February 2015) Vaccine Courts Trampling Justice and Public Health "In Suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved." "CDC is paralyzed by anything to do with autism...I have a boss who is asking me to lie." CDC Senior Scientist, Dr. William Thompson "Thimerosal causes tics (in children of pregnant women)...there is biologic plausibility that thimerosal causes autism like features." CDC Senior Scientist, Dr. William Thompson "When I talk to you who has a son with autism ... I'm completely ashamed by what I did...the higher ups wanted to do certain things, and I went along." CDC Senior Scientist, Dr. William Thompson CDC Chief Julie Gerberding tells Sanja Gupta that vaccines can trigger autistic-like symptoms in vulnerable children April 2008 In 2005, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. wrote an article, 'Deadly Immunity', that was co-published by Rolling Stone magazine and Salon.com about the connection between the vaccine preservative thimerosal and the autism epidemic. After several revisions to the article and nearly 6 years after the original publication date, Salon.com retracted the article from its website archives without consideration or opportunity for rebuttal. Below is the full corrected article, a link to Salon's retraction and the real reason behind it, as well an email delivered to Robert F. Kennedy Jr. by David Talbot, the founder and former editor-in-chief of Salon.com The real reason Salon retracted Deadly Immunity, caving to Pharma.   Previous Articles... | Permalink | Trackbacks (0) | Email a Friend | Print this ECOLOGIST COOKIES Using this website means you agree to us using simple cookies. More information here...   FOLLOW THE ECOLOGIST  
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. GlaxoSmithKline Which stock wins in a head-to-head match-up between these pharma giants? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Feb 7, 2017 at 7:03AM They're two of the biggest pharmaceutical companies in the world, but Merck (NYSE:MRK) and GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE:GSK) have had very different paths lately. While Merck's stock is up close to 30% over the last 12 months, shares of GlaxoSmithKline have declined. Which is the better pick for investors now? Here's how Merck and Glaxo compare. Image source: Getty Images. The case for Merck There's one major reason behind Merck's tremendous stock performance: Keytruda. The cancer drug is off to a great start after receiving U.S. regulatory approval for treating advanced melanoma in 2014. Merck subsequently won approval for several other indications for Keytruda, including as a second-line treatment for non-small cell lung cancer and as a second-line treatment for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.   Perhaps the biggest story for Keytruda so far, though, is the FDA approval in October for the drug as a first-line treatment of non-small cell lung cancer. Merck is now emerging as the clear leader in the large lung cancer market in the U.S. and a major player in other oncology indications.  Keytruda is Merck's top star, but the company does have other solid performers in its lineup. Sales for its vaccines are increasing at an impressive rate, as are sales for antibiotic Cubucin and cholesterol drug Zetia. Merck is awaiting regulatory approval for four drugs. Its pipeline includes 24 late-stage clinical programs, 10 of which are evaluating Keytruda in additional indications. Merck also has 12 other phase 2 programs. One of the biggest reasons to like Merck is its dividend. The dividend yield currently stands just below 3%. Although the company currently is using much of its earnings to cover the dividend payments, Merck's earnings growth prospects should allow the dividends to keep flowing at least at current levels. The case for GlaxoSmithKline GlaxoSmithKline doesn't have a single powerhouse drug like Merck does with Keytruda. However, the drugmaker does have a couple of big winners in Tivicay and Triumeq. Sales for the HIV drugs soared 70% year over year in the third quarter. Like Merck, Glaxo is also seeing strong sales growth for its vaccines. Sales for quite a few other products in the company's lineup are increasing as well, including several of its respiratory drugs. However, the main problem for GlaxoSmithKline is that sales for its top-selling drug, Seretide/Advair, are falling significantly. Generic competition has taken its market share away since Glaxo lost patent exclusivity for the respiratory drug.Still, though, GlaxoSmithKline's newer products are helping considerably. Around a quarter of the company's total pharmaceutical sales now come from new drugs. Better yet, more winners could be on the way. Glaxo hopes to win regulatory approval for its Shingrix shingles vaccine soon. The company's pipeline includes over 90 clinical programs. GlaxoSmithKline claims one of the highest dividend yields around at 4.7%. However, the company is spending more to pay the dividend than it's making right now.   Better buy Which of these stocks is the better pick? GlaxoSmithKline's pipeline could position the stock to be a bigger winner over time. Wall Street analysts expect Glaxo's earnings to grow more than 13% annually on average over the next few years.  However, Merck appears to be in better shape right now. Keytruda is on its way to becoming the company's biggest seller. I think the edge, for now at least, goes to Merck. Glaxo's pipeline is promising, but there's still plenty of uncertainty. Investors can pretty much bank on Keytruda's success. That gives the edge to Merck. Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Feb 7, 2017 at 7:03AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $64.15 down $0.24 (-0.37%) GlaxoSmithKline NYSE:GSK $40.28 up $0.26 (0.65%) Read More After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Merck Makes Nice With Bristol-Myers Squibb 3 Top Big Pharma Stocks to Buy Now A Big Breakthrough for Ovarian Cancer Patients Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. AbbVie Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. GlaxoSmithKline @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $GSK
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Baytex Energy Corp (BTE) Receives $7.59 Average Target Price from Analysts Arconic Inc (ARNC) Stock Price Up 5.9% Following Insider Buying Activity Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Owens Corning Inc Lifted by Analyst (OC) Eaton Vance Michigan Municipal Bond Fund (MIW) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.05 Motorpoint Group PLC (MOTR) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Fortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC (FTAI) Receives $15.83 Average Price Target from Analysts Northern Trust Corp Has $2,261,555,000 Stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Northern Trust Corp raised its position in shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 1.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 36,237,082 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 411,890 shares during the period. Merck & Company makes up approximately 0.7% of Northern Trust Corp’s holdings, making the stock its 21st largest position. Northern Trust Corp’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $2,261,555,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 174,819,694 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,071,362,000 after buying an additional 3,242,254 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 0.7% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 74,363,785 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,284,098,000 after buying an additional 535,407 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 2.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 56,714,385 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,539,544,000 after buying an additional 1,235,395 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 1.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 45,572,909 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,844,205,000 after buying an additional 840,309 shares during the period. Finally, Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 6.2% in the second quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA now owns 26,224,184 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,510,776,000 after buying an additional 1,531,565 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 73.80% of the company’s stock. Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 64.94 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $179.05 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.83 and a beta of 0.79. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $60.99 and a 200-day moving average of $61.58. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 12-month low of $48.28 and a 12-month high of $65.46. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.00. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The company had revenue of $10.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $10.22 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.93 EPS. Merck & Company’s revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Investors of record on Thursday, December 15th were issued a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.89%. This is a boost from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, December 13th. Merck & Company’s payout ratio is presently 92.61%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Northern Trust Corp Has $2,261,555,000 Stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK)” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/northern-trust-corp-has-2261555000-stake-in-merck-company-inc-mrk.html. A number of equities research analysts have commented on MRK shares. Argus reissued a “buy” rating and set a $80.00 price objective (up previously from $65.00) on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Vetr lowered shares of Merck & Company from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $52.27 price objective on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, December 27th. Bank of America Corporation raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $57.00 to $70.00 in a report on Thursday, October 13th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Merck & Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a $65.00 price objective on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Sunday, October 16th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Merck & Company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $66.91. In other news, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total transaction of $9,104,200.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 514,957 shares in the company, valued at approximately $33,487,653.71. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Thomas R. Cech sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.42, for a total value of $317,100.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 5,100 shares in the company, valued at $323,442. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 241,959 shares of company stock worth $15,625,548. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Carnival Corporation (CCL) Shares Bought by Northern Trust Corp Next » Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Shares Bought by Northern Trust Corp Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. GlaxoSmithKline Which stock wins in a head-to-head match-up between these pharma giants? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Feb 7, 2017 at 7:03AM They're two of the biggest pharmaceutical companies in the world, but Merck (NYSE:MRK) and GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE:GSK) have had very different paths lately. While Merck's stock is up close to 30% over the last 12 months, shares of GlaxoSmithKline have declined. Which is the better pick for investors now? Here's how Merck and Glaxo compare. Image source: Getty Images. The case for Merck There's one major reason behind Merck's tremendous stock performance: Keytruda. The cancer drug is off to a great start after receiving U.S. regulatory approval for treating advanced melanoma in 2014. Merck subsequently won approval for several other indications for Keytruda, including as a second-line treatment for non-small cell lung cancer and as a second-line treatment for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.   Perhaps the biggest story for Keytruda so far, though, is the FDA approval in October for the drug as a first-line treatment of non-small cell lung cancer. Merck is now emerging as the clear leader in the large lung cancer market in the U.S. and a major player in other oncology indications.  Keytruda is Merck's top star, but the company does have other solid performers in its lineup. Sales for its vaccines are increasing at an impressive rate, as are sales for antibiotic Cubucin and cholesterol drug Zetia. Merck is awaiting regulatory approval for four drugs. Its pipeline includes 24 late-stage clinical programs, 10 of which are evaluating Keytruda in additional indications. Merck also has 12 other phase 2 programs. One of the biggest reasons to like Merck is its dividend. The dividend yield currently stands just below 3%. Although the company currently is using much of its earnings to cover the dividend payments, Merck's earnings growth prospects should allow the dividends to keep flowing at least at current levels. The case for GlaxoSmithKline GlaxoSmithKline doesn't have a single powerhouse drug like Merck does with Keytruda. However, the drugmaker does have a couple of big winners in Tivicay and Triumeq. Sales for the HIV drugs soared 70% year over year in the third quarter. Like Merck, Glaxo is also seeing strong sales growth for its vaccines. Sales for quite a few other products in the company's lineup are increasing as well, including several of its respiratory drugs. However, the main problem for GlaxoSmithKline is that sales for its top-selling drug, Seretide/Advair, are falling significantly. Generic competition has taken its market share away since Glaxo lost patent exclusivity for the respiratory drug.Still, though, GlaxoSmithKline's newer products are helping considerably. Around a quarter of the company's total pharmaceutical sales now come from new drugs. Better yet, more winners could be on the way. Glaxo hopes to win regulatory approval for its Shingrix shingles vaccine soon. The company's pipeline includes over 90 clinical programs. GlaxoSmithKline claims one of the highest dividend yields around at 4.7%. However, the company is spending more to pay the dividend than it's making right now.   Better buy Which of these stocks is the better pick? GlaxoSmithKline's pipeline could position the stock to be a bigger winner over time. Wall Street analysts expect Glaxo's earnings to grow more than 13% annually on average over the next few years.  However, Merck appears to be in better shape right now. Keytruda is on its way to becoming the company's biggest seller. I think the edge, for now at least, goes to Merck. Glaxo's pipeline is promising, but there's still plenty of uncertainty. Investors can pretty much bank on Keytruda's success. That gives the edge to Merck. Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Feb 7, 2017 at 7:03AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $64.15 down $0.24 (-0.37%) GlaxoSmithKline NYSE:GSK $40.28 up $0.26 (0.65%) Read More After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Merck Makes Nice With Bristol-Myers Squibb 3 Top Big Pharma Stocks to Buy Now A Big Breakthrough for Ovarian Cancer Patients Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. AbbVie Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. GlaxoSmithKline @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $GSK
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Baytex Energy Corp (BTE) Receives $7.59 Average Target Price from Analysts Arconic Inc (ARNC) Stock Price Up 5.9% Following Insider Buying Activity Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Owens Corning Inc Lifted by Analyst (OC) Eaton Vance Michigan Municipal Bond Fund (MIW) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.05 Motorpoint Group PLC (MOTR) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Fortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC (FTAI) Receives $15.83 Average Price Target from Analysts Hancock Holding Co. Buys 402 Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Posted by William Strong on Feb 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Hancock Holding Co. increased its stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 1.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 23,401 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 402 shares during the period. Hancock Holding Co.’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $1,461,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Boston Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 512.1% in the second quarter. Boston Advisors LLC now owns 374,199 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,558,000 after buying an additional 313,068 shares during the period. KBC Group NV increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 32.7% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 1,398,162 shares of the company’s stock valued at $87,259,000 after buying an additional 344,592 shares during the period. GW&K Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of Merck & Company by 6.6% in the third quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC now owns 369,150 shares of the company’s stock worth $23,039,000 after buying an additional 22,736 shares during the period. Seminole Management Co. Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Merck & Company during the second quarter worth about $19,783,000. Finally, Badgley Phelps & Bell Inc. increased its position in shares of Merck & Company by 14.4% in the second quarter. Badgley Phelps & Bell Inc. now owns 5,225 shares of the company’s stock worth $301,000 after buying an additional 657 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 73.80% of the company’s stock. Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded up 0.79% during trading on Monday, hitting $64.80. The stock had a trading volume of 5,820,190 shares. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 12 month low of $47.97 and a 12 month high of $65.46. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $61.03 and a 200 day moving average of $61.51. The company has a market cap of $178.66 billion, a PE ratio of 31.76 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.00. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The business earned $10.10 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.22 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.93 earnings per share. Merck & Company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were issued a dividend of $0.47 per share. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.92%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This is a positive change from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. Merck & Company’s payout ratio is currently 92.61%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/06/hancock-holding-co-buys-402-shares-of-merck-company-inc-mrk.html. A number of research analysts have issued reports on MRK shares. Vetr downgraded Merck & Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $64.84 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday, October 10th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Merck & Company in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Leerink Swann restated a “market perform” rating and issued a $65.00 price objective on shares of Merck & Company in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Bank of America Corporation upgraded Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $57.00 to $70.00 in a research note on Thursday, October 13th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Friday, October 14th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $66.91. In other Merck & Company news, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total transaction of $9,104,200.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chairman now owns 514,957 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $33,487,653.71. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Chevron Corporation (CVX) Shares Bought by Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Next » Enova International, Inc. (ENVA) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access The Heart of the Matter Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending PMEA 2016 results AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial Keytruda filed for first- and second-line bladder cancer Merck & Co hopes to gain advantage over Opdivo and Tecentriq with first-line setting Merck & Co has filed for approval of its checkpoint inhibitor Keytruda for both first- and second-line use in bladder cancer in the US. The filing comes shortly after Bristol-Myers Squibb bagged US approval for its checkpoint inhibitor Opdivo (nivolumab) as a second-line treatment for bladder cancer, with both drugs chasing Roche's Tecentriq (atezolizumab) - the first immuno-oncology drug to be approved for that form of cancer. With both Opdivo and Tecentriq approved for second-line use in patients who have progressed despite cisplatin therapy, Merck has a chance of grabbing an advantage in the first-line setting. Roche got a priority review from the FDA for its first-line application last month. Keytruda has been filed in the first-line setting approval for use in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (mUC) who are ineligible for cisplatin-containing therapy, while second-line use is being targeted towards these patients with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. The FDA has previously given Keytruda a priority review both the first- and second-line indications on the strength of the results of the phase II KEYNOTE-052 and the phase III KEYNOTE-045 trials, respectively. It is due to deliver a verdict on both filings by 14 June. Bladder cancer affects almost 400,000 people a year and kills around 150,000, but has proved to be remarkably resistant to new drug therapy. Prior to the advent of immuno-oncology drugs, there had been no new treatments for patients with metastatic bladder cancer who progress despite platinum-based chemotherapy for 30 years. The standard of care remains cisplatin, but around half of all patients are not eligible for treatment with that form of chemotherapy. Meanwhile, cisplatin remains only modestly effective in patients who can take the drug. In the KeyNote-045 trial Keytruda was more effective than chemotherapy at extending patients' lives when given as a second-line therapy, while KEYNOTE-052 showed an overall response rate of 24% among cisplatin-ineligible patients - with and without PD-L1 expression - who were treated initially with Keytruda. Merck's drug achieved a slightly lower response rate than chemotherapy in that setting. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 6th February 2017 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Senior Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Junior Strategic Planner, Healthcare Advertising £28, 000 - £32, 000 benefits Senior Account Manager/ Account Director, Medical Communications... Excellent package Regional Managing Director/ ASIA CEO –Healthcare Advertising Age... Salary TBC Senior Medical Writer, Principal Medical Writer, Editorial Team ... £40000 - £75000 Bonus Benefits Global CEO, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Communications, East C... Substantial Package FREELANCE ACCOUNT MANAGER OR SENIOR ACCOUNT MANAGER - Healthcare... Superb Day Rate Available Market Research Manager, Pharmaceutical £27, 000 - £30, 000 Editorial/ Medical Director – Medical Education – Home-Based Salary TBC Account Director, Creative Healthcare Communications £50, 000 – £55, 000 car Medical Writer/ Copywriter, Medcomms to Brandcomms, London Competitive Salary Director, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Managing Director – Healthcare PR and Communications Agency – Lo... Neg Head of Healthcare, Sydney(Full Relocation Package Offered) Excellent &amp;full relocation/visa package offered Associate Medical Writer – Postdoc opportunity to enter Medical ... Competitive Senior Medical Writer – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Scientific Lead - Med Comms Great salary and benefits Junior Strategic Planner. Healthcare Advertising £28, 000 - £32, 000 PRINCIPAL MEDICAL WRITER or ETL - OUTSTANDING OPPORTUNITY - MEDI... Salary TBC Associate Director, Medical Communications, London Excellent package FREELANCE MEDICAL WRITER or SENIOR MEDICAL WRITER - 3 Months + ,... Superb Day Rate Available Director, Scientific Services Great salary and benefits Principal Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Editorial Projects Lead, Medical Communications, NW UK Excellent package Editorial Director, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pfizer mulling product sale to streamline ops; sources NICE to bring HTA processes to mobile health apps New outcomes data could unlock Repatha's potential, says Amgen Ipsen boosts specialty care and R&D leadership teams Keytruda filed for first- and second-line bladder cancer Denmark pitches for EMA, with help from ex Novo Nordisk CEO Deal Watch January 2017 Lundbeck partners with IBM Watson on drug research Praluent can stay on market for now, says US court FDA approves first steroid for Duchenne muscular dystrophy New philosophies driving transformative healthcare Minoryx Therapeutics adds to board of directors PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Excel Communications Excel Communications is a world class training and development company facilitating tailored, in-house learning events including coaching, workshops and development... Latest intelligence Deal Watch January 2017 Actelion, Johnson & Johnson, Sanofi, Takeda and more feature in this month's pharma deals round-up... Time to snap up the opportunities Is there a place for Snapchat in health communications? TL;DR: When it comes to communications it is always important to make sure what you’re creating and sharing is adding value... Why you should include customer facing roles in your multichannel strategy Anthill recently held a webinar discussing the emergence and importance of multichannel communications, and the challenges this shift brings.... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017
About About Medindia Medical Review Team Content Team Medindia Interviews Our Press Release Sitemap Advertise with Us Mobile Careers Internship MedBlogs Login Register Explore Medindia Health Centers Information by Medical Specialty Free Homepages Health Websites Buy Online Medical Education Medicine & Movies Support Groups Health Laws Buy & Sell Medindia on Mobile Health Centers Anxiety & Depression Child Health Healthy Heart Diabetes View All Health and Wellness Doctors Health Insurance Health Laws View All Information by Medical Specialty Cardiology Dentistry Gastroenterology Neurology View All Health Tools Create Health Record Greetings Health Calculators View All Free Home Page Conference Doctors Hospitals NGO View All Health Websites - Categories Addiction AIDS and HIV Complementary Medicine View All Multimedia Animations Infographics Slideshow Videos View All Healthy Living Beauty Tips Health Tips Home Remedies Nutrition Facts Lifestyle and Wellness Travel & Health Yoga Consumer Health Doctors Beauty Tips Dark Circles Deep Sunken Eyes Eye Puffiness View All Lifestyle and Wellness Beat Diseases With Bell Peppers Everything You Need To Know About Ketogenic Diet How to Remove a Tattoo View All Health Tips Child Health Diet and Nutrition Senior Health View All Nutrition Facts Baby Foods Baked Products Breakfast Cereals View All Home Remedies Acidity Acne Alcoholism View All Diet and Nutrition Anti-ageing Foods Best Foods That Aid Digestion Bone Strengthening Foods Complementary Medicine Acupuncture Ayurveda Aromatherapy View All Obesity and Weight Loss Obesity Obesity and Carbohydrates Obesity and Malnutrition News Health News A-Z Health News Central Latest Health News Leading Resources News Photo Gallery News Video Gallery Popular Health News Special Reports Latest Press Releases Press Releases A-Z Press Release Archive Submit Press Releases Writing a Press Release News Health News A-Z Health News Central Latest Health News Leading Resources News Photo Gallery News Video Gallery Health Special Reports Popular Health News Interviews and In depth Reports Health Watch Health In Focus India Special Lifestyle and Wellness Press Releases Latest Press Releases Press Releases A-Z Press Release Archive Press Release Comments Submit Press Releases Writing a Press Release Health A-Z Health Insurance Health Topics Health Encyclopedia First Aid Guide Health Facts Health Quiz Blood Tests Phobia Health Care Glossary Insurance Glossary Medical Acronyms Medical Aphorism Medical Mnemonics Health Guide Diet and Nutrition First Aid Guide Health Topics Health Encyclopedia Health Calculators Health Facts Health Quiz   Health News Health News RSS Medical Lab Test Medical Humour Phobias Press Release Surgical Procedures Drugs Drug Information Drug Price List Drug Brands in India Drug Toxicity Drugs by Conditions Drug Interaction with Foods Therapeutic Drug Classification Search Info Doctor Homepage Hospital Homepage Indian Doctors Online Search Open Access Journals Universities In India Articles Disease & Condition Diet & Nutrition Surgical Procedure Lifestyle and Wellness Investigation and Procedure Articles Preventive Health Symptom Articles Sleep Cancer Drug Related Articles Hair Loss Health Insurance Articles Health Screening Test e-Health Publications Complementary Medicine Condition By Specialty Health Topics Complementary Medicine Cancer Color Therapy Disease & Condition Diet & Nutrition First Aid Guide   Hair Loss Health Facts Health Insurance Health Special Reports Health Screening Test Lifestyle and Wellness   Symptom Articles Laboratory Test Medical Procedures Preventive Health Sleep   Surgical Procedures Travel and Health Yoga and Lifestyle Drug Related Articles e-Health Publications Calculators Diabetes Risk Assessment Calculator Pediatric Calculators Height and Weight Calculator Health Risk Assessment Tools Clinical Tools Cardiac Risk Calculator Lifestyle Interactive Tools Miscellaneous Tools Women's Health Calculator Men's Health Calculators Nutrition Calculator Pharma Tools Health Clock Conversion Calculators Latest Health Calculators Popular Health Calculators Diabetes Tools Blood Sugar-Conversion Blood Sugar Chart Diabetes Risk Assessment Calculator View All Pediatric Calculators Height and Weight for Children Development Milestone Immunisation View All Men's Health Check Your Prostate Gland Depression Calculator Preventive Health - Screening Tests View All Women's Health Multiple Pregnancy Calculator Ovulation Calculator Pregnancy Due Date Calculator View All Height Weight Tools Frame Size Calculator Height and Weight for Children Ideal Baby Weight Ideal Body Weight - Adults View All Cardiac Tools Activity Calorie Calculator Lifetime Risk of Heart Attack Cholesterol Risk Calculator View All Other Categories Cardiac Tools Clinical Tools Conversion Tools Health Clocks Health Risk Assessment Tools Lifestyle Interactive Tools Miscellaneous Tools Nutrition Utilities Pharma Tools Drugs Drugs by Condition Drug Information Drug Price Drug Brands in India Drug Toxicity FDA Approved Drugs ICD Codes Drug Interaction with Foods Therapeutic Drug Classification Drugs - Side Effects How to Take Drugs Drugs by Specialty Health Conditions Due to Drugs FDA Labeling Changes Ayurveda Drug Manufacturers Banned Drugs in India Drug Policy Drug Price - Act Pharma Councils Associations Pharma Links Drugs by Condition Abdominal Pain Abortion Acne View All Drug Information Aceclofenac Albendazole Ambroxol View All Drug Price List - Brand Names Acetaminophen Acyclovir Aspirin View All Drug Interaction with Food Alprazolam Amiodarone Amisulpride View All Drugs - Side Effects Abarelix Aclarubicin Alogliptin View All FDA Approved Drugs Ado-Trastuzumab Emtansine Alogliptin And Metformin Alogliptin And Pioglitazone View All Drug Database ICD Codes Drugs by Specialty Health Condtions Due to Drugs Drug Toxicity Drug Brands FDA Labeling Changes Therapeutic Classification of Drugs How to Take Drugs View All Directories Master Healthcare Directory Doctors Master Directory Doctor Directory Hospital Directory Chemist Directory Emergency Services Pharma Directory Surgical Suppliers NGO Directory International Hospital Directory Pincode Directory Ayuveda Colleges Dental Colleges Homepathy Colleges Medical Colleges Nursing Colleges Pharma Colleges Siddha Colleges Unani Colleges Doctor Directory Allopathy Doctors Allied Healthcare Members Add Doctors Doctor Master Directory Doctors by City Dentist Search By Specialty Hospital Directory Hospital Directory Hospitals by City International Hospital Directory Chemist Directory Add Chemists Chemist Directory Chemist Directory by City Surgical Suppliers Add Surgical Suppliers Surgical Suppliers Surgical Suppliers By City Pharma Directory Add Pharma Pharma Directory Pharma Directory by City Emergency Services Ambulance Blood Bank Day and Night Chemists Eye Bank Home Care Nursing Hospital Trauma Care Oxygen Services Education Universities In India Ministry of Health MCI Guidelines National Board of Examinations Surgical Training In UK CGFNS CGFNS Centers FRCS in UK MCQ Bank PLAB USMLE Centers USMLE Distance Education Topics International Journals Indian Journals Open Access Journals Colleges Ayurveda Colleges Dental Colleges Homeopathy Colleges Medical Colleges Nursing Colleges Pharma Colleges Siddha Colleges Unani Colleges PG Education Bio Informatics Degree Courses Diploma Courses Ministry of Health MCI Guidelines National Board of Examinations Surgical Training in UK Family Medicine Biomedical Ethics Chest Pain Classification of Burns Fever in Children Incision and Drainage of Abscess Low Back Pain Urinary Tract Infection View All Search Conferences Disease FAQs International Journals Indian Journals Journals Open Access Medical Dictionary Medical Acronyms Medical Mnemonics Other Resources CGFNS Centers Education News FRCS in UK Health Statistics Medical Electives MCQ Bank PLAB USMLE Centers More Health Polls Medindia Specials Syndromes Amazing Body Facts Health Survey World Health Days Consumer Protection Act Know your Body Health Statistics Medical Electives Medicine, Art & Literature Services Free Medical Downloads Advertise on Medindia Alumni Baby Names Buy and Sell E-Health Records Free Home Pages Mini Health Check up Medical Jobs Medindia Specials Health Acts in India Health Quotations Medical Aphorism Medical Conference Nobel Prize in Medicine Ribbon for a Cause Stamps on Doctors View All Health Insurance Health Insurance News Insurance Articles Insurance Companies- India Insurance Companies- United States Insurance Brokers List List of TPAs View All Other Health Resources ICD Codes Amazing Body Facts Health Poll Consumer Protection Act Health Survey Know Your Body Print Oath Syndromes World Health Days Medindia General Health News IVF a Blessing, Director-Choreographer Farah Khan Encourage Couples Who Can't Conceive by Bidita Debnath on  February 7, 2017 at 11:43 PM General Health News Director-choreographer Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can't conceive to go for specialized treatment, and says she herself underwent the IVF procedure which proved to be a blessing for her life. IVF a Blessing, Director-Choreographer Farah Khan Encourage Couples Who Can't Conceive Advertisement Farah, who is married to Shirish Kunder, said they had failed attempts of trying to have a baby naturally for two years, before they went for the IVF treatment. Now they are parents to triplets -- one son, and two daughters. ‘"Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too," says Farah Khan, who became a mother at the age of 43.’ Advertisement IVF is a blessing and I am really thankful as it has changed my life. A lot of factors today make it difficult for some couples to conceive, but we have solutions in the form of treatments. And I strongly believe in IVF, it helped me conceive my angels. "Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too," Farah, who became a mother at the age of 43, said in a statement. The 52-year-old in association with Merck, pioneers in treatment of infertility, recently released a video for the cause. It features a personal memoir of Farah's journey to parenthood. She shares a vivid recollection of her fears, challenges, doubts and ultimately her story of hope, belief and positivity towards IVF that led her to become a mother. Merck released this video as part of their 'Parents of Fertility' awareness initiative that helps and supports couples in India through this journey of parenthood. Speaking about the campaign, Anand Nambiar, Managing Director, Merck India, said: "We are happy to share that our awareness efforts now have a new face and voice with actor, director and choreographer Farah Khan, coming on board as a Cause Ambassador for our 'Parents of Fertility' digital awareness initiative. "Merck has taken many small steps over the years to spread awareness on infertility as we understand that seeking treatment is emotionally and physically challenging. With this video we expect to reach out to millions of couples seeking help with the message that infertility can be dealt with and one should not lose hope and seek help of specialists to fulfil their dream." Source: IANS ← Cortisol Functions Differently When Exposed to Stressful Situations Psychotherapy may Restore Brain Changes in Patients Suffering from Social Phobia → Advertisement Post your Comments Comments should be on the topic and should not be abusive. The editorial team reserves the right to review and moderate the comments posted on the site. * Your comment can be maximum of 2500 characters Notify me when reply is posted I agree to the terms and conditions Post Comments Your comments are automatically posted once they are submitted. All comments are however constantly reviewed for spam and irrelevant material (such as product or personal advertisements, email addresses, telephone numbers and website address). Such insertions do not conform to our policy and 'Terms of Use' and are either deleted or edited and republished. Please keep your comments brief and relevant.This section may also have questions seeking help. If you have the information you are welcome to respond, but please ensure that the information so provided is genuine and not misleading. You May Also Like Role of Mysterious Protein in the Invasion of Malarial Parasite Uncovered Hair Analysis May Help Diagnose Cushing Syndrome Novel 3-D Heart to Help Improve Cardiac Treatment Uterine Glands Produce Several Key Factors for Sustaining Pregnancies Related Links IVF Surrogacy Can Benefit Woman With Underdeveloped Vagina A 29-year-old female having a rare medical problem -- in which patients have an underdeveloped vagina and uterus -- was able to conceive through IVF surrogacy. IVF Calculator to Predict Chances of Pregnancy The calculator can estimate a couples chance of having a baby before and after first IVF treatment, and over multiple cycles. Hormone Levels in Hair can Affect IVF Success Rate Nearly 27 percent of the variance in pregnancy outcome was accounted for by hair cortisol concentrations and so reducing cortisol levels has better results. Endometrial Receptivity Analysis Best for Women Unable to Conceive Through IVF Endometrial Receptivity Analysis is the best solution for women unable to conceive even after In Vitro Fertilisation treatment due to wrong window implantation. Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) Find out more about the degenerative disease- Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Artificial Insemination Artificial Insemination is a medical procedure usually used to treat infertility. In this procedure, sperm is placed into a female''s vagina, uterus or fallopian tubes by artificial means. In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) Encyclopedia section of medindia gives a brief introduction to infertility and reproduction Infertility Infertility is a condition wherein couples fail to achieve pregnancy or if the woman has been unable to carry a pregnancy that results in a live birth. Uterus Transplantation / Womb Transplantation - Advantage and Disadvantages Learn more about uterus or womb transplantation. Its indications, types, complications, advantages, disadvantages and scientific implications. More News on: In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) Infertility Artificial Insemination Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) Uterus Transplantation / Womb Transplantation - Advantage and Disadvantages  Advertisement News A - Z A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z News Search X Medindia Newsletters Subscribe to our Free Newsletters! Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Stay Connected Follow @Medindia facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked in Stumbleupon Pinterest Delicious RSS Facebook What's New on Medindia Yoga for Improving Fertility Infertility yoga is a natural way to aid conception. It involves yoga and de-stressing techniques ... Learn What Your Tongue Says About Your General Health The tongue aids in chewing, talking and oral cleansing. However, it may also be an indicator of ... Retinitis Pigmentosa Retinitis pigmentosa is an inherited degenerative disorder which affects retina's ability to ... View All News Resource News Central Popular News Latest Health News News Category A-Z (500+) Health News and Press Release News Archive News Photo Gallery Lifestyle and Wellness Health Watch Health In Focus Celebrating Life Breaking Health News News From Other Resources India Special News Video Gallery Medindia Exclusive - Interviews and In depth Reports News Category AIDS/HIV News Alcohol & Drug Abuse News Alternative Medicine News Anti-Aging News Bird Flu News Cancer News Celebrity Health News Chikungunya News Child Health News Cholesterol News Clinical Trials News Corporate News Dengue News Dental News Diabetes News Diet & Nutrition News Drug News Education News Environmental Health General Health News Genetics & Stem Cells News Health Insurance News Heart Disease News Hospital News Hypertension News Indian Health News Lifestyle News Medical Gadgets Medical PDA News Medico Legal News Men´s Health News Mental Health News News on IT in Healthcare Nursing Profession News Obesity News Organ Donation News Research News Respiratory Disease News Senior Health News Sexual Health News Tropical Disease News Weight Loss Women Health News Uttarakhand Has Rich People But Children With Poor Health No Links Terminated With Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation: Health Ministry New Method Predicts the Onset of Flu Epidemics Baby Boy Born from 16-Year-Old Frozen Embryo in China Underestimating the Time You Lose in Facebook More General Health News News Archive Date: DAY 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 MONTH Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun July Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec YEAR 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 Category: All Categories AIDS/HIV News Alcohol & Drug Abuse News Alternative Medicine News Anti-Aging News Bird Flu News Cancer News Celebrity Health News Chikungunya News Child Health News Cholesterol News Clinical Trials News Corporate News Dengue News Dental News Diabetes News Diet & Nutrition News Drug News Education News Environmental Health General News Genetics & Stem Cells News Health Insurance News Heart Disease News Hospital News Hypertension News Indian Health News Lifestyle News Medical Gadgets Medical PDA News Medico Legal News Men´s Health News Mental Health News News on IT in Healthcare Nursing Profession News Obesity News Organ Donation News Press Release Research News Respiratory Disease News Senior Health News Sexual Health News Tropical Disease News Weight Loss Women Health News Keyword: About us Careers Benefits of Registration Advertising Policy Contact Us Press Sitemap Feedback Partnership Inquires Request to Use Medindia Content Unsubscribe Disclaimer - All information and content on this site are for information and educational purposes only. The information should not be used for either diagnosis or treatment or both for any health related problem or disease. Always seek the advice of a qualified physician for medical diagnosis and treatment. Full Disclaimer Advertise with us | Medindia Copyright | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © All Rights Reserved 1997 - 2017 This site complies with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.
DAX ®11.666,97+0,21%TecDAX ®1.870,65+0,74%S&P FUTURE2.312,70+0,36%Nasdaq 100 Future5.226,75+0,29% Anmelden oder kostenlos registrieren Benutzername: Passwort: Angemeldet bleiben: Passwort vergessen? Wertpapiere & Kurse News & Analysen Geld & Vorsorge Mein finanztreff Brokervergleich Überblick Suche Topthemen Finanzmarkt Termine Analysen Marktkommentare Panorama Videos Specials Börsenbriefe Überblick Marktberichte Überblick Aktien & Indizes Devisen Anleihen Rohstoffe Länder & Regionen Wirtschaftsnachrichten Überblick Wirtschaft & Politik Zentralbanken Branchen Überblick Automotive Banken Chemieindustrie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleister Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherer Weitere Branchen... Unternehmen Deutschland Europa (EU) USA & Amerika Asien Sonstige EQS-Unternehmenscenter News zu ... Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs IPO (Börsengänge) Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Ausbildung zum erfolgreichen Börsenhändler. Jetzt kostenlos! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Exklusiv: finanztreff.de Kunden erhalten 3 Monate Goldkonditionen Startseite > News & Analysen > Finanzmarkt EQS-News: Clustermarket Ltd.: UK's first online marketplace for scientists breaks down barriers to entry for life science start-ups 07.02.2017 - 15:40 | Quelle: Dow Jones Newswire Web Dow Jones received a payment from EQS/DGAP to publish this press release. === EQS-News: Clustermarket Ltd. / Key word(s): Miscellaneous Clustermarket Ltd.: UK's first online marketplace for scientists breaks down barriers to entry for life science start-ups 07-Feb-2017 / 14:40 GMT/BST *Press release* *London * *7 February 2017* *UK's first online marketplace for scientists breaks down barriers to entry for life science start-ups* For the first time , companies and scientists will be able to book expertise, lab space and equipment outside their institution via an online platform, creating a new dawn for independent life science research in the UK. Clustermarket (www.clustermarket.com [1]) has launched in partnership with Merck Accelerator as the UK's first online marketplace for scientists - enabling grassroots scientific research and 'access for all' in life sciences. This new 'science on demand' online platform, inspired by the AirBnB model, now allows UK science administrators, experts and institutions to rent out their technologies (equipment, software), infrastructures and services direct to start-up companies and innovators - initially with a focus in life science. As a result of Clustermarket platform, research and development in the life science industry will be more affordable and less time consuming - making it easier for start-ups to breakthrough with innovation and bridge the 'Valley of Death' (a term traditionally coined because life science start-ups and scientists have found it difficult to initiate research due to the high associated costs, thereby hindering discovery). Clustermarket co-founder and CEO Johannes Solzbach says: _"Before Clustermarket, a scientist who required a mass spectrometer (a piece of equipment most commonly used in life science research) would have had to pay up to half a million GPB on top of other equipment needed._ _Through Clustermarket they now have access to this type of equipment on demand, thereby enabling more research and removing barriers to entry._ _We are proud to be the frontrunners in the democratisation of scientific research, which traditionally has had its reins held by massive institutions and corporations._ _By launching Clustermarket we have initiated change in the research process, making it faster and affordable, and creating a better outlook for all in the industry by providing a platform for collaboration and innovation." _ In the first stage of its journey Clustermarket has secured a partnership with Merck, the international developer, manufacturer and distributor of pharmaceuticals. Merck Accelerator says: _"We are delighted to partner with the UK¹s first sharing platform for life_ _Sciences via our Accelerator program. The partnership enables Merck to support the grassroots of scientific research - an area which traditionally has held large financial barriers to entry due to the expensive costs of acquiring lab equipment and expertise. _ _We are confident the partnership with Clustermarket will enable a_ _whole new shared economy and unprecedented access for life science research, in turn fostering new levels of breakthrough and understanding." _ -ends- Contact: *Media and press enquiries:* Melissa Gilmour Lily & Piper melissa@lilyandpiper.com [2] *Business enquiries contact:* Johannes Solzbach CEO jsolzbach@clustermarket.com www.clustermarket.com *About Clustermarket* Clustermarket is an online sharing platform for all stakeholders to list, discover and book technology, lab equipment and expertise within their institution or cluster. Clustermarket increases innovation by supporting collaboration and transparency. Dissemination of a UK FINANCIAL NEWS, transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. End of Announcement - EQS News Service 542481 07-Feb-2017 1: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=39c49576e422d958003382d45ed905db&application_id=542481&site_id=vwd&application_name=news 2: mailto:melissa@lilyandpiper.com === (END) Dow Jones Newswires February 07, 2017 09:40 ET (14:40 GMT) Meistgelesen Datum Meldung 10.02. MÄRKTE USA/Mit Steuerfantasie erneut auf Rekordhoch 10.02. Lastwagen-Chef Bernhard muss Daimler verlassen 10.02. ROUNDUP/Aktien New York Schluss: Präsident Trump hält die Börsen auf Rekordfahrt 10.02. dpa-AFX Überblick: ANALYSTEN-EINSTUFUNGEN der Woche vom 06. bis 10.02.2017 10.02. Devisen: Eurokurs im weiteren US-Handelslauf nur wenig bewegt weitere oft gelesene Nachrichten Werbung Weitere News von Dow Jones Newswire Web Datum Meldung 06:15 HINWEIS/Abkürzungen bei Dow Jones Newswires Deutschland 02:30 Impressum 10.02. PRESSEMITTEILUNG/MYNEWSDESK Medienhinweis: Bombardier wird am 16.Februar2017 seine Finanzergebnisse für das 4.Quartal und das Geschäftsjahr 2016 bekanntgeben (mit Bildern) 10.02. PTA-Adhoc: Gebr. Sanders GmbH und Co. KG: Einigung mit strategischem Investor zur Durchführung einer übertragenden Sanierung 10.02. NACHBÖRSE (22:00)/XDAX unv. bei 11.664 Punkten Topthemen Datum Meldung 10:28 VW-Personalchef: Durch E-Autos weniger Jobs im Autobau 09:13 US-Topnotenbanker tritt zurück - Mehr Spielraum für Trump 10.02. Lastwagen-Chef Bernhard muss Daimler verlassen 10.02. Dax knapp im Plus - MDax mit Rekordmarke 10.02. Billigflieger legen zum Sommer kräftig zu weitere Topthemen Werbung Presseschau Datum Meldung 10.02. boerse.ARD.de Dow zeigt dem Dax wie es geht 10.02. Kraftstoffpreise: Wer abends tankt, der spart 10.02. boerse.ARD.de Der Dax ist ein Underperformer 10.02. Opec-Förderbremse: Die Welt produziert deutlich weniger Öl 10.02. Dollar und Yen: Währungsplausch auf dem Grün zur Presseschau Länderüberblick zu Länder & Regionen Weitere News zu... Wertpapieren: Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Derivate Branchen: Automobile Banken Chemie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleistungen Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherungen Weitere Branchen... Kommentare: Ronald Gehrt Ralf Goerke Investmentecke Emittenten Themen: Marktberichte Wirtschaft & Politik Länder & Regionen Topthemen Panorama Geld & Vorsorge Werbung Das ATB Tagesgeldkonto - Transparenz für Ihr Geld |Jetzt Wünsche erfüllen mit dem PrivatKredit der Degussa Bank. |Top Baufinanzierung bei der Degussa Bank Bid & Ask Newsletter kostenlos lesen! Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Lehrreiche Webinare, informatives Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Werbung Pushverbindungen werden nach 20 Minuten automatisch getrennt. Verzögerungszeiten: Kurs, Bid/Ask realtime Kurs verzögert, Bid/Ask realtime +15 Min. +20 Min. etc. Schlusskurs oder Spotkurs Nie mehr ein Update dieser Seite verpassen, finanztreff.de RSS-Feeds abonnieren! Investmentecke Topthemen Marktberichte Insidertrades Empfehlungen Nachrichten Adhoc Wirtschaft & Politik Sport Suchen & Finden auf finanztreff.de Aktien Chartsignale Aktienvergleich Fonds Top Service Fonds ETF ETF-Vergleich ETC Anleihen Mittelstandsanleihen Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Indizes Indizes Deutschland DAX Realtime Devisen Crossrates Währungsrechner Rohstoffpreise Top-Nachrichten Musterdepot & Watchlist kostenlose Realtimekurse Planspiel Börse mobile Tools von finanztreff.de und vwd finanztreff.de mobil finanztreff.de iPhone App Wissenstests, Hilfe & Börsenlexikon auf finanztreff.de Hilfe Lexika: Börsenlexikon Fondslexikon Wissenstests: Aktien Fonds Zertifikate Hebelprodukte Über finanztreff.de Impressum Nutzungshinweise Kontakt Verzögerungszeiten Inhaltelizenzierung Mediadaten Jobs © 2017 vwd netsolutions GmbH part of the vwd.com vwdgroup.ch moneyspecial.de QuickChart Quicknews Umfrage Neu/Blog Empfehlen Neue Newsletter Aktualisieren Exklusives Angebot Diese Seite empfehlenschliessen Interessant, oder? Teilen Sie diese Seite auf Facebook, Google+ oder Twitter Aktuelle Umfrageschliessen Deutschland exportiert so viel wie noch nie - neues Futter für Trump. Wird er uns in die Parade fahren? Ja, mögliche Handelsvorteile zu Lasten der USA will er bekämpfen. Nein, auf einen Handelskrieg wird er sich nicht einlassen. Jetzt abstimmen! Alle Umfragen ansehen Börse Stuttgart Anlegerclubschliessen Attraktive Preise zu gewinnen! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart verlost beim Gewinnspiel "Trade & Win" regelmäßig attraktive Preise. Außerdem profitieren Mitglieder von lehrreichen Live-Webinaren, einem informativen Anlegermagazin und vielem mehr. Jetzt kostenlos Mitglied werden
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Cinema-Showbiz NTR's widow to move court if biopic shows Naidu as hero Yoga can help relieve back pain Business Standard IVF a blessing, Farah Khan urges couples who can't conceive IANS  |  Mumbai  February 7, 2017 Last Updated at 14:32 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTMU8d ALSO READ Deepika has become a fabulous actor, says Farah Khan Not making a sequel of 'Main Hoon Naa': Farah Khan Nothing derogatory about 'item numbers': Farah Khan Bollywood sans song and dance will become like Hollywood: Farah Khan (IANS Interview) Farah Khan loved Hrithik in 'Mohenjo Daro' (Movie Snippets) Director-choreographer Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can't conceive to go for specialized treatment, and says she herself underwent the IVF procedure which proved to be a blessing for her. Farah, who is married to Shirish Kunder, said they had failed attempts of trying to have a baby naturally for two years, before they went for the IVF treatment. Now they are parents to triplets -- one son, and two daughters. "IVF is a blessing and I am really thankful as it has changed my life. A lot of factors today make it difficult for some couples to conceive, but we have solutions in the form of treatments. And I strongly believe in IVF, it helped me conceive my angels. "Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too," Farah, who became a mother at the age of 43, said in a statement. The 52-year-old in association with Merck, pioneers in treatment of infertility, recently released a video for the cause. It features a personal memoir of Farah's journey to parenthood. She shares a vivid recollection of her fears, challenges, doubts and ultimately her story of hope, belief and positivity towards IVF that led her to become a mother. Merck released this video as part of their 'Parents of Fertility' awareness initiative that helps and supports couples in India through this journey of parenthood. Speaking about the campaign, Anand Nambiar, Managing Director, Merck India, said: "We are happy to share that our awareness efforts now have a new face and voice with actor, director and choreographer Farah Khan, coming on board as a Cause Ambassador for our 'Parents of Fertility' digital awareness initiative. "Merck has taken many small steps over the years to spread awareness on infertility as we understand that seeking treatment is emotionally and physically challenging. With this video we expect to reach out to millions of couples seeking help with the message that infertility can be dealt with and one should not lose hope and seek help of specialists to fulfil their dream." --IANS nv/rb/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Farah Khan | News-ians | Cinema-showbiz PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? IVF a blessing, Farah Khan urges couples who can't conceive Director-choreographer Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can't conceive to go for specialized treatment, and says she herself underwent the IVF procedure which proved to be a blessing for her. Director-choreographer Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can't conceive to go for specialized treatment, and says she herself underwent the IVF procedure which proved to be a blessing for her. Farah, who is married to Shirish Kunder, said they had failed attempts of trying to have a baby naturally for two years, before they went for the IVF treatment. Now they are parents to triplets -- one son, and two daughters. "IVF is a blessing and I am really thankful as it has changed my life. A lot of factors today make it difficult for some couples to conceive, but we have solutions in the form of treatments. And I strongly believe in IVF, it helped me conceive my angels. "Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too," Farah, who became a mother at the age of 43, said in a statement. The 52-year-old in association with Merck, pioneers in treatment of infertility, recently released a video for the cause. It features a personal memoir of Farah's journey to parenthood. She shares a vivid recollection of her fears, challenges, doubts and ultimately her story of hope, belief and positivity towards IVF that led her to become a mother. Merck released this video as part of their 'Parents of Fertility' awareness initiative that helps and supports couples in India through this journey of parenthood. Speaking about the campaign, Anand Nambiar, Managing Director, Merck India, said: "We are happy to share that our awareness efforts now have a new face and voice with actor, director and choreographer Farah Khan, coming on board as a Cause Ambassador for our 'Parents of Fertility' digital awareness initiative. "Merck has taken many small steps over the years to spread awareness on infertility as we understand that seeking treatment is emotionally and physically challenging. With this video we expect to reach out to millions of couples seeking help with the message that infertility can be dealt with and one should not lose hope and seek help of specialists to fulfil their dream." --IANS nv/rb/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 IVF a blessing, Farah Khan urges couples who can't conceive Director-choreographer Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can't conceive to go for specialized treatment, and says she herself underwent the IVF procedure which proved to be a blessing for her. Farah, who is married to Shirish Kunder, said they had failed attempts of trying to have a baby naturally for two years, before they went for the IVF treatment. Now they are parents to triplets -- one son, and two daughters. "IVF is a blessing and I am really thankful as it has changed my life. A lot of factors today make it difficult for some couples to conceive, but we have solutions in the form of treatments. And I strongly believe in IVF, it helped me conceive my angels. "Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too," Farah, who became a mother at the age of 43, said in a statement. The 52-year-old in association with Merck, pioneers in treatment of infertility, recently released a video for the cause. It features a personal memoir of Farah's journey to parenthood. She shares a vivid recollection of her fears, challenges, doubts and ultimately her story of hope, belief and positivity towards IVF that led her to become a mother. Merck released this video as part of their 'Parents of Fertility' awareness initiative that helps and supports couples in India through this journey of parenthood. Speaking about the campaign, Anand Nambiar, Managing Director, Merck India, said: "We are happy to share that our awareness efforts now have a new face and voice with actor, director and choreographer Farah Khan, coming on board as a Cause Ambassador for our 'Parents of Fertility' digital awareness initiative. "Merck has taken many small steps over the years to spread awareness on infertility as we understand that seeking treatment is emotionally and physically challenging. With this video we expect to reach out to millions of couples seeking help with the message that infertility can be dealt with and one should not lose hope and seek help of specialists to fulfil their dream." --IANS nv/rb/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Budget 2017 SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others IVF a blessing, Farah Khan urges couples who can't conceive IVF a blessing, Farah Khan urges couples who can't conceive Source : Last Updated: Tue, Feb 07, 2017 14:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print Mumbai, Feb 7 (IANS) Director-choreographer Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can't conceive to go for specialized treatment, and says she herself underwent the IVF procedure which proved to be a blessing for her. Farah, who is married to Shirish Kunder, said they had failed attempts of trying to have a baby naturally for two years, before they went for the IVF treatment. Now they are parents to triplets -- one son, and two daughters. "IVF is a blessing and I am really thankful as it has changed my life. A lot of factors today make it difficult for some couples to conceive, but we have solutions in the form of treatments. And I strongly believe in IVF, it helped me conceive my angels. "Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too," Farah, who became a mother at the age of 43, said in a statement. The 52-year-old in association with Merck, pioneers in treatment of infertility, recently released a video for the cause. It features a personal memoir of Farah's journey to parenthood. She shares a vivid recollection of her fears, challenges, doubts and ultimately her story of hope, belief and positivity towards IVF that led her to become a mother. Merck released this video as part of their 'Parents of Fertility' awareness initiative that helps and supports couples in India through this journey of parenthood. Speaking about the campaign, Anand Nambiar, Managing Director, Merck India, said: "We are happy to share that our awareness efforts now have a new face and voice with actor, director and choreographer Farah Khan, coming on board as a Cause Ambassador for our 'Parents of Fertility' digital awareness initiative. "Merck has taken many small steps over the years to spread awareness on infertility as we understand that seeking treatment is emotionally and physically challenging. With this video we expect to reach out to millions of couples seeking help with the message that infertility can be dealt with and one should not lose hope and seek help of specialists to fulfil their dream." --IANS nv/rb/vm SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Are F-16s a good choice for the Indian Air Force? Modi and Manmohan are both raincoat rulers Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Congress sees BJP hand in OPS's revolt against Sasikala Chennai Oil Spill: Fishermen bear the brunt of the accident About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Nicole Latimer appointed CEO of The StayWell Company Nicole Latimer appointed CEO of The StayWell Company Posted on February 6, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Latimer, who joined StayWell in 2016 as president, will succeed Bill Goldberg Yardley, PA (PRWEB) February 06, 2017 The StayWell Company announced today that Nicole Latimer will assume the position of CEO, effective March 1. Latimer succeeds Bill Goldberg, who has decided to step down from his position after successfully leading the organization during his five-year tenure with StayWell and its former parent company, MediMedia USA. Latimer joined StayWell in 2016 and brings many years of strategic business consulting, research and product development leadership, and market strategy expertise to the position. In her time as president of the company, Latimer brought a commercial orientation to the solutions StayWell delivers, which contributed to the company’s financial growth. StayWell experienced significant success in 2016, including the company’s recapitalization, through which Healthcare Services & Solutions, LLC (“HSS”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., acquired a majority stake in The StayWell Company. “Nicole has a keen understanding and insight into the role of technology in the future of health care and changing consumer preferences and behaviors that drive the way people interact with health care providers and manage their health and well-being,” said Guy Eiferman, Managing Director, HSS. According to Eiferman, StayWell will continue on a path of innovation and momentum by offering even more digital options that meet people — patients and employees — where they live, work and play, and that make it easy for them to access health solutions in formats that enable around-the-clock health engagement. “The challenges facing the health care industry and our nation’s economy are very real. StayWell will remain focused on developing solutions that take a comprehensive approach to improving health outcomes and managing the health of specific populations, while driving brand engagement for health care providers and employer clients,” said Latimer. Goldberg, who has led StayWell since 2014 and MediMedia since 2011, contributed to the company’s strength and momentum, increasing resources for growth, and guiding a solid management team and organizational structure to enhance the StayWell client experience. His last day as CEO will be Feb. 28; however, he will continue to support the organization through June 30. ### About StayWell StayWell is a health solutions company that uses the science of behavior change to help people live happier, healthier lives. StayWell brings decades of experience working across the health care industry to design solutions for improving individual and organizational health outcomes, managing the health of targeted populations, and creating brand engagement for employers and health care organizations. StayWell programs have received numerous top industry honors, including the C. Everett Koop National Health Award and the Web Health Award for health engagement programs. StayWell also has received URAC and NCQA accreditation for several of its programs. StayWell is majority-owned by Healthcare Services & Solutions, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA (“Merck”). The company is headquartered in Yardley, Pennsylvania, and also has major locations in Salt Lake City, Utah, and St. Paul, Minn. To learn more, visit http://www.staywell.com. About Merck For over a century, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit http://www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (http://www.sec.gov). Media contact Barbara Tabor, APR / 651-230-9192 / barbara(at)taborPR.com For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/02/prweb14041264.htm Latest News Mazzitti & Sullivan Counseling Services Launches New Website Introducing the First Guitar Stand ​That Fits in the Palm of Your Hand Cablefax is Now Accepting Entries for The FAXIES Awards; Entry Deadline March 3 A’ Photography Awards 2017 is Looking for Photographers with Outstanding Works who are Aiming at Getting Global Fame and Recognition Paso Robles Plumber Quality 1st Plumbing Announces Special Discount For Local Veterans Pixel Film Studios Announces TransFocus Layers for Final Cut Pro X Vernon Computer Source Offering $2,000 Scholarship National Debt Relief Explains When Debt Consolidation Is A Good And Bad Idea Uncorked Wine Tours Releases “Top Paso Robles Wine Tour Stops” List for 2017 Credit2B Announces Addition of Chief Product Officer © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate Art By Children programme reaches 2000 students V. Sajeev Kumar comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Kochi, Feb 6:   Art By Children (ABC) -- the outreach programme powered by Merck in association with Kochi Muziris Biennale and supported by the State Education Department -- has successfully completed the first phase. The programme has reached out to over 2000 students across 40 schools across the state. It aims to reach 100 schools across all the 14 districts and engage over 5,000 children and school teachers through the artist facilitators until March 2017. Anand Nambiar, Managing Director, Merck India, told reporters here that ABC is a programme that aligns perfectly with the company’s commitment to promote healthy living and spark the curiosity and innovation in young minds. Educational art is considered vital to the cognitive development of children and ABC is a tool that tries to bridge the gap between health and creativity. “We are happy with the success of ABC until now and look forward to the milestone of 100 schools”, he added. Riyas Komu, Director of Programmes, Kochi Muziris Biennale said they are happy to initiate ABC with support of Merck to reach out to children and empower them with art education. The ABC Gallery at the Aspinwall House is the country’s first art exhibition dedicated to the work by children which was inaugurated by Pinarayi Vijayan, the State Chief Minister. The exhibition has a new set of works by the children of ABC programme are displayed every few weeks. (This article was published on February 6, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS Kerala | Kochi | economy, business and finance | events | teaching and learning | students | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. BusinessLine Special: India at 70 Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire How the Godrej Group channelled the swadeshi spirit at home, and then went global » The Godrej rhyme The Godrej rhyme This poem, which traces the evolution of the Godrej Group in the early days, was read by Nadir Godrej in 1997, the centenary of the Group’s founding, at the inauguration of a research centre named af... » This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan India Cements Managing Director N Srinivasan walks R Balaji through the company’s journey over seven decades.How have India Cements and the domestic cement indust... » India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ It is the produce from India Cements’ factories that have gone into building iconic Indian landmarks » Read More » Most Popular MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Solar tariffs crash below ₹3/kWhr in MP auctions MLAs will prove their support in Assembly: OPS Supreme Court declines urgent hearing on PIL against Sasikala Opinion polls predict a cliffhanger contest in UP Hyderabad Clean Air Authority to be set up soon An acid test for Vidyasagar Rao Karzai stresses on the need for a South Asian ‘strategic arc’ Wait for new CM continues in TN Sasikala to meet Governor, stake claim to form govt: K Pandiarajan Mughal Gardens to open from Feb 5 Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Commodity market development needs focused regulatory push, Jaitley tells SEBI 19 min. ago Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-point common minimum programme for UP 44 min. ago Sasikala seeks appointment with Governor today 55 min. ago ITC plans to set up mutli-speciality hospitals 1 hr. 8 min. ago TN Education Minister Pandiarajan joins Panneerselvam camp 1 hr. 47 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in National Activists slam Uma Bharti over ‘torture rapists’ remark Says ‘demons’ do not enjoy human rights » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Merck’s Q4 Earnings Aren’t Enough for Investors By Chris Lange February 2, 2017 9:05 am EST Print Email Tweet Merck & Co. (NYSE: MRK) reported its fourth-quarter financial results before the markets opened on Thursday. The company posted $0.89 in earnings per share (EPS) and $10.12 billion in revenue, versus consensus estimates of $0.89 in EPS and revenue of $10.22 billion. In the same period of last year, the pharma giant posted EPS of $0.93 and $10.22 billion in revenue. Fourth-quarter pharmaceutical sales decreased 1% to $8.9 billion, primarily due to the loss of U.S. market exclusivity in 2016 for Cubicin, Nasonex and Zetia. However, these declines were largely offset by growth in oncology, hepatitis C, diabetes and vaccines, which include the ongoing launches of Keytruda and Zepatier. Animal Health sales totaled $884 million for the fourth quarter of 2016, an increase of 6% when compared year over year. In terms of the guidance for the 2017 full year, the company expects EPS to be in the range of $3.72 to $3.87 and revenues to be between $38.6 billion and $40.1 billion. The consensus estimates call for $3.83 in EPS and $40.13 billion in revenue. During this quarter, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved a supplemental Biologics License Application for Keytruda for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression. Kenneth C. Frazier, board chair and chief executive of Merck, commented: The performance of Merck’s broad and balanced portfolio allows us to remain committed to biomedical innovation that saves and improves lives and delivers long-term value to shareholders. The momentum behind our pipeline and key product launches, including the continued growth and expansion of KEYTRUDA into new indications and markets around the world, further reinforces our company’s strategic direction. Shares of Merck closed Wednesday at $62.10, in a 52-week trading range of $47.97 to $65.46. Following the release of the earnings report, the stock was relatively flat in early trading indications Thursday. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Boeing, Lockheed: Mano a Mano for Air Force T-X Contract? Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Acacia, Facebook, Lululemon, Shutterfly, Transocean, United Rentals, Urban Outfitters and More » Read more: Healthcare Business, Earnings, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes The 25 Healthiest Cities in America Merrill Lynch Has 4 Stocks Rated Buy With Yields of 8% and More The Richest Town in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Biostage, Fossil Group Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Caterpillar, Nike Push Dow Higher Friday 20 Groceries Driving Up Your Bill the Most Is Your Valentine True? Warning About Costly Sweetheart Swindles Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Infinera's Sales Fall, but the Bottom Might Be in Sight Console Wars 2017: Will Sony or Microsoft Win? Nasdaq Composite Index logs an all-time closing high of 5,734, up 0.3% S&P 500 closes up 0.4% at a record close of 2,316 Dow finishes at a record 2,270, up 0.5% Will Health Insurers Face the Music of Trump's Policies? Dow 30 Stock Roundup: Coca-Cola, Disney, Visa Beat on Earnings QuickLogic (QUIK) to Post Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards? Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Wall Street Week Ahead: Energy Stocks Look for Catalyst out of Doldrums 'I Am Jazz' Transgender Doll To Debut At NYC Toy Fair Bay Area Floats 'Sanctuary In Transit Policy' To Protect Commuting Immigrants T.J. Maxx Customers And Employees Sound Off On Ivanka Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO Assembly Elections 2017 News » Health Farah Khan encourages couples who can't conceive to opt for IVF; calls it a 'blessing' By Zee Media Bureau | Last Updated: Tuesday, February 7, 2017 - 20:43 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Farah Khan with her three children Anya, Diva and Czar. Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: Gone are the days when the term 'In Vitro Fertilization' came with an attached stigma. Today, more and more couples who are experiencing problems in conceiving through natural process, are opting for IVF. IVF is the process of manually combining an egg and sperm in a laboratory dish, and then transferring the embryo to the uterus. Bollywood's ace director-choreographer and reality show judge Farah Khan is one celebrity who went for IVF after marriage and gave birth to triplets – two daughters and a son. Now, voicing her experience with the IVF process, Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can't conceive to give IVF a chance. Calling IVF a blessing, Khan who is married to Shirish Kunder recalled how they had failed attempts of trying to have a baby naturally for two years, before they went for the IVF treatment. She said, "IVF is a blessing and I am really thankful as it has changed my life. A lot of factors today make it difficult for some couples to conceive, but we have solutions in the form of treatments. And I strongly believe in IVF, it helped me conceive my angels. "Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too," Farah, who became a mother at the age of 43, said in a statement. The 52-year-old in association with Merck, pioneers in treatment of infertility, recently released a video for the cause. It features a personal memoir of Farah's journey to parenthood. She shares a vivid recollection of her fears, challenges, doubts and ultimately her story of hope, belief and positivity towards IVF that led her to become a mother. Merck released this video as part of their 'Parents of Fertility' awareness initiative that helps and supports couples in India through this journey of parenthood. Speaking about the campaign, Anand Nambiar, Managing Director, Merck India, said: "We are happy to share that our awareness efforts now have a new face and voice with actor, director and choreographer Farah Khan, coming on board as a Cause Ambassador for our 'Parents of Fertility' digital awareness initiative. "Merck has taken many small steps over the years to spread awareness on infertility as we understand that seeking treatment is emotionally and physically challenging. With this video we expect to reach out to millions of couples seeking help with the message that infertility can be dealt with and one should not lose hope and seek help of specialists to fulfil their dream." (With IANS inputs) First Published: Tuesday, February 7, 2017 - 18:57 More from zeenews   India Jallikattu held in Alanganallur, 47 injured Chinese soldier who crossed over to fly back home after 5 decades Give evidence to back allegation against Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis deal: SC to Swamy More from India World Donald Trump's U-turn on Taiwan shows he is learning, says Chinese media United States postpone eight executions amid legal battle Islamic State fighter - first Australian to be stripped of citizenship More from World Sports Virat Kohli credits his record-breaking spree to fitness, captaincy responsibility On Anil Kumble’s advice, Bangladesh Board approach Sunil Joshi for spin coach job Sunil Gavaskar, Wriddhiman Saha reveal why Virat Kohli didn't use DRS despite doubting umpire's decision More from Sports Entertainment Badrinath Ki Dulhania: Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt rock the 90s anthem 'Tamma Tamma' Jolly LLB 2 Day 1 box office collection: Akshay Kumar's powerful performance rakes in Rs 13 cr Swara Bhaskar's 'Anaarkali of Arrah' teaser to be launched by Sonam Kapoor More from Entertaiment Health World's heaviest woman weighing 500 kilograms lands in Mumbai for bariatric surgery Health a socio-cultural issue in India, difficult to address it: Expert Swine flu death toll on the rise in Telangana More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Can PM Modi's remarks on Manmohan Singh be termed as 'disrespectful' towards Parliament? MP: ATS arrests 4 people, who helped Pak’s ISI to spy on Indian military operations Watch - How currency notes are being wasted during a religious program in Gujarat West Bengal: Many hurt in clash between rival groups of TMC's student wing DNA: Why did India outrage against 'JNU anti-nationals' on this day last year? WATCH: That is what you call a DRS blunder! Bangladesh went for review but ball came out of middle of bat BJP records huge victory, wins all three MLC seats in Uttar Pradesh Superstar Rajinikanth planning to launch political party? India vs Bangladesh: With a killer smile, Virat Kohli gets in the business of 'perfection' — VIDEOS INSIDE Near Escape! Bangladesh skipper Mushfiqur Rahim almost took a blunder DRS call – WATCH TAGS In vitro fertilization IVF Fertility process Farah Khan Shirish Kunder Farah Khan children Top Videos Election commission authorities distribute roses to voters in Bagpat Mumbai: Basement of Tata memorial cancer hospital catches fire Voters of 'Naglakothi' boycott assembly elections in UP Press Conference of Rahul Gandhi, Akhilesh Yadav in Lucknow - Watch contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Feb 11, 2017-Saturday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini ‘IVF is a blessing’, Farah Khan urges couples who can’t conceive to try it health and fitness Updated: Feb 07, 2017 16:14 IST IANS Mumbai Farah has three children with husband Shirish Kunder- daughters Diva and Anya and son Czar(Instagram) Director-choreographer Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can’t conceive to go for specialized treatment, and says she herself underwent the IVF procedure which proved to be a blessing for her. Farah, who is married to film-maker Shirish Kunder, said they had failed attempts of trying to have a baby naturally for two years, before they went for IVF treatment. Now they are parents to triplets – one son and two daughters. My daughter Anya informs me that actually a pizza man delivered her to me! Gone are the days of the Stork!😂 A photo posted by @farahkhankunder on Aug 13, 2016 at 11:34pm PDT “IVF is a blessing and I am really thankful as it has changed my life. A lot of factors today make it difficult for some couples to conceive, but we have solutions in the form of treatments. And I strongly believe in IVF, it helped me conceive my angels. “Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too,” Farah, who became a mother at the age of 43, said in a statement. Attack of the Clones!!😆Times square #Americanholiday A photo posted by @farahkhankunder on Jul 6, 2016 at 5:36am PDT The 52-year-old in association with Merck, pioneers in treatment of infertility, recently released a video for the cause. It features a personal account of Farah’s journey to parenthood. She shares a vivid recollection of her fears, challenges, doubts and ultimately her story of hope, belief and positivity towards IVF that led her to become a mother. Merck released this video as part of their ‘Parents of Fertility’ awareness initiative that helps and supports couples in India through this journey of parenthood. Modern day sleeping beauties.. They don't wait for a prince.. They rescue each other.. A photo posted by @farahkhankunder on Jan 29, 2016 at 8:37pm PST Speaking about the campaign, Anand Nambiar, managing director, Merck India, said: “We are happy to share that our awareness efforts now have a new face and voice with actor, director and choreographer Farah Khan, coming on board as a Cause Ambassador for our ‘Parents of Fertility’ digital awareness initiative.” My animal lover activist daughter Anya.. N the puppy she wants to adopt.. Hmmmmmmmm A photo posted by @farahkhankunder on Jan 15, 2016 at 7:18pm PST “Merck has taken many small steps over the years to spread awareness on infertility as we understand that seeking treatment is emotionally and physically challenging. With this video we expect to reach out to millions of couples seeking help with the message that infertility can be dealt with and one should not lose hope and seek help of specialists to fulfil their dream.” Happy birthday #harrypotter .. Also @_jk.rowling taught my kids to believe in magic A photo posted by @farahkhankunder on Jul 30, 2016 at 8:39pm PDT Follow @htlifeandstyle for more. Read more Green tea may help people combat bone-marrow disorders, finds study Here’s why you should eat more pasta: It’s the new superfood tags FaraH Khan Shirish Kunder IVF treatment Parenting Triplets more from health-and-fitness Not just meat but legumes, nuts and Kale can also give you big muscles Feb 11, 2017 09:40 IST Having fruits and vegetables can drive away depression in just two weeks Feb 11, 2017 09:13 IST Recommended for you Presenting sponsor co-sponsor partner India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Patient critical after Jharkhand doctors use cloth thread to sew wound Feb 11, 2017 11:44 IST BJP leader Sangeet Som’s brother detained for carrying pistol inside poll booth Feb 11, 2017 11:33 IST The slow death of Kanpur’s leather economy and UP’s job crisis Feb 11, 2017 11:41 IST Sudarsan Pattnaik creates Guinness World Record for making tallest sand castle Feb 11, 2017 11:42 IST US agency helps CBI track 125 unidentified impersonators accused in MP’s Vyapam... Feb 11, 2017 11:04 IST Nalanda Univ chancellor Bhatkar to head panel for appointment of VC Feb 11, 2017 10:36 IST From collision to cover up: The inside story of the Chennai oil spill Feb 11, 2017 09:59 IST Chinese, US military airplanes have ‘unsafe’ encounter over South China Sea Feb 11, 2017 11:04 IST Four killed, several injured in earthquake in Philippines, buildings damaged Feb 11, 2017 10:54 IST UK drops hundreds of soldiers misconduct claims over Iraq, Afghan wars Feb 11, 2017 10:46 IST Trump travel ban kills surgeon’s lifesaving trip to Iran Feb 11, 2017 10:40 IST 500 kg Egyptian woman Eman Ahmed reaches Mumbai for surgery Feb 11, 2017 10:36 IST After legal setback, Trump says considering ‘brand new’ immigration order Feb 11, 2017 10:30 IST Chinese soldier, who strayed to India, waited 54 years for bowl of spicy, Shaanxi... Feb 11, 2017 10:08 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Circular asking students to pay respects to freedom fighters, parents on Feb 14, withdrawn Feb 11, 2017 11:15 IST Nalanda Univ chancellor Bhatkar to head panel for appointment of VC Feb 11, 2017 10:36 IST Cafe owners irked as rooftop shutdown at Connaught Place hits businesses Feb 11, 2017 08:33 IST AAP govt and Delhi education: A look at the hits, misses and future plans Feb 11, 2017 09:08 IST Two years of AAP: Govt push puts schools back on learning curve Feb 11, 2017 08:18 IST Maharashtra CM Fadnavis says no danger to his govt, confident of full term Feb 11, 2017 09:25 IST UP election: How BJP changes its narrative within 50 kms, from Hindutva to secu... Feb 11, 2017 07:42 IST After Versova mangrove destruction case, Mumbai suburban collector ready with action... Feb 11, 2017 01:11 IST Mumbai: Get ready to pay up to 200% more for parking Feb 11, 2017 01:10 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Can the low-key Akhilesh Yadav win the high-stakes UP battle? Feb 11, 2017 06:56 IST Green card blues are here to stay . Feb 10, 2017 21:17 IST Who’s afraid of the Naga Mothers? . Feb 10, 2017 21:21 IST JNU a year after: Belying predictions, campus politics is thriving. Here’s why Feb 10, 2017 17:39 IST SWOT analysis: Panneerselvam has the strength to defeat Sasikala, but his weaknesses... Feb 10, 2017 20:51 IST AB de Villiers aims to settle scores in South Africa’s tour of New Zealand Feb 11, 2017 11:41 IST Pakistan Super League 2017: Eoin Morgan 80* gives Peshawar Zalmi thumping win Feb 11, 2017 10:50 IST Pakistan Super League 2017: Quetta Gladiators beat Lahore Qalandars by 8 runs Feb 11, 2017 10:20 IST South Africa whitewash Sri Lanka 5-0, go on top of ICC ODI rankings Feb 11, 2017 09:10 IST Live cricket score, India vs Bangladesh, Day 3 live: BAN 113/4, trail by 574 Feb 11, 2017 11:24 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa AB de Villiers aims to settle scores in South Africa’s tour of New Zealand Feb 11, 2017 11:41 IST Arsene Wenger may quit after 2016-17 season, says Arsenal FC legend Ian Wright Feb 11, 2017 10:48 IST Pakistan Super League 2017: Eoin Morgan 80* gives Peshawar Zalmi thumping win Feb 11, 2017 10:50 IST Pakistan Super League 2017: Quetta Gladiators beat Lahore Qalandars by 8 runs Feb 11, 2017 10:20 IST Tottenham Hotspur keen to put Liverpool FC’s title ambitions to bed: Harry Kane Feb 11, 2017 09:52 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid The Ghazi Attack glorifies the Navy, giving them the due credit: Rana Daggubati Feb 11, 2017 11:20 IST Gigi Hadid tried to play cool on first date with Zayn, called him ‘cute’ in 10 ... Feb 11, 2017 11:02 IST Shia LaBeouf vs Donald Trump: Actor’s art exhibit shut down in New York Feb 11, 2017 11:08 IST Matt Reeves, not Ben Affleck, will direct the next Batman movie Feb 11, 2017 10:59 IST Dev Patel’s Lion’s newspaper ad with Sunny Pawar targets Trump’s travel ban Feb 11, 2017 10:52 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend Not just meat but legumes, nuts and Kale can also give you big muscles Feb 11, 2017 09:40 IST Having fruits and vegetables can drive away depression in just two weeks Feb 11, 2017 09:13 IST Now, a ‘miracle pill’ for the treatment of high blood pressure Feb 11, 2017 08:48 IST Anjali Lama, first transgender model at LFW, moves to Mumbai: Never been so busy Feb 11, 2017 08:59 IST Barking up the right tree: Review of The Book of Indian Dogs by S Theodore Bask... Feb 11, 2017 08:43 IST WhatsApp two step verification: Here are four reasons to not use the new feature Feb 11, 2017 11:44 IST Your OnePlus 3 and 3T to have improved camera, smart Wi-Fi switcher and more Feb 10, 2017 21:08 IST GST Council will have to decide on Apple’s make in India demands, says govt Feb 10, 2017 20:51 IST WhatsApp two-step verification now live on Android, iPhones and Windows Feb 11, 2017 11:36 IST Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone 8 may support wireless charging Feb 10, 2017 20:31 IST BHIM app registration crossed 140 lakh: Prasad Feb 10, 2017 19:46 IST Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp are all selling you to be able to sell to you Feb 10, 2017 13:13 IST From 2018, single exam for engineering and architecture across India Feb 10, 2017 21:10 IST IIM Kozhikode Post Graduate Programme batch records 100% placements Feb 10, 2017 16:47 IST Directors of 10 IIMs, including IIM Bangalore, appointed Feb 11, 2017 00:02 IST Medical admissions in Gujarat to be given on pro-rata basis under NEET: Govt Feb 10, 2017 15:25 IST Meet students from IIM Lucknow who refused jobs to chase their dreams Feb 10, 2017 15:13 IST Celebrating splendour and class at the ‘21 Gun Salute’ vintage car rally Feb 10, 2017 19:55 IST Muzaffarnagar riots: Three years on, no conviction in gang rape cases Feb 10, 2017 17:11 IST As campaigning draws to a close, Uttar Pradesh gears up to vote Feb 09, 2017 19:43 IST Preparations on for the Jallikattu bull-taming event Feb 08, 2017 21:01 IST Jat protests: Clamour for reservation grows Feb 08, 2017 16:31 IST U.P. Elections 2017: Senior, specially-abled citizens cast their vote Feb 11, 2017 11:40 IST Candidate arrives on ‘arthi’ to file his nomination Feb 10, 2017 15:39 IST 49 bull-tamers injured during Jallikattu in Madurai Feb 10, 2017 12:30 IST Congress leaders react to PM Modi’s ‘raincoat’ remark Feb 09, 2017 18:40 IST On the Move: Boatmen of UP grapple for identity Feb 09, 2017 11:28 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories
Nanobiotix recrute un senior executive de l’industrie pharmaceutique au poste de Chief Operating Officer Spécialisé en oncologie, il dirigera les opérations et la commercialisation du produit NBTXR3 February 07, 2017 02:44 AM Eastern Standard Time PARIS & CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: NANOBIOTIX (Paris:NANO) (Euronext: NANO – ISIN: FR0011341205), société française pionnière en nanomédecine développant de nouvelles approches thérapeutiques pour le traitement local du cancer, annonce aujourd’hui le recrutement d’Alain Dostie, en tant que Chief Operating Officer (COO). Alain Dostie dirigera les opérations de Nanobiotix. Ces activités incluent le développement clinique, la production, l’accès au marché et la commercialisation de NBTXR3 dont le marquage CE pourrait être obtenu en 2017. Précédemment, Alain Dostie était le « General Manager » de la division Oncologie de Novartis en Allemagne. Il rejoint Nanobiotix riche de plus de 25 ans d’expérience internationale dans l’industrie pharmaceutique, et particulièrement en accès au marché et en oncologie. Laurent Levy, CEO de Nanobiotix a commenté : « Nous sommes très heureux d’accueillir Alain dans notre équipe. Au moment où Nanobiotix s’apprête à changer de dimension, son expérience, son remarquable parcours et ses valeurs font de lui la bonne personne à ce poste stratégique. » Alain Dostie, COO de Nanobiotix a ajouté : « Nanobiotix est à un moment clé dans sa création de valeur, cette année sont attendues l’analyse intermédiaire de sa première phase II/III et une potentielle première autorisation de mise sur le marché, c’est très excitant ! La technologie développée par Nanobiotix est unique, largement applicable et portée par une équipe solide et enthousiaste, je les rejoins aujourd’hui pour contribuer à la réussite à long terme de la Société. » Avant de rejoindre Nanobiotix, Alain Dostie a été le « General Manager » de la division Oncologie de Novartis Pharma en Allemagne, où il a notamment géré une équipe de plusieurs centaines de personnes et été responsable de plus d’1 milliard de dollars de ventes. Il a précédemment exercé la même fonction chez Novartis Canada. Il a également dirigé de l’unité Business Oncology de Novartis en République Tchèque et en Slovaquie. Avant cela, il a été Directeur exécutif marketing et Directeur national des ventes en oncologie chez Novartis Pharmaceuticals au Canada, Inc. ainsi que Manager des Affaires gouvernementales chez Merck Frosst Canada, Inc. Alain Dostie a enfin occupé plusieurs postes notamment en marketing chez Bayer Canada, Inc. Alain Dostie a obtenu son “Bachelor of Science in human kinetics” à l’Université de Guelph, au Canada. *** A propos de NANOBIOTIX – www.nanobiotix.com/fr Nanobiotix, spin-off de l’Université de Buffalo, SUNY, a été créée en 2003. Société pionnière et leader en nanomédecine, elle a développé une approche révolutionnaire dans le traitement local du cancer. La Société concentre son effort sur le développement de son portefeuille de produits entièrement brevetés, NanoXray, innovation reposant sur le mode d’action physique des nanoparticules qui, sous l’action de la radiothérapie, permettent de maximiser l’absorption des rayons X à l’intérieur des cellules cancéreuses afin de les détruire plus efficacement. Les produits NanoXray sont compatibles avec les traitements de radiothérapie standards et visent à traiter potentiellement une grande variété de cancers solides (y compris les Sarcomes des Tissus Mous, les cancers de la Tête et du Cou, les cancers du Foie, les cancers de la Prostate, les cancers du Sein, le Glioblastome...) et cela par de multiples voies d'administration. NBTXR3 est actuellement testé au cours de plusieurs études cliniques chez des patients atteints de Sarcome des Tissus Mous, de cancers de la Tête et du Cou, de cancers de la Prostate, et de cancers du Foie (CHC et métastases hépatiques) et menés par PharmaEngine, partenaire de Nanobiotix en région Asie-Pacifique : cancers de la tête et du cou et du rectum. La Société a déposé en août 2016 le dossier de demande de marquage CE pour le produit NBTXR3. Nanobiotix est entrée en bourse en octobre 2012. La Société est cotée sur le marché réglementé d‘Euronext à Paris (Code ISIN: FR0011341205, code mnemonic Euronext: NANO, code Bloomberg: NANO:FP). Le siège social de la Société se situe à Paris, en France. La Société dispose d’une filiale à Cambridge, aux Etats-Unis. Avertissement Le présent communiqué contient des déclarations prospectives relatives à Nanobiotix et à ses activités. Nanobiotix estime que ces déclarations prospectives reposent sur des hypothèses raisonnables. Cependant, aucune garantie ne peut être donnée quant à la réalisation des prévisions exprimées dans ces déclarations prospectives qui sont soumises à des risques dont ceux décrits dans l’actualisation du document de référence de Nanobiotix déposé auprès de l’Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) le 27 décembre 2016 (numéro de dépôt D.16-0732-A01) et disponible sur le site internet de la Société (www.nanobiotix.com), et à l’évolution de la conjoncture économique, des marchés financiers et des marchés sur lesquels Nanobiotix est présente. Les déclarations prospectives figurant dans le présent communiqué sont également soumises à des risques inconnus de Nanobiotix ou que Nanobiotix ne considère pas comme significatifs à cette date. La réalisation de tout ou partie de ces risques pourrait conduire à ce que les résultats réels, conditions financières, performances ou réalisations de Nanobiotix diffèrent significativement des résultats, conditions financières, performances ou réalisations exprimés dans ces déclarations prospectives. Le présent communiqué et les informations qu’il contient ne constituent ni une offre de vente ou de souscription, ni la sollicitation d’un ordre d’achat ou de souscription des actions de Nanobiotix dans un quelconque pays. Au jour du présent communiqué, NBTXR3 ne possède pas le marquage CE et n’a pas encore l’autorisation d’être vendu sur le marché ou d’être utilisé avant l’obtention de ce marquage CE. Contacts Nanobiotix Sarah Gaubert, +33 (0)1 40 26 07 55 Directrice de la Communication et des Affaires Publiques sarah.gaubert@nanobiotix.com / contact@nanobiotix.com ou Noël Kurdi, +1 (646) 241-4400 Directeur des Relations Investisseurs noel.kurdi@nanobiotix.com / investors@nanobiotix.com ou Relations presse France - Springbok Consultants Marina Rosoff, +33 (0)6 71 58 00 34 marina@springbok.fr ou United States – RooneyPartners Marion Janic, +1 (212) 223-4017 mjanic@rooneyco.com Contacts Nanobiotix Sarah Gaubert, +33 (0)1 40 26 07 55 Directrice de la Communication et des Affaires Publiques sarah.gaubert@nanobiotix.com / contact@nanobiotix.com ou Noël Kurdi, +1 (646) 241-4400 Directeur des Relations Investisseurs noel.kurdi@nanobiotix.com / investors@nanobiotix.com ou Relations presse France - Springbok Consultants Marina Rosoff, +33 (0)6 71 58 00 34 marina@springbok.fr ou United States – RooneyPartners Marion Janic, +1 (212) 223-4017 mjanic@rooneyco.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Industries Pharmaceuticals Earnings Outlook Get email alerts All eyes will be on Gilead’s hepatitis C franchise as it reports fourth-quarter earnings By Emma Court Published: Feb 7, 2017 2:50 a.m. ET Share Sovaldi and Harvoni face new competition and lower prices this year Bloomberg News/Landov Gilead Sciences Inc. is scheduled to report earnings Tuesday after the close. By EmmaCourt Reporter Gilead Sciences Inc. first became notorious in 2014 for the high price of its hepatitis C drug Sovaldi: More than $80,000 for a course of treatment. The company’s hepatitis C franchise will again be in the spotlight, this time for flagging sales, when Gilead GILD, +1.17%  reports fourth-quarter earnings, scheduled for Tuesday after the markets close. Both Sovaldi and sister product Harvoni cure hepatitis C, which Gilead has used as a rationale for their high price tags. But it’s also become a more enduring problem, with the company struggling to get enough new prescriptions to sustain and grow its sales numbers. New competitive pressures have exacerbated the issue, with Merck & Co. Inc.’s MRK, -0.37%  hepatitis C drug Zepatier expected to make gains on health insurers’ formularies, and an AbbVie Inc. ABBV, -0.69%  drug potentially getting approved later this year, said EvercoreISI analyst Mark Schoenebaum. Those rivals forced price concessions on Gilead’s part this year in order to keep its drugs on health insurers’ formularies, the company has said. Read more: This is the most expensive drug in America Gilead’s new, recently-launched Hepatitis C medication, Epclusa, with a similarly high price tag — about $75,000 for a course of treatment — could help compensate in the coming quarters. Investors will be eyeing how the drug’s launch goes and information about European sales, Schoenebaum said. They’ll also be watching launch metrics for the company’s human immunodeficiency virus products, including Genvoya, Odefsey and Descovy, he said, noting that Gilead has said it may break out revenue guidance for the HIV and hepatitis C franchises going forward. “Bottom line though, investors are looking for reassurance on GILD’s HCV business and how the company is thinking about it,” said Mizuho analyst Salim Syed, adding that qualitative guidance from management on Gilead’s earnings call will also be important. Here’s what to expect: Earnings: Analysts expect Gilead to report earnings of $2.61 per share, down from $3.32 in the year-earlier period. Estimize, a software platform that uses crowdsourcing to garner earnings estimates from hedge-fund executives, brokerages and analysts, has Gilead earning less, or $2.50 per share. Gilead earnings have missed expectations in two of the past three quarters, according to FactSet. Revenue: Gilead is expected to report $7.14 billion in revenue, down from $8.50 billion in the year-earlier period. Estimize has Gilead reporting significantly more, at $7.20 billion. Gilead revenue has surpassed analyst expectations in all but one of the past 14 quarters, according to FactSet. Stock reaction: Gilead shares have risen 1.1% year-to-date, compared with a 2.3% rise in the S&P 500 SPX, +0.36% The average analyst rating on Gilead is overweight, with all but one of the 26 analysts surveyed by FactSet rating the company buy or hold. What to watch for: As with other pharmaceutical manufacturers, investors will be watching what products Gilead has in development — it has focused on developing drugs for the liver disease NASH and hepatitis B, and data on the HIV drug Bictegravir is expected soon — and its capital deployment. Untreated: Hepatitis C, America's Prison Epidemic(3:06) In America's prisons, Hepatitis C infection rates have reached epidemic levels. But most infected inmates aren't getting treated for the deadly disease because the drugs are too expensive. Video: Arielle Ray/WSJ. Photo: Ryan Collerd for The Wall Street Journal. The company also has about $25 billion in cash overseas, said Syed, which it could use to build a stable of oncology products. “Any additional color here would be of interest to investors,” he said. After losing a patent lawsuit to Merck, Gilead will have to pay its rival $2.5 billion in royalties on Sovaldi and Harvoni. The company may address how it will book that charge on Tuesday. Related: Gilead shares slip as jury sides with Merck in patent lawsuit And, as with anything lately, politics will be top of mind. Gilead management may discuss the president’s stance on drug prices, or who will be the next head of the Food and Drug Administration. Many in pharma, including Gilead, have said they favor Scott Gottlieb, a doctor and former deputy commissioner of the agency. More from MarketWatch Trump on Putin: U.S. Isn't Innocent Either Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year What’s really behind Trump’s bungling of the immigration-ban order? Related Topics Earnings Markets U.S. Stocks Quote References GILD +0.77 +1.17% MRK -0.24 -0.37% ABBV -0.42 -0.69% SPX +8.23 +0.36% Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Gilead Sciences Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: GILD $66.36 +0.77 (+1.17%) Volume 15.9M Open $65.85 High $66.78 Low $65.43 P/E Ratio 6.68 Div Yield 3.13 Market Cap 86.4B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $64.15 -0.24 (-0.37%) Volume 8.4M Open $64.32 High $64.57 Low $63.96 P/E Ratio 31.6 Div Yield 2.93 Market Cap 177.5B AbbVie Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ABBV $60.42 -0.42 (-0.69%) Volume 5.7M Open $60.85 High $61.00 Low $60.27 P/E Ratio 16.64 Div Yield 4.24 Market Cap 98.9B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,316.10 +8.23 (+0.36%) Volume 2.1B Open 2,312 High 2,319 Low 2,311 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Andrey Rudakov/Bloomberg Big Pharma’s Offer to Trump: Discounts When Drugs Don’t Work by Jared S Hopkins @jaredshopkins More stories by Jared S Hopkins , Robert Langreth @RobertLangreth More stories by Robert Langreth , and James Paton @JamesPaton14 More stories by James Paton February 6, 2017, 12:25 PM EST Value-based pricing is ‘buzzword of the day:’ Allergan CEO Drugmakers are seeking to defuse outcry over drug prices President Donald Trump says drug prices are astronomical and something needs to be done. Pharmaceutical giants have an answer that doesn’t involve lowering list prices: refunding some of the money to insurers if a drug doesn’t work as expected. The concept of pay-for-performance isn’t new in the industry. But the number of such agreements between drugmakers and insurers has grown in the past year as Big Pharma seeks to defuse criticism over the soaring prices of some brand drugs, which can cost $10,000 a month or more for cancer treatments. “The new government in the U.S. with Trump talks about getting more value for less,” said Lars Fruergaard Jorgensen, chief executive officer of Novo Nordisk A/S, the world’s biggest maker of diabetes medicines. “Outcomes-based contracting could be one of the elements.” The drug industry is seeking to dodge Trump’s most drastic threats to reduce costs, including forcing companies to bid for government business. In a sign of how central value-based programs have become in the pushback, the lobby group Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America plans to roll out the concept later this month to the media as part of proposals on addressing drug pricing concerns. In recent weeks, executives have touted the idea during a big investor conference and on earnings calls, and brought it up unprompted in media interviews. The topic was also discussed when a group of top pharmaceutical CEOs met Trump at the White House last week. “The buzzword of the day is value-based pricing paradigms,” Brent Saunders, CEO of Allergan Plc, said in a January interview. For more on the outrage over high drug prices in the U.S., see this QuickTake. While reimbursing part of the cost for a treatment that doesn’t perform well sounds like a sensible solution, the concept is hard to execute. In conditions like diabetes or high cholesterol, results can be tracked with simple numerical measures -- but it may be harder to pull off in areas like depression or cancer. There’s also little evidence that pay-for-performance will significantly lower drug prices overall. And one of the largest drug benefit managers in the country, Express Scripts Holding Co., has criticized outcomes-based plans. Still, many insurance companies are intrigued. Cigna Corp., for instance, has entered into seven outcomes-based deals since 2009, including two last year for injectable cholesterol-lowering drugs. Outcomes-Based Contract Novo, based in Bagsvaerd, Denmark, recently signed its first contract for the diabetes drug Victoza as part of a pilot project with Humana Inc. At least five other companies have inked deals with various insurers in the past year, including Novartis, Merck & Co., Amgen Inc., Sanofi, and Eli Lilly & Co. Details on those agreements are proprietary, and remain scant. Swiss giant Novartis, one of the biggest boosters of the concept, has deals in place to refund four insurers, including Cigna and Humana, if its Entresto drug doesn’t keep heart failure patients out the hospital. It is considering agreements for leukemia treatment Tasigna, which costs more than $12,000 a month, and multiple sclerosis drug Gilenya, which lists for about $6,700 monthly, according to data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence. While it’s “quite early” for the pricing approach, “there are more and more sophisticated payers both in the U.S. and Europe that are starting to put data in place,” CEO Joe Jimenez told reporters on Jan. 25. “We’ve been able to get the best of both worlds,” said Chris Bradbury, senior vice president of integrated clinical and specialty drug solutions at Cigna. The insurer gets competitive guaranteed discounts on prescriptions, and “the manufacturer is aligned and accountable when something doesn’t work.” So far, all the drugs have performed up to expectations. Additional Rebates Drugmakers have defended their pricing system, saying it helps fund research and development of life-saving medicines. The value-based model offers a way to potentially lower health-care costs -- in the case of Novartis’s Entresto, cutting hospital expenses -- while maintaining the prices of drugs that work. Models are based on average population results, not individual patients. In Lilly’s partnership with Harvard Pilgrim Health Care, the regional non-profit insurance provider gets additional rebates if fewer patients using Lilly’s diabetes treatment Trulicity drug meet blood sugar goals than expected. This type of arrangement “can bend the cost curve but also reward the innovations that actually make the biggest difference,” Dave Ricks, CEO of Indianapolis-based Lilly, said during a January interview. ‘Really Complicated’ Digital data and medical records helped make pay-for-performance popular, yet tracking the results remains difficult with conditions that have subjective metrics, like those in the central nervous system. “Everyone likes the idea of outcomes-based contracting, but the contracts themselves are really complicated,” said Mark Fendrick, director of the Center for Value-Based Insurance Design at the University of Michigan. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up While outcomes-based pricing is useful for some drugs, the obstacles to apply the concept across the board “are nearly insurmountable,” said Peter Bach of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. It could require calling patients in for additional tests they don’t need merely to determine reimbursement. And because almost all of the details are proprietary, it is hard to know whether the existing programs are actually saving money, he said. “It would lower some drug prices, but the idea that this is a panacea is unfounded,” said Roger Longman, CEO of Real Endpoints, which analyzes drug reimbursements. “There is a significant amount of hype around these deals.” Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts, agrees. The drug benefit manager prefers simpler arrangements that refund money if a patient discontinues an expensive cancer or inflammation drug prematurely, rather than agreements that link discounts to hard-to-track results. “Most of these get launched with great fanfare and most of them go away because administrative burden eats up all the savings,” Miller said in a December interview. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Agenus Inc. vs. Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Which clinical-stage biotech stock wins in a head-to-head match-up between Agenus and Alnylam? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Feb 6, 2017 at 9:42AM Agenus (NASDAQ:AGEN) and Alnylam Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ALNY) are both clinical-stage biotechs developing drugs that hold the potential to make a big difference for patients. Shares of both companies have dropped dramatically since October. Which biotech stock is now the better pick for investors? Here's how Agenus and Alnylam compare. The case for Agenus For any clinical-stage biotech, the most important thing investors have to evaluate the stock is the potential for the company's pipeline. Agenus has plenty going for it on that front. Perhaps the most compelling evidence of the biotech's pipeline strength is the interest attracted from important players in the industry. GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE:GSK) licensed Agenus' QS-21 Stimulon adjuvant for use in two of its vaccines in late-stage development. The biggest opportunity could be with the Shingrix shingles vaccine. Glaxo submitted for U.S. regulatory approval of Shingrix in October. If approved, the vaccine could reach annual sales topping $1 billion within the next five years. Image source: Getty Images. Agenus has already received a nice chunk of money from GlaxoSmithKline. In September 2015, Glaxo paid the biotech $78.2 million as a kind of advance on future royalties from its two vaccines that use QS-21 Stimulon.  A few weeks ago, Agenus announced a collaboration with the National Cancer Institute (NCI) on a mid-stage clinical study. This study will combine Agenus' individualized autologous vaccine candidate Prophage with Merck's Keytruda in treating newly diagnosed glioblastoma. Merck is also partnering with Agenus on an undisclosed pre-clinical candidate. Incyte is another larger company interested in Agenus' pipeline. The two companies are working together to study an anti-OX40 agonist antibody. A phase 1/2 clinical trial evaluating the pipeline candidate in treating advanced or metastatic solid tumors is in progress. Incyte and Agenus are also collaborating on development of an anti-GITR antibody candidate in an early-stage study. Agenus also has another candidate in its pipeline -- CTLA-4 agonist AGEN1884. In addition, the biotech is exploring development of several pre-clinical checkpoint antibodies. The case for Alnylam Just a few months ago, the investing thesis for Alnylam would have focused primarily on experimental hereditary ATTR amyloidosis with cardiomyopathy (hATTR-CM) drug revusiran. However, that changed in October, when the biotech announced that it was discontinuing development of revusiran due to safety concerns. Why should investors consider Alnylam after this setback? The main reason is that the company's pipeline includes three other late-stage candidates using its RNA interference (RNAi) approach. Patisiran targets treatment of hereditary ATTR (hATTR) amyloidosis, a rare genetic disorder which affects around 50,000 people worldwide. Alnylam reported positive phase 2 results that showed evidence for the experimental drug in potentially halting or improving neuropathy progression in patients. Top-line results from a phase 3 study of patisiran are expected in mid-2017. French drugmaker Sanofi (NYSE:SNY) licensed rights to the drug outside of North America and western Europe. Alnylam begins late-stage studies of fitusiran in treating hemophilia A and B early this year. Early-stage results were promising, with the experimental RNAi therapeutic helping to improve bleed management for hemophilia patients. Sanofi exercised its option to co-develop fitusiran in November. The final late-stage candidate for Alnylam is inclisiran. Data from a phase 2 study of the experimental high-cholesterol drug is expected early this year. Alnylam plans to begin late-stage studies in the first half of 2017. Another RNAi candidate, givosiran, targets treatment of an ultra-rare disease called acute hepatic porphyrias. Alnylam plans to report more data from an early-stage clinical study of givosiran in mid-2017. The company expects to initiate a late-stage study of the experimental drug by the end of the year. Alnylam's pipeline also includes four other early-stage candidates. The company has global marketing rights for two of them, with the other two subject to partner option rights. Better buy Had Alnylam not experienced the big setback with revusiran, the decision between these two biotech stocks would be pretty easy. Agenus' pipeline doesn't have as many late-stage candidates as Alnylam's does, which would give Alnylam a significant advantage. However, investors are understandably jittery about what will happen with Alnylam's other RNAi therapeutics. The main knock against buying Agenus right now is that the company only has enough cash to get through the first half of this year. Expect another stock offering soon, which means the value of existing shares will be diluted. Alnylam, on the other hand, reported over $1 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and fixed income marketable securities at the end of the third quarter. The biotech shouldn't have to raise additional cash anytime soon. I like the long-term prospects for Agenus. The biotech could be an attractive acquisition target for a larger player at some point. For now, though, with its deep pipeline and solid cash position, Alnylam appears to be the better pick for investors.  Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alnylam Pharmaceuticals. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Feb 6, 2017 at 9:42AM Health Care Stocks Sanofi NYSE:SNY $42.57 down $0.13 (-0.30%) GlaxoSmithKline NYSE:GSK $40.28 up $0.26 (0.65%) Alnylam Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:ALNY $45.57 up $0.61 (1.36%) Agenus NASDAQ:AGEN $4.09 up $0.05 (1.24%) Read More Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Presents Progress -- Investors Dig It Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Discloses Deaths, Waits for More Data Why Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Is Down 37.3% This Year Here's Why Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Plunged 59.8% in 2016 Regeneron's Bold Bet on the Future of Medicine Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Better Buy: Agenus Inc. vs. Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. @themotleyfool #stocks $SNY, $GSK, $ALNY, $AGEN
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Dow Jones Industrial Average Dips On Continued Trump Concerns Shutterstock photo The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA)  spent most of the day in the red, but held on to its perch atop the round 20,000 level. Stocks fell as investors continued to watch for clues about what’s in store from U.S. President Donald Trump, whose controversial immigration ban hit a snag on Friday. Amid the uncertainty, investors sought safety in gold, which touched an 11-week high. Traders are also looking ahead to tonight’s speech from Philadelphia Fed President Patrick T. Harker.  Continue reading for more on today’s market, including: 3 must-watch  stocks this week , according to Schaeffer’s Senior Options Strategist Tony Venosa, CMT. The $1.5 million bearish bet on this  Super Bowl reject . How  option traders bet on notable moves for Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) and Amazon.com, Inc. ( AMZN ). Plus, the fertilizer stock that could rally after earnings, poultry price-fixing allegations, and Tiffany’s C-Suite shake-up. The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA –  20,052.42) dropped 19 points, or 0.1%. Merck & Co., Inc. ( MRK ) led the 10 Dow winners with a gain of 1%, while the 20 Dow losers were paced by Verizon Communications Inc. ( VZ ), which dropped 1.1%. The  S&P 500 Index (SPX – 2,292.56) also ended lower, shedding 4.9 points, or 0.2%. The Nasdaq Composite (COMP – 5,663.55)  dipped 0.1%, or 3.2 points. The  CBOE Volatility Index (VIX – 11.37)  added 0.4 point, or 3.7%. 5 Items on Our Radar Today Ride-sharing company Uber hired a former NASA expert to help it develop its vision for vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) vehicles , or flying cars. (USA Today) Japanese automakers Toyota and Suzuki have initiated formal talks on forming a strategic alliance that would allow the two companies to share safety and environmental technologies, R&D, and part supplies. (CNBC) Is Mosaic Co ( MOS ) ready to rally after earnings ? The price-fixing allegations that weighed on this chicken stock .  The  Tiffany & Co. (TIF) departure that had everyone talking. Data courtesy of Trade-Alert Commodities March-dated crude futures dropped 82 cents, or 1.5%, to end the day at $53.01 per barrel. A stronger dollar weighed on black gold, in spite of continued output cuts by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and tensions between the U.S. and Iran. April-dated gold futures gained $11.30, or 0.9%, to $1,232.10 per ounce — its highest perch since November — as investors flocked to the precious metal amid growing political uncertainty in both the U.S. and Europe.  Get your daily dose of Dow futures, stock news, and more with Schaeffer’s Opening View . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Markets, NASA, radar, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Why Royal Bank of Canada is a Top 25 Dividend Stock (RY) Next PostNext Charles Schwab or Vanguard: The Better Broker for an IRA Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Twitter Promises to Silence Trolls, Making the Platform Less Toxic for Brands Too By Garett Sloane - 5 hours ago Array 0 As 'The Walking Dead' Stumbles, AMC Looks to the Future 6 hours ago Array 0 Publicis Groupe Wins MillerCoors Media Business By E.J. Schultz - 7 hours ago Array 0 IPG Mediabrands' Initiative Appoints First U.S. CEO, Regional Presidents By Lindsay Stein - 8 hours ago Array 0 Risks and Rewards of Confronting Consumer Bias at the Super Bowl By Michele Fabrizi - 9 hours ago Array 0 Publicis Groupe Wins MillerCoors Media Business By E.J. Schultz - 7 hours ago 0 IPG Mediabrands' Initiative Appoints First U.S. CEO, Regional Presidents By Lindsay Stein - 8 hours ago 0 The Go-To Glossary for Marketers Needing to Brush Up on AI By Garett Sloane and George Slefo - 14 hours ago 0 Epsilon and Others Scramble for Alexa Data from Amazon By Kate Kaye - 14 hours ago 0 Former JWT North America CCO Jeff Benjamin Joins Barton F. Graf By Ann-Christine Diaz - 11 hours ago 0 See All the Ads From Super Bowl LI, Best to Worst, A to Z - Yesterday 0 Super Bowl LI Ad Review: Facing a Big Moment, Enough Marketers Find Their Footing By Nat Ives - Yesterday 0 The Winners of USA Today's Super Bowl Ad Meter Are ... - Yesterday 0 Snickers Extends Live Super Bowl Campaign With 'Apology' Offer By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 POLL: Which Super Bowl Ad Was the Best? - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US IPG Mediabrands' Initiative Appoints First U.S. CEO, Regional Presidents New Structure Will Allow Agency to Be More Client-Focused By Lindsay Stein. Published on February 07, 2017. Initiative U.S. CEO Amy Armstrong Credit: Courtesy Initiative Most Popular IPG Mediabrands' Initiative has appointed Interpublic Group veteran Amy Armstrong as the agency's first U.S. CEO while creating three regional president roles to get more senior-level coverage on the ground for clients. Ms. Armstrong, most recently president of BPN U.S., will oversee the growth of all U.S. offices, with support from regional East Coast, Midwest and West Coast presidents. The new structure will allow Initiative to be "more client focused than we've been in the past" by having "senior talent looking over clients" in its key regions," said Mat Baxter, global CEO of Initiative, to whom Ms. Armstrong will report. Initiative U.S. President Kris Magel is being shifted to the role of East Coast president. Mr. Baxter said he doesn't see the new position as a "diluted responsibility" because some of the shop's biggest accounts are out of the New York office, such as Amtrak, Merck, Dr. Pepper Snapple Group, Arby's, FDA and Papa John's. He added that Mr. Magel was "spread thin" in terms of looking over clients on a national role and giving them the attention they needed. Chris Actis, previously president of Asia-Pacific for Neo@Ogilvy, has joined Initiative to serve as president of the Midwest. Initiative is currently in the process of looking for a West Coast president to lead its Los Angeles and San Diego offices. Initiative has been relatively quiet in recent months, but Mr. Baxter said the silence was purposeful as the shop spent the last six months going through its redesign. The appointment of Ms. Armstrong as U.S. CEO "allows us to externalize our brands and our efforts to the marketplace" and "take that inward focus and turn it outward," he added. In this article: Agencies Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Haselmeier Introduces the Award-winning D-Flex. Just One. STUTTGART, Germany, February 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Haselmeier has not even officially presented its latest innovation and the D-Flex. Just one. has already won an award: The especially flexible disposable pen D-Flex has been given the GOOD DESIGN™ Award. However, the D-Flex stands out in the market primarily thanks to its uniqueness. No comparable product can be deployed so flexibly and at the same time deliver patient safety.      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/465591/Haselmeier_D_Flex_Image.jpg ) The D-Flex is the disposable pen for the use with 3 ml cartridges. It closes the gap between fixed-dose pens which only allow a single fixed dose, and variable-dose pens where the dose can be finely adjusted by the patient. The D-Flex can therefore be configured for several fixed doses. These dose values can essentially be freely selected when assembling the pen. The pen system does not permit any in-between amounts aside from the set doses, i.e. the patient cannot select an unintentional dose by mistake. This significantly reduces the risk of any operating error and increases the safety of the patient. This makes the D-Flex the ideal, flexible platform for adapting to set doses in accordance with the therapy. This platform can be flexibly configured to suit the desired dose values, from the first clinical study to series production, thereby significantly reducing the “time to market” and “CAPEX.” The benefit for patients and the advantages for Haselmeier customers are comprehensive: Just one pen which permits one or more pre-set doses. Just one pen with dose correction in order to avoid injection errors or loss of the drug. Just one pen which does not permit any in-between values besides the doses set. Just one flexible platform which enables the customer to easily adapt to a wide variety of dose values. Just one strong platform from the initial clinical study to series production. Stefan Gaul, Strategic Product Manager at Haselmeier, explains: “In line with the needs of the market, we at Haselmeier were looking for an improved solution for “unconventional” or somewhat more complicated applications. Aspects such as patient safety and convenience of operation and handling were central elements of the process. The idea of designing an extremely flexible, strong platform for our customers was naturally a central aspiration. With the D-Flex we have found the ideal way to put this into practice. And it is all the more gratifying when the product design is explicitly appreciated by outside bodies. But above all, it is a good feeling to know that an innovation is far enough advanced in the development process to ensure that patients can be helped within a few years. The D-Flex product platform made of high-performance plastic will in future be available in the three colours, red, blue and green.  Details of the award   GOOD DESIGN from Chicago is considered the world’s oldest and most prestigious institution for design excellence. In 2016, companies from over 46 countries submitted a total of more than 900 new product designs and artwork to the Chicago Athenaeum Museum. The winners are published on the website, www.chi-athenaeum.org and in the 2016 GOOD DESIGN Yearbook. Haselmeier had already won the award in 2014 for its Axis-D pen platform and a customer application for Merck based upon it. The GONAL-f® 2.0 Pen from Merck is a pre-filled disposable injector which is used worldwide for fertility treatment. The GOOD DESIGN™ Award has been presented since 1950.  About Haselmeier  Haselmeier stands for the development and production of innovative self-injection devices with award-winning designs. The Haselmeier Group primarily works on behalf of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to improve the lives of patients by manufacturing pens and auto-injectors that are easy to use and that can be dosed with precision. The family business covers all steps-from design to planning to industrialisation-in the creation of high-quality self-injection systems. Founded as early as in 1920 in Stuttgart, Haselmeier has long been an established name in the medtech industry, thanks to its proprietary technologies and international award-winning designs. In four years from now, this well-established company shall be able to look back on a 100 year old success story. Spread across eight global locations on three different continents, the Haselmeier Group employs a workforce of about 220 employees. While the Development Department is based in Stuttgart, the Innovation and Product Management is sited in Zurich (Switzerland). Haselmeier products are manufactured in the most modern production facilities in Buchen in Odenwald (Germany), Dnešice (Czech Republic) and Bengaluru (India). The international sales are controlled from Stuttgart and have representations in Lowell, Maryland (USA), Gurgaon (India) and Guangzhou (China). For further information, please visit: www.haselmeier.com Media Contact: Wilhelm Haselmeier GmbH & Co. KG         Vaihinger Straße 48                             70567 Stuttgart                                       Germany                               Jana Heidrich Marketing and Sales Coordinator +49-711-71978-176 j.heidrich@haselmeier.com SOURCE Haselmeier AG CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Industry, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SIRIOS discovers new high-grade gold zones at Cheechoo Next PostNext Fundanna Launching as US First Regulation Crowdfunding Portal for the Cannabis Industry Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Drug Prices Are Soaring: Here’s Why You May Not Get the Meds You Need Fiscal Times Eric Pianin 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Where the Obamas are headed after the White House 15 celebrities who had epic fails as entrepreneurs Click to expand Replay Video Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion A Homeland Security Department report seen by Reuters also says the border wall President Trump wants could take more than three years to build. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Cote d’Azur is a french business man who believes Uber’s technology is the reason that his marriage ended. He said that through the app his wife could see where he had been and he was going. Apparently, his wife did not approve of where he had been and they got divorced. He is now suing Uber for 45 million euros, which is $48 million American dollars. Uber has not yet commented on the lawsuit publicly. It is their policy to not make comments about individual cases. Wochit Business Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Entertainment Reporter Katrina Szish previews the movies in theaters this weekend and the Grammy Awards. Fox Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO President Trump wants to bring prescription drug prices down FOX News See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion Reuters1:04 Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Wochit Business0:32 Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Fox Business4:01 Meet the collaborative robots that work with you Bloomberg3:14 An interesting shift is happening in the marijuana business International Business Times1:00 Is Under Armour asking for a backlash? The Wall Street Journal.0:43 Serial house sitting is the new fad for retirees CNBC0:56 This zero-waste packaging is made from bamboo CNN Money3:19 Top grossing pets on Instagram GOBankingRates1:13 Trump's tweets aren't helping Twitter make money Veuer0:42 Weak peso helps tequila giant Jose Cuervo go public The Wall Street Journal.1:02 Beautiful beaches that are ridiculously expensive GOBankingRates1:06 How do fake news sites make money? BBC News1:13 Trump meets with airlines CNBC2:00 This is the world's most expensive chocolate bar CNBC0:39 Honoured Apple CEO takes aim at Trump Reuters1:31 UP NEXT The base price of the most commonly used brand-name drugs rose on average by nearly 11 percent in 2016, providing added grist to the debate over the need for government intervention to slow the rate of growth of pharmaceutical prices and eliminate blatant price gouging. Quotes in the article Intelsat SA I ▲ 3.61 +0.11 +3.14% Ryder System Inc R ▲ 76.49 +1.03 +1.37% AbbVie Inc ABBV ▼ 60.42 -0.42 -0.69% AdChoices A new study released on Monday by Express Scripts, a major pharmacy benefit management services based in St. Louis, found that the average price of brand name drugs has steadily risen by more than 200 percent since 2008, far outpacing the 11 percent overall cost-of-living increase during the same period. Related: Trump Moves Quickly on Pledge to Contain Drug Prices – but Can He Do It? From a base price of $100 set in January 2008, the price of the most commonly used brand medications increased to $307.86 last year (in 2008 dollars), the study found. Prescription drugs for the treatment of diabetes and inflammatory conditions like rheumatoid arthritis ranked as the costliest therapy class. Indeed, one out of every five dollars spent on pharmaceuticals was for those medicines, according to the report, followed closely by spending on medications for the treatment of cancer. The drug industry has argued for years that the high costs of developing and testing the new class of drugs called biologics, which targets the disease by targeting the gene that causes the problem, are a big part of the problem. Abbvie’s (ABBV) Humira is a perfect example. A report in Forbes shows that even if it cost what the industry claims is $2.5 billion to develop a biologic drug, Humira earned it back and then some long ago. The drug generated $14 billion in sales in 2015 alone. Forbes says a biologic can cost $50,000 or more a year per patient, which is a killer for consumers, insurers and taxpayers.  © iStockphoto Soaring drug prices surfaced as a major issue during last year’s presidential and congressional campaigns and is already getting attention from the new administration and Congress. Last week, President Donald Trump summoned the heads of many top drug manufacturers to the White House in a first step towards fulfilling his campaign pledge to crack down on soaring drug prices that have dramatically driven up the costs of Medicare, Medicaid, and employee health programs. Trump also pledged to speed up Food and Drug Administration approval of generic drugs to boost competition with more expensive brand names as part of an effort to reduce what he termed “astronomical” drug prices. He also favors accelerated FDA approval of cutting-edge drugs for treating cancer and other life-threatening diseases. “We have to do better at accelerating cures,” he declared. Related:Trump Jolts the Pharmaceutical Industry with Vow to ‘Bring Down Drug Prices’ Prescription drug prices have risen at a double-digit rate in recent years and are projected to continue to rise at that pace this year. Over the past two years, the country has been buffeted by high-profile cases of price gouging by drug companies by as much as 1,000 percent to 5,000 percent for some life-saving drugs that have been on the market for years. However, the Express Scripts findings on rising brand drug prices tells only part of the story. That’s because the drug industry offers substantial rebates and discounts to preferred buyers and consumers that often substantially reduce the base price, according to industry experts. For instance, Express Scripts, one of the three largest pharmacy benefit managers in the country, is responsible for negotiating rebates based on the list prices of prescription drugs. The company boasted today that spending on prescription drugs by its clients was up by just 3.8 percent in 2016, far below the nearly 11 percent national average. Moreover, prices for the most commonly used generic medications declined by 8.7 percent in 2016, according to the Express Scripts analysis. Trump and some of his Republican allies on Capitol Hill believe that steps to encourage and speed up the development of generic drugs may be the key to revving up competition – and bringing down prices. The House Energy and Commerce Committee is scheduled to begin consideration this week of a bill that would require the FDA to review applications for generic versions of drugs for which there is little if any competition within 180 days, according to Modern Healthcare. Related:How Big Pharma Lobbyists Keep Medicare Drug Prices High The measure, sponsored by Chairman Greg Walden (R-OR), would also offer pharmaceutical companies that submit such applications a voucher that promises a quicker review of another generic product. “We all remember recent situations where bad actors jacked up the price of older, off-patent drugs because there was no competition,” Walden said in a statement. “We want to make sure that doesn't happen again.” But the bill's proposed six-month review period is only slightly shorter than the eight-month review and action target established by FDA officials last year, according to Modern Healthcare. And it is longer than the four-month goal proposed for certain priority drug applications. While the bill is in line with some of Trump’s stated aspirations for reining in drug costs, it is on the face of it a relatively weak start to addressing a massive problem that is costing consumers and government agencies billions of dollars annually. There will likely be efforts to beef up the legislation with other tougher provisions. Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) and Rep. Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, the ranking Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, are pressing for much tougher measures. Related: The Most Expensive Prescription Drugs in America “We have to get the prices way down,” Trump told the CEOs of Merck, Amgen, Eli Lilly, Novartis and Johnson & Johnson, as well as the head of the trade organization PhRMA, last Tuesday. "We have to get prices down for a lot of reasons. We have no choice, for Medicare and Medicaid, we have to get prices way down.” At the top of his meeting with pharmaceutical company CEOs, Trump outlined a number of steps for preventing future surges in drug prices, although he didn’t mention two of the more controversial ideas that he and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton advanced during the campaign: One would allow the importation of cheaper drugs from Canada to enhance competition. And the other would permit Medicare officials to negotiate down prices with major drug companies by eliminating a non-negotiation ban contained in the 2003 Medicare Part D drug legislation. The drug companies have strongly lobbied against both of those proposals in the past, warning against intrusive government action that would discourage research and development and prevent job-creating expansion. Trump had nothing more to say about his drug importation and Medicare price negotiation proposals following his meeting with the drug company CEOs. Instead, he issued a statement supportive of the drug industry and vowing to “oppose anything that makes it harder for smaller, younger companies to take the risk of bringing their product to a vibrantly competitive market,” as The Washington Post reported.Top Reads from The Fiscal Times Trump May Be the First Test Case for His Own Supreme Court Nominee Trump’s Rollback on Clean Air and Water Rules Could Raise Health Care Costs IRS Warning: Scammers Have a New Trick to Get Your W-2 Form Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Fiscal Times Obamacare Repeal Could Be a Big Setback for the Fight Against Addiction Fiscal Times Trump has a chance to remake the Federal Reserve Fiscal Times Trump Has a Chance to Remake the Federal Reserve Fiscal Times The Republican War on Obamacare Just Took a Big Step Forward Fiscal Times Fiscal Times View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Trump’s doctor failed to tell us about this drug he takes · PinkNews Enter your email address to receive our daily LGBT news roundup Sign up No thanks You're free to unsubscribe at any time. Follow @pinknews News News Home UK US World Trans Politics Education Law Religion Business Entertainment Trans Opinion Travel Life Life Home Health Sport About Advertise Contact Privacy RSS Search Home UK US World Current Affairs Entertainment Opinion Travel Features Trans Current Affairs Trump’s doctor failed to tell us about this drug he takes Benjamin Butterworth, PinkNews 7th February 2017, 9:55 AM Image: Getty Donald Trump’s medical records weren’t entirely accurate, it has been claimed. During the election campaign the now president’s doctor, Dr Harold N. Bornstein, declared that Trump’s test results were “astonishingly excellent”, his physical strength and stamina “extraordinary”. In a bizarre, distinctly Trump way, he even declared: If elected, Mr. Trump, I can state unequivocally, will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency.” However it’s now emerged that the president uses a drug that wasn’t mentioned in the pre-election report. He also takes a drug called finasteride, according to the New York Times. The drug is designed to treat male-pattern baldness – something his doctor credits with maintaining Trump’s vast combover. However some have claimed it has serious side effects, and there have been 1,370 lawsuits against the company which markets the drug, Merck. The drug which the president takes, who does not live with his wife, has been linked to “libido disorders, ejaculation disorders and orgasm disorders”. It has also been linked to anxious or depressive symptoms, and one study claimed that 96 per cent of men continued to suffer from sexual dysfunction after finishing treatment with finasteride. Trump’s medical records aren’t the only thing to change since he came to office. His poll ratings have collapsed too – making him the least popular president in US history. Controversial policies such as the Muslim Ban – now suspended thanks to the courts – and attacks on popular figures such as Meryl Streep have damaged his reputation. However President Trump resisted using an Executive Order to remove LGBT rights, after daughter Ivanka allegedly intervened to stop him. Such unpopularity is unprecedented for a new president. Though President Trump has hit back – claiming, predictably, that all negative polling is “fake news”. 14 reader comments Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous story Nurse set himself on fire over being sacked from hospital Next story Same-sex marriage will 'destroy the whole human race', Australian parliament told More: US Politics America obama Trump polling popular Trending Trending Now This mother rejected her gay son on national TV and people are shocked Rosie O'Donnell posts pic of her as Steve Bannon and Twitter went nuts Sky News host tears into colleague live on air over homophobic speech Assange claims he has dirt on French Presidential candidate accused of 'secret gay life' Trending This mother rejected her gay son on national TV and people are shocked Rosie O’Donnell posts pic of her as Steve Bannon and Twitter went nuts Sky News host tears into colleague live on air over homophobic speech Assange claims he has dirt on French Presidential candidate accused of ‘secret gay life’ Latest stories Parents in Hong Kong are ‘worried’ about their sons liking Disney princesses Supermarket giant Sainsbury’s just released a collection of same-sex Valentine’s cards Vogue model Hanne Gaby Odiele calls for more people to come out as intersex Gay episode of The Simpsons was nearly censored by Fox As Utah rejects sex education bill, adult site reroutes all traffic to something special Tennessee re-introduces bills to ban gay marriage and restrict trans bathroom use © 2017 PinkNews Terms Contact Advertise
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Cancer Immunotherapies Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Cancer Immunotherapies Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 07, 2017 ) Cancer immunotherapy works by enhancing the innate powers of the immune system. This has better chances of successfully fighting cancer for a long period. Also, immunotherapies have fewer side effects and can treat different types of cancer. Cancer immunotherapies make up nearly 50% of the cancer drugs market. Publisherâs analysts forecast the global cancer immunotherapies market to grow at a CAGR of 15.17% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-cancer-immunotherapies-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global cancer immunotherapies market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of cancer immunotherapies used to treat cancer. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Cancer Immunotherapies Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Amgen - Bristol-Myers Squibb - F. Hoffmann-La Roche - GlaxoSmithKline - Merck - Takeda Pharmaceuticals Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001232109/sample Other prominent vendors - AbbVie - ADC Therapeutics - Agensys - Astellas - AstraZeneca - Bayer - Biogen - Biotech Pharmaceutical - Boehringer-Ingelheim - Celgene - Celldex Therapeutics - Chugai Pharmaceutical - CTI Biopharma - Daiichi Sankyo - Eli Lilly - Fortress Biotech - Genmab - Immunomedics - Intas Pharmaceuticals - Janssen Biotech - Kyowa Hakko Kirin - MedImmune - Morphotek - Neovii Biotech - Novartis - OncoMed Pharmaceuticals - Pfizer - Sanofi - Seattle Genetics - Spectrum Pharmaceuticals - TG Therapeutics - XBiotech Market driver - Increase in demand for cancer monoclonal antibodies - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Patent expiry of top-selling drugs - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Emergence of targeted and combination therapies - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analystâs time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001232109/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Vaccine Market to Record an Impressive Growth USD 59.20 Billion in 2020 Global Vaccine Market to Record an Impressive Growth USD 59.20 Billion in 2020 Posted on February 7, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Vaccine Market by Technology (Inactivated, Subunit, Conjugate, Live Attenuated, Toxoid, and Dendritic Cell Synthetic), Type (Therapeutic, Preventive), Indication (Allergy, Infectious Disease, Tumors and Others) for Infants, Early Aged, and Post Aged: Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Segment, Trends and Forecast, 2014 – 2020 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 02/06/2017 — Zion Research has published a new report titled "Vaccine Market by Technology (Inactivated, Subunit, Conjugate, Live Attenuated, Toxoid, and Dendritic Cell Synthetic), Type (Therapeutic, Preventive), Indication (Allergy, Infectious Disease, Tumors and Others) for Infants, Early Aged, and Post Aged: Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2014 – 2020" According to the report, global demand for vaccine was valued at over USD 32.2 billion in 2014, is expected to reach above USD 59.2 billion in 2020 and is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of slightly above 11.0% between 2015 and 2020. Request Sample Report: http://bit.ly/1VijEWF Vaccination is the process of injecting, or oral vaccine ingestion to stimulate the immune system of individual. Vaccine is made up of inactive, partially killed or dead microbes, to activate the immune system against the particular microbe and produce antibodies against it. Vaccination influences immune system to attack on the microbe. The antigen stimulates the immune system to identify threat, destroy and memorize, so that if the same microbe is occurred later it can be recognized and destroyed. Introduction of new vaccines for various diseases is escalating growth of the vaccine market. Also rise in frequency of diverse infectious diseases such as swine flu, influenza, Ebola, hepatitis, tuberculosis, diphtheria, meningococcal diseases, and pneumococcal diseases worldwide has increased the use of vaccines. Besides, the notable rise demand of the existing vaccines is predicted to enhance the growth of market. Government initiative to generate awareness among people for vaccination is also supporting the market growth. However, high maintenance, strict laws of regulatory and huge expense for development of new vaccines could pose challenge for the vaccine market. Government funding for R&D of new vaccines for diseases like HIV and cancer offers novel opportunity for vaccine market. Browse the full "Vaccine Market by Technology (Inactivated, Subunit, Conjugate, Live Attenuated, Toxoid, and Dendritic Cell Synthetic), Type (Therapeutic, Preventive), Indication (Allergy, Infectious Disease, Tumors and Others) for Infants, Early Aged, and Post Aged: Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Segment, Trends and Forecast, 2014 – 2020" report at http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/vaccine-market-z53045 Technological advancement in use of vaccine includes inactivated, subunit, conjugate, live attenuated, toxoid, dendritic cell and synthetic. Live attenuated is the recommended technology and accepted worldwide followed by inactivated technology. Two types of vaccine are therapeutic vaccine and preventive vaccine. Preventive vaccine was the leading type due to escalating awareness among people for prevention from various infections. End users for the ingestion or injection of vaccine are infants, early aged and post aged group. Infants and early aged populace are vaccinated on large basis due to government initiative for protecting children from various diseases. The indication segment for vaccine includes allergy, infectious disease, and tumors among others. Infectious disease was one of the major indications due to increase in number of infectious and contiguous diseases globally. North America emerged as prominent regional market owing to rising government support for R&D of vaccines, growing company investments for vaccine research, and high occurrence of different diseases in this region. The vaccine market is segment into Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa, further divergence of region on the country level, which includes U.S., Germany, UK, France, China, Japan and India. Do Inquiry before buying: http://bit.ly/2cy108V Some of the prominent participants in vaccine market include Pfizer, CSL Limited, GlaxoSmithKline, plc, MedImmune LLC, Novartis AG, Sanofi Pasteur, Merck and Company, Johnson and Johnson and Emergent BioSolutions Inc. This report segments the vaccine market as follows: Vaccine Market: Technology Segment Analysis Inactivated Subunit Conjugate Live Attenuated Toxoid Dendritic Cell Synthetic Vaccine Market: Type Segment Analysis Therapeutic vaccine Preventive vaccine Vaccine Market: End user Segment Analysis Infants Early aged Post aged Vaccine Market: Indicatons Segment Analysis Allergy Infectious disease Tumors Others Vaccine Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America US Europe Germany France UK Asia Pacific China Japan India Latin America Brazil Middle East and Africa About Us Zion Research is a market intelligence company providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Zion Research experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants uses proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each Zion Research syndicated research report covers a different sector — such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food and beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports strive to serve the overall research requirement of clients. Contact US: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street,Suit #8138 Deerfield Beach,Florida 33442 United States Toll Free: +1-855-465-4651 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-386-310-3803 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Website: http://www.marketresearchstore.com For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-vaccine-market-to-record-an-impressive-growth-usd-5920-billion-in-2020-767742.htm Media Relations Contact Joel John Corporate Sales Specialist Market Research Store Telephone: 386-310-3803 Email: Click to Email Joel John Web: http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/vaccine-market-z53045 Latest News Mazzitti & Sullivan Counseling Services Launches New Website Introducing the First Guitar Stand ​That Fits in the Palm of Your Hand Cablefax is Now Accepting Entries for The FAXIES Awards; Entry Deadline March 3 A’ Photography Awards 2017 is Looking for Photographers with Outstanding Works who are Aiming at Getting Global Fame and Recognition Paso Robles Plumber Quality 1st Plumbing Announces Special Discount For Local Veterans Pixel Film Studios Announces TransFocus Layers for Final Cut Pro X Vernon Computer Source Offering $2,000 Scholarship National Debt Relief Explains When Debt Consolidation Is A Good And Bad Idea Uncorked Wine Tours Releases “Top Paso Robles Wine Tour Stops” List for 2017 Credit2B Announces Addition of Chief Product Officer © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← California State Senate Leader: ‘Half My Family’ Here Illegally Fake news: actors, robots, androids, television creations → Ready to inject your children with “safe” vaccines from China? Posted on February 6, 2017 by # 1 NWO Hatr Jon Rappoport I’ll put it to you this way. Your child is about to get vaccinated. You believe in the efficacy of vaccines. In the doctor’s office, there is a large wheel. It has two sections. One is marked: “this injection for your child comes from the US or Germany.” The other section is marked: “this injection for your child might come from China, or if not, the raw ingredients in the shot might come from China, and, keep in mind that even if the injection and the raw ingredients don’t come from China, in a pinch, because the Chinese vaccines are cheap, the US might buy the injection or the ingredients from China—now spin the wheel…and let’s see where the arrow stops…for your child.”   In the spring of 2016, a vaccine scandal erupted in China. Time Magazine reported: “Furious parents and health care professionals in China are demanding to know how almost $90 million of improperly stored and potentially fatal vaccines were distributed across some two-thirds of the country over the past five years, in the latest public-health scandal to raise serious questions over the efficacy of the Chinese Communist Party’s rule.” “According to state media, a mother and daughter from eastern China’s Shandong province have been caught peddling 25 kinds of unrefrigerated vaccines — including for polio, mumps, rabies, hepatitis B, encephalitis and meningococcal diseases — to medical facilities across 24 Chinese provinces since 2010.” “Inflaming the public backlash, authorities had apparently known about the case since last April, though only publicized the news late Friday in a belated attempt to trace potential victims. Moreover, the elder suspect, a 47-year-old woman surnamed Pang, had apparently been convicted of the same offense in 2009 but only received a suspended sentence. State media admitted the compromised inoculations could have resulted in paralysis and even death.” “’Twenty-four provinces, five years already, and how many children! It’s been nearly a year and then they reveal this! Isn’t this genocide? Words cannot express how angry I am!’ posted one user of China’s Twitter-like microblog Weibo, reports the BBC.” “’This is a matter of life and death,’” one Beijing-based doctor told Radio Free Asia. ‘They should make an announcement about this as soon as possible … so we can locate these items and cut off the supply, so no more people are harmed.’” Just to show how panicked the vaccine establishment is about the current wave of public awakening—sparked in part by revelations in the movie Vaxxed—major media couldn’t even keep their stories straight. The NY Times, reporting on the China scandal, and relying on the World Health Organization (a PR front for the vaccine industry) took an assuring tone: “Despite such fears, the tainted vaccines are more likely to be ineffective than harmful…The World Health Organization has said that outdated or poorly stored vaccines rarely if ever trigger illness or toxic reactions. Chinese government investigators said last week that they had not found any cases of adverse reactions or spikes in infections linked to ineffective vaccines.” Really? Perhaps editors at the NY Times and the World Health Organization would like to prove their faith and confidence by taking shots in the arm of those spoiled vaccines. Now, here are quotes from an excellent article by Marco Caceres at thevaccinereaction.org (4/13/16). The article points up the uncertainty about whether processed and/or raw vaccine ingredients are entering the US from China: “The past few weeks, there have been a series of news reports coming out of China revealing that thousands of doses of improperly stored and expired vaccines for children and adults were illegally sold for millions of dollars on the black market by more than 100 people associated with Chinese companies and vaccination centers.” “Most Americans do not understand that many pharmaceutical products, including vaccines, are not made in the United States and foreign pharmaceutical companies are not subject to U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) quality control regulations.” “It is unclear what percentage of the vaccines currently used in the United States are made by Chinese pharmaceutical companies in China or by Western companies with manufacturing facilities in China. We do know that major U.S. and European vaccine makers such as Merck & Co., GlaxoSmithKline plc, and Sanofi Pasteur SA maintain vaccine manufacturing operations in China, that this activity is on the rise, and that Western vaccine makers are also establishing joint venture partnerships with Chinese vaccine companies.” “Consequently, it is increasingly difficult to distinguish which vaccines are manufactured by American and European firms and which are produced by the Chinese. A 2012 article in USA Today, however, did report that the FDA estimates that 80% of the ingredients in pharmaceuticals [only drugs, or vaccines as well?] produced by U.S. companies and 40% of the ‘finished medications’ Americans take come from outside the U.S. and, increasingly they come from China and India.” “The article cited a U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) report that found the FDA inspects drug manufacturing facilities in China and India only once every 14 years, and that FDA inspectors are not permitted to enter those facilities unannounced. USA Today noted that, according to the GAO report, ‘Up to two-thirds of foreign pharmaceutical sites have never undergone an FDA inspection’.” So: even if you believe in the safety and efficacy of vaccines, do you want to spin the big wheel in the doctor’s office? Do you want to take a chance? Do you want to have your child injected? Do you want to say, “Well, the news media and the government and the experts and the doctors all tell me vaccines are safe, so I’ll go along with that. I’ll believe. And I’ll risk the future and the life of my child on that belief.” Do you? Jon Rappoport The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED, EXIT FROM THE MATRIX, and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX, Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free emails atNoMoreFakeNews.com or OutsideTheRealityMachine. Jon Rappoport Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 418 ← California State Senate Leader: ‘Half My Family’ Here Illegally Fake news: actors, robots, androids, television creations → One Response to Ready to inject your children with “safe” vaccines from China? # 1 NWO Hatr says: February 6, 2017 at 5:19 pm “The World Health Organization has said that outdated or poorly stored vaccines rarely if ever trigger illness or toxic reactions.” As opposed to the fresh & properly stored ones which do? Pack of lies, as usual. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom The Distillery Network E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments flee on Almost a Million People Have Now Joined a Campaign to Impeach Trump, and You’ll Never Guess Why KOYOTE on Almost a Million People Have Now Joined a Campaign to Impeach Trump, and You’ll Never Guess Why flee on Thousands of rounds of ammo stolen from Crater Lake park flee on Gabby Giffords’ gun-control group gets new law enforcement allies flee on Illegal Alien Now Awaiting His 6th Deportation BMF on Thousands of rounds of ammo stolen from Crater Lake park BMF on Thousands of rounds of ammo stolen from Crater Lake park BMF on Gabby Giffords’ gun-control group gets new law enforcement allies #snipe on Gabby Giffords’ gun-control group gets new law enforcement allies Angel-NYC on Liberty or Death Katie on Obamacare Probably Here To Stay Jim on Liberty or Death jvcgy9 on Someone Called the Cops on a Tesla Model S Owner for Kidnapping Because He Put His Own Kid in the Car Hal Apeeno on Liberty or Death Hal Apeeno on The Word From the Trenches – February 10, 2017 mary in ND on 30 States Move to Enact Vaccine Bills Including Tracking and Mandatory Vaccines Frank Face on Gabby Giffords’ gun-control group gets new law enforcement allies mary in ND on 30 States Move to Enact Vaccine Bills Including Tracking and Mandatory Vaccines Henry Shivley on Trump signs three new executive orders on crime reduction Henry Shivley on Trump signs three new executive orders on crime reduction Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2016 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News EyeGate Pharmaceuticals Announces Executive Promotions WALTHAM, Mass., Feb. 06, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — EyeGate Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:EYEG) (“EyeGate” or the “Company”), a specialty pharmaceutical company that focuses on developing and commercializing products for treating diseases and disorders of the eye, today announced the promotion of three Company executives: Sarah Romano, Corporate Controller, has been named Interim Chief Financial Officer; Lisa Brandano has been promoted from Director, Clinical Operations to Vice President, Clinical Operations; and Carol Assang, Associate Director, Clinical Operations has been named Director, Clinical Operations. “Since joining EyeGate, Sarah has been an integral member of our finance team, while Lisa and Carol have made invaluable contributions to our clinical operations group. Their promotions reflect not only their excellent work to-date, but our confidence in their respective abilities to help lead the Company into the future. We believe that these promotions will allow EyeGate to benefit further from their experience and expertise as we continue to develop our pipeline programs and grow the company,” commented Stephen From, President and Chief Executive Officer of EyeGate.  Sarah Romano joined EyeGate Pharmaceuticals as Corporate Controller in 2016, and has been responsible for the Company’s accounting, tax, financial reporting, and internal controls. Prior to joining EyeGate, Ms. Romano served as Assistant Controller at TechTarget and Corporate Controller at Bowdoin Group, a healthcare-focused executive recruiting firm. Previously, she held financial reporting positions of increasing responsibility at SoundBite Communications until its acquisition by Genesys in 2013, and was a Senior Financial Reporting Analyst at Cognex Corporation, a publicly-traded manufacturer of machine vision systems, software and sensors. Ms. Romano began her career as an Auditor in the Boston office of PricewaterhouseCoopers. A licensed CPA in Massachusetts, she holds a Bachelor of Arts in Accounting from College of the Holy Cross and Masters of Accounting from Boston College. Lisa Brandano joined EyeGate in 2011, and has served as Associate Director and Director of Clinical Operations. Prior to joining EyeGate, she served as Assistant Managing Director of the Boston Office and Director of Clinical Trial Operations at CATO Research, an international contract research organization. During her 11 years with CATO, she was involved in the oversight and facilitation of global clinical operations. Previously, she held clinical research coordinator and laboratory science roles at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston. Ms. Brandano holds a BS in biology from Emmanuel College, and since 2003, she has been a certified clinical research associate (CRA) with the Association of Clinical Research Professionals (ACRP). Carol Assang joined EyeGate in 2010, and has been responsible for all aspects of clinical study planning and the execution of multiple clinical development programs. Prior to joining EyeGate, Ms. Assang served as an Associate Project Director/Senior Clinical Associate at New England Research Institutes, where she was responsible for clinical development and operations of several programs. Previously, Ms. Assang served as Program Manager at Harvard Clinical Research Institute, Clinical Studies Coordinator at Tufts-New England Medical Center, Associate Medical Program Coordinator at Merck and a Consultant at Alliance Pharmaceuticals. She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Chemistry and Mathematics from Wesleyan University and Master’s Degree in Chemistry from Yale University.      About EyeGate: EyeGate is a clinical-stage specialty pharmaceutical company that is focused on developing and commercializing products for treating diseases and disorders of the eye. EGP-437, the Company’s first product in clinical trials, incorporates a reformulated topically active corticosteroid, Dexamethasone Phosphate that is delivered into the ocular tissues through EyeGate’s proprietary innovative drug delivery system, the EyeGate® II Delivery System. In addition, EyeGate is developing, through its wholly-owned Jade subsidiary, products using cross-linked thiolated carboxymethyl hyaluronic acid (“CMHA-S”), a modified form of the natural polymer hyaluronic acid (HA), which possesses unique physical and chemical properties such as hydration and healing properties. The ability of CMHA-S to adhere longer to the ocular surface, resist degradation and protect the ocular surface makes it well-suited for treating various ocular surface injuries. For more information, please visit www.EyeGatePharma.com. Safe Harbor Statement: Some of the statements in this press release are “forward-looking” and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These “forward-looking” statements include statements relating to, among other things, the commercialization efforts and other regulatory or marketing approval efforts pertaining to EyeGate’s products, including EyeGate’s EGP-437 combination product and those of Jade, a wholly owned subsidiary of EyeGate, as well as the success thereof, with such approvals or success may not be obtained or achieved on a timely basis or at all. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from the statements set forth in this press release, including, among other things, certain risk factors described under the heading “Risk Factors” contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016, and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC on November 02, 2016 or described in our other public filings. Our results may also be affected by factors of which we are not currently aware. The forward-looking statements in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. EyeGate expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to such statements to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any changes in the events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
Contact:
Lee Roth / Janhavi Mohite
The Ruth Group for EyeGate Pharmaceuticals
646-536-7012 / 7026
lroth@theruthgroup.com / jmohite@theruthgroup.com
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsArts, Companies, company, officer, private, Science, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Post Holdings Announces Pricing of Senior Notes Offerings Next PostNext Viper Energy Partners LP, a Subsidiary of Diamondback Energy, Inc., Announces Its Fourth Quarter Cash Distribution and Schedules Fourth Quarter 2016 Conference Call for February 15, 2017 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Publishing & Information Services | Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Equipment | Surveys, Polls and Research Global Single Cell Analysis Market Analysis & Trends 2017-2025 - $6.92 Billion Growth Opportunities/Investment Opportunities - Research and Markets Download image DUBLIN, Feb 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Single Cell Analysis Market Analysis & Trends - Industry Forecast to 2025" report to their offering. The Global Single Cell Analysis Market is poised to grow at a CAGR of around 18.9% over the next decade to reach approximately $6.92 billion by 2025. Some of the prominent trends that the market is witnessing include microfluidics integration in single cell analysis, Asia Pacific region provides huge growth potential, huge R&D in stem cell research, recent technological developments of single cell analysis and growth opportunities/investment opportunities. This industry report analyzes the market estimates and forecasts for all the given segments on global as well as regional levels presented in the research scope. The study provides historical market data for 2013, 2014 revenue estimations are presented for 2015 and forecasts from 2016 till 2025. The study focuses on market trends, leading players, supply chain trends, technological innovations, key developments, and future strategies. Key Topics Covered: 1 Market Outline 2 Executive Summary 3 Market Overview 3.1 Current Trends 3.1.1 Microfluidics Integration in Single Cell Analysis 3.1.2 Asia Pacific Region Provides Huge Growth Potential 3.1.3 Huge R&D in Stem Cell Research 3.1.4 Recent Technological Developments of Single Cell Analysis 3.1.5 Growth Opportunities/Investment Opportunities 3.2 Drivers 3.3 Constraints 3.4 Industry Attractiveness 4 Single Cell Analysis Market, By Cell Type 4.1 Animal Cells 4.2 Microbial Cells  4.3 Human Cells 5 Single Cell Analysis Market, By Application 5.1 Research Applications 5.2 Medical Applications 6 Single Cell Analysis Market, By Product 6.1 Consumables 6.2 Instruments 7 Single Cell Analysis Market, By End User 7.1 Hospitals and Diagnostic Laboratories 7.2 Cell Banks and IVF Centers 7.3 Biotechnology and Biopharmaceutical Companies 7.4 Research & Academic Laboratories 8 Single Cell Analysis Market, By Geography 9 Key Player Activities 9.1 Mergers & Acquisitions 9.2 Partnerships, Joint Venture's, Collaborations and Agreements 9.3 Product Launch & Expansions 9.4 Other Activities 10 Leading Companies 10.1 Merck KGAA 10.2 Becton, Dickinson and Company 10.3 Johnson & Johnson 10.4 Beckman Coulter Inc. (A Subsidiary of Danaher Corporation) 10.5 EMD Millipore Corporation 10.6 Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. 10.7 Epic Sciences 10.8 Fluidigm Corporation 10.9 Laboratory Corp. of America Inc. 10.10 Illumina, Inc. 10.11 Nanostring Technologies, Inc. 10.12 Ge Healthcare 10.13 Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. 10.14 Nugen Technologies Inc. 10.15 Qiagen N.V. 10.16 Agilent Technologies, Inc. For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/5lfbg3/global_single Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 SOURCE Research and Markets RELATED LINKS http://www.researchandmarkets.com More by this Source Global Medical Automation Market to Reach Approximately $75.6 Billion by 2025 - By End User, Application & Geography - Research and Markets 10 Feb, 2017, 18:10 GMT Global Nuclear Medicine Market to Reach Approx. $18 Billion by 2025 - By Application, Isotopes & Geography - Research and Markets 10 Feb, 2017, 18:10 GMT Personalized Medicine - Scientific and Commercial Aspects - 318 Companies Profiled with 575 Collaborations - Research and Markets 10 Feb, 2017, 18:10 GMT View all news by Research and Markets Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Publishing & Information Services News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Immunovaccine says Princess Margaret Cancer Centre to conduct Phase ... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon Feb 6, 2017 | 7:58am EST BRIEF-Immunovaccine says Princess Margaret Cancer Centre to conduct Phase 2 clinical trial to evaluate use of co, Merck's combination of immunotherapies Feb 6 Immunovaccine Inc : * Immunovaccine's lead immuno-oncology candidate to enter investigator-sponsored Phase 2 clinical trial in ovarian cancer in combination with approved anti-PD-1 drug * Princess Margaret Cancer Centre to conduct Phase 2 clinical trial to evaluate use of combination of immunotherapies from co and Merck * Expects to announce top-line interim results for Phase 1B trial of DPX-Survivac by end of March 2017 * In addition to Phase 2 trial, Immunovaccine is conducting a phase 1B trial with Incyte Corporation Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: Next In Market News Bank of Canada's blockchain tests spotlight challenges TORONTO, Feb 10 The Bank of Canada's early experiment on a blockchain-based payment system highlights challenges such as cost-efficiency and data privacy, according to an article by a senior bank official published on Friday. BRIEF-Imperial amends senior credit facility covenants * Imperial amends senior credit facility covenants Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: UPDATE 2-Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business Feb 10 Amazon.com Inc warned on Friday that government actions to bolster domestic companies against foreign competition could hurt its business, in a possible reference to U.S. President Donald Trump's "America First" agenda. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
02112017Headline: Global Artificial Lift System Market has been expected to grow at CAGR 4.7% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research 20 hours ago Global Hydroelectric power generation Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Applications, Market Size, Segmentation, Compandy Share: Acute Market Reports 20 hours ago New Research – Swimming Goggles Market Growth Trends, Key Players, Competitive Strategies and Forecasts 2017 – Acute Market Reports 21 hours ago Stamping Fluids Global Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports 21 hours ago Rolling Oil Global Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports 21 hours ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Human Chorionic Gonadotropin Market is expected to grow USD533.7Mn till 2023 – Credence Research Global Human Chorionic Gonadotropin Market is expected to grow USD533.7Mn till 2023 – Credence Research February 6, 2017 | by Satyamspot | According to the latest report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Human Chorionic Gonadotropin Market (Treatments: Female Infertility, Oligospermia, Cryptorchidism & Others; Technology: Natural Source Extraction & Recombinant DNA Technology): Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016-2022,” the human chorionic gonadotropin market was valued at USD346.3 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD533.7Mn by 2022, expanding at a CAGR of 6% from 2016 to 2022. Market Insights Infertility treatment in both males and females is the major treatment area whereHCG is commonly administered. Growing incidence of infertility in women,contributed by increased maternity age, lifestyle effects and others, hormonaldysfunctions in men and growing incidence of oligospermia are the key factors thathave supported the demand for HCG drugs in the market. The demand for HCG issteady in developed markets of Europe and North America. On the other hand,growing awareness in general population and development of healthcareinfrastructure are supporting the growth in demand for HCG drugs in emergingmarkets. Browse the full report Human Chorionic Gonadotropin:Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016-2022 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/human-chorionic-gonadotropin-market HCG supports the normal development of egg in ovary and stimulates egg release during ovulation. It is also used for infertility treatment in women and to augmentsperm count in men. Young boys with undescended testicles are also administeredHCG treatment. Hugh prevalence of both male and female infertility issues,expanding incidence of low sperm count and sperm density in men are is the keyfactor driving the HCG drugs market. A majority of the products currently availablein the market are natural source, i.e. urine derived HCG. However, in view of batchto batch inconsistency in product purity and requirement of large amount of urinehas resulted in emergence of recombinant production technology. North America is expected to be the largest and most potential regional market forhuman chorionic gonadotropin. North America constitutes regional markets of U.S.and Canada, the rising incidence of infertility cases, lifestyle effects and others,hormonal dysfunctions in men and women are the major driver for the growth ofthe global human chorionic gonadotropin market. Asia-Pacific is the expected to bethe most potential regional market for human chorionic gonadotropin market by2022. Over the next six years, the growth of the market in the Asia-Pacific region islikely to be centered in Japan, South Korea, China, and India.The key players in human chorionic gonadotropin market are EMD Serono, Inc.,Ferring B.V., Merck & Co., Inc., Bristol Myers Squibb Company and Fresenius KabiUSA, LLC.  Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58297 About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Media Contact Name: Chris Smith Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Global Artificial Lift System Market has been expected to grow at CAGR 4.7% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research Global Hydroelectric power generation Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Applications, Market Size, Segmentation, Compandy Share: Acute Market Reports New Research – Swimming Goggles Market Growth Trends, Key Players, Competitive Strategies and Forecasts 2017 – Acute Market Reports Stamping Fluids Global Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Global Artificial Lift System Market has been expected to grow at CAGR 4.7% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research Global Hydroelectric power generation Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Applications, Market Size, Segmentation, Compandy Share: Acute Market Reports New Research – Swimming Goggles Market Growth Trends, Key Players, Competitive Strategies and Forecasts 2017 – Acute Market Reports Stamping Fluids Global Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Rolling Oil Global Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Kidney Fibrosis Treatment Market is Expected to Generate Huge Profits by 2020 North America, followed by the Europe, dominates the global market for kidney fibrosis due to large number of aging population and better healthcare facilities available in the region. In addition, there is high prevalence of kidney diseases in the region. According to The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), a public health institute in 2014, in the U.S., it is estimated that more than 20 million people are suffering from chronic kidney disease. Asia is expected to show high growth rate in the next few years in global kidney fibrosis treatment market. China and India are expected to be the fastest kidney fibrosis market in Asia region. Some of the key driving forces for kidney fibrosis market in emerging countries are increasing R&D investment, large pool of patients, rising government funding and growing level of awareness. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3102 Diseases such as obesity accelerate the incidence of kidney fibrosis. In addition, habits such smoking also adds to increment in incidence of kidney fibrosis. Increasing patient pool, rising awareness about treatment of kidney diseases and government funding are some of the key factors driving the kidney fibrosis market. In addition, introduction of safer and effective therapeutics for the treatment of kidney fibrosis is driving the market. However, high cost involved and no success for all the cases is restraining the kidney fibrosis market. Introduction of the concept of personalized medicines, mono-therapeutic approaches or combination of therapies are expected to offer good opportunities for kidney fibrosis market. In addition, introduction statins for, which are related to lowering of lipid content, thus expected to be an efficient treatment for kidney scarring. Growing demographics and economies in the developing countries such as India and China in Asia and other countries in South East Asia, Latin America and Middle East are expected to offer high growth in kidney fibrosis treatment market. One of the major trends that have been observed in kidney fibrosis treatment market includes various pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies involved in R&D of some novel medications for the treatment of kidney fibrosis. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/3102 Some of the key companies dealing in kidney fibrosis treatment market are F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Pfizer, Inc, La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company, Merck & Co., InterMune, Inc. and Galectin Therapeutics, Inc. Other companies dealing the kidney fibrosis treatment market which have significant presence are Genzyme Corporation, ProMetic Life Sciences Inc. and BioLineRx, Ltd. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Fibrosis, Google News, Health, Healthcare Market, intelligence, Kidney, Kidney Fibrosis, Kidney Fibrosis Treatment Industry, Kidney Fibrosis Treatment Market, major, Market Analysis Report, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, Markets, satellite, satPRnews, Treatment Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mobile Emission Catalyst Market: Global Industry Trends and Developments by 2021 Next PostNext Beazley expands specialty lines presence in Canada Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Global Anti Aging Products and Therapies Market is Expected to Reach $237.8 Billion by 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies market is accounted for $127.9 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $237.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 9.2% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increasing demand for anti-aging hair care products, rise in urbanization and per capita income, advancement in cosmetic technologies, Laser/Energy-Based Cosmetic Treatments and aging population worldwide are driving the market growth. Stringent regulatory environment and safety concerns related to anti-aging products & devices are expected to constrain the market. Emerging economies, new product development and innovations will provide an opportunity for the market to grow. Browse the report:  http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/anti-aging-products-and-therapies-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 The skin lightening market is expected to grow with highest CAGR for the forecast period. The LED therapy devices segment occupies the largest share followed by lasabrasion devices market in devices segment. The product market accounts for the largest share of the overall anti-aging product and services market. North America is the leading Market for anti-aging market due to high awareness about aging. Asia Pacific market is expected to grow further followed by Rest of The Word. Some of the key players in global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies market are L’Oréal SA, Merck & Company Inc, Johnson & Johnson, Allergan Inc, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Unilever PLC, Elizabeth Arden Inc, Novartis International AG, Avon Products Inc, Henkel KgaA, Beiersdorf AG, Woodridge Labs Inc, Coty Inc., Photomedex and Solta Medical, Inc. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184771 Products Covered: Multifunctional Anti – stretch marks Anti ageing Natural or Organic Skin Lightening Devices Covered: Laser Aesthetic Devices Anti-Cellulite Treatment Devices Radiofrequency Devices UV absorbers LED/infrared light therapy devices Cryotherapy Skincare Devices Microcurrent & Ultrasound Skincare Devices Electrosurgery Skincare Devices Active Ingredients Covered: Argirelline Vitamin C Epidermal growth factors Co-enzyme Q1 Retinol Sun Protection Factor (SPF) Hyaluronic acid Arbutin Hydroquinone kojic Acid Licorice Extract Vitamin B3 Mulberry Extract Glycolic Acid Other Ingredients Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184771 Therapies Covered: Eye-Lid Surgery Hormone replacement therapy Breast Augmentation Chemical peels Hair Restoration Services Gene therapy Predictive medicine Proteomics Genomics Botox Anti-Pigmentation Therapy Rejuvenation and dermal filler Liposuction Telomere based therapy Abdominoplasty Sclerotherapy Injectable skin Electrosurgery Disease and conditions Covered: Bone and Joint Conditions Respiratory Disorders Cardiovascular Disorders Urinary Incontinence Endocrine Disorders Sexual Dysfunction Eye Disorders Demographics Covered: Generation X Baby boomers Generation Y Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe GermanyFrance Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAnti Aging Products and Therapies Market, Business, Companies, company, Electronics, Environment, Google News, Industry, Machinery, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Country Floors Announces 2nd Annual Tile Design Challenge With New York Cottages & Gardens Magazine to benefit Housing Works NYC Next PostNext Syrac Inspirations Review The Unconventional Habits Of The Highly Successful Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Industries Pharmaceuticals Drug stocks dip after Spicer affirms Trump’s stance on cutting costs By Tomi Kilgore Published: Feb 7, 2017 4:42 p.m. ET Share Drug-sector trackers extend losses in afternoon trade after Spicer’s comments Getty Images White House press secretary Sean Spicer. By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor Drug stocks took a hit Tuesday, after White House press secretary Sean Spicer confirmed that President Donald Trump was in favor of Medicare drug price negotiations. The SPDR S&P Pharmaceuticals exchange-traded fund XPH, +0.00%  closed down 0.9%, adding to declines of about 0.6% prior to Spicer’s comments. The iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology fund IBB, -0.07%  slipped 0.4%, but was little changed from before Spicer’s press briefing. FactSet Trump has vowed to make major changes to bring down drug prices, as well as pushing for faster drug approvals and a new tax structure to promote U.S. manufacturing. In a room full of pharmaceutical executives last week, Trump used aspirin as an example of the flaws in U.S. drug pricing. There was some question about Trump’s stance on drug price negotiations, after he said he would oppose regulations that make it harder to bring drugs to market, including price fixing. When asked in the press briefing Tuesday whether Trump was for Medicare negotiating drug prices, Spicer said, “He’s for it, yes. Absolutely.” Here's what Trump means for health care(1:41) President-elect Donald Trump's vow to "repeal and replace" the Affordable Care Act has created uncertainty in the health-care sector. Here's what Trump's policies mean for the future of health care. Those comments weighed on shares of some drug-sector heavyweights: Merck & Co. Inc. MRK, -0.37%  shed 1.1% on Tuesday, Allergan PLC AGN, +0.28%  dropped 0.8%, Mylan N.V. MYL, +0.03%  fell 1.5%, Eli Lilly & Co. LLY, +0.12%  eased 0.2% and Pfizer Inc. PFE, -0.09%  lost 0.5%. More from MarketWatch Obama and Richard Branson in Kitesurfing Challenge Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Quote References XPH +0.00 +0.00% IBB -0.19 -0.07% MRK -0.24 -0.37% AGN +0.68 +0.28% MYL +0.01 +0.03% LLY +0.09 +0.12% PFE -0.03 -0.09% Show all references Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found SPDR S&P Pharmaceuticals ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XPH $40.79 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 101.1K Open $40.81 High $40.96 Low $40.57 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.9 Market Cap N/A iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF U.S.: Nasdaq: IBB $284.37 -0.19 (-0.07%) Volume 763.3K Open $284.48 High $285.88 Low $283.55 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.13 Market Cap N/A Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $64.15 -0.24 (-0.37%) Volume 8.4M Open $64.32 High $64.57 Low $63.96 P/E Ratio 31.6 Div Yield 2.93 Market Cap 177.5B Allergan PLC U.S.: NYSE: AGN $246.36 +0.68 (+0.28%) Volume 3.1M Open $245.50 High $247.19 Low $243.50 P/E Ratio 6.59 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 92.1B Mylan N.V. U.S.: Nasdaq: MYL $39.31 +0.01 (+0.03%) Volume 2.5M Open $39.09 High $39.46 Low $39.00 P/E Ratio 77.08 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 21.0B Eli Lilly & Co. U.S.: NYSE: LLY $77.79 +0.09 (+0.12%) Volume 2.6M Open $77.87 High $78.25 Low $77.60 P/E Ratio 30.15 Div Yield 2.67 Market Cap 85.8B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $32.35 -0.03 (-0.09%) Volume 19.1M Open $32.41 High $32.45 Low $32.23 P/E Ratio 27.77 Div Yield 3.96 Market Cap 196.5B LatestNews
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Animal Healthcare Market Analysis Will Expand at a CAGR of 5.1% from 2015 – 2020 Revenues generated through sales of animal healthcare products and services are expected to reach $35 billion by the end of 2016, according to a report, “Animal Healthcare Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015 – 2020” by Future Market Insights (FMI). Growing pet humanisation trend and focus on preventive healthcare are expected to drive demand for animal healthcare products, such as feed additives, pharmaceuticals, and vaccines. Production Animal Segment Accounts for Higher Demand  FMI’s report has broadly segmented the animal healthcare market into production animal and companion animal. Between these, demand for healthcare products and services is higher from the production animal segment. Production animal healthcare revenues totalled nearly $21.8 billion in 2015 vis-à-vis $11.7 billion of companion animals. Feed Additives Segment Worth $15.7 Billion in 2015 The key product categories that account for bulk of the revenues in the animal healthcare market are feed additives, pharmaceuticals, and vaccines. Among these, demand for feed additives is the highest, with global revenues totalling $15.7 billion in 2015. By 2020, feed additives are forecasted to account for nearly 48% revenues of the global animal healthcare market. Request Free Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-431 US, China, and France Among the Largest Markets FMI’s report has analysed the animal healthcare market in North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and Middle East and Africa. North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific account for nearly 88% revenues of the global market. The US, China, Japan, France, Germany, and the U.K. are among the most lucrative markets for companies operating in the animal healthcare landscape. The North America animal healthcare market was valued at $11.3 billion in 2015, of which the U.S. accounted for nearly $9.2 billion. FMI’s report forecasts the market to increase at 4.5% CAGR through 2020 to reach $14.1 billion in revenues. The Europe animal healthcare market was valued at $9.6 billion in 2015; it is estimated to expand at 4.7% CAGR through 2020 and total $12.2 billion in revenues. France is the largest market for animal healthcare products and services in Europe, accounting for $1.9 billion in revenues in 2015. FMI’s report forecasts Turkey to be the fastest growing country in the Europe animal healthcare market. The Asia Pacific animal healthcare market was valued at $8.3 billion in 2015, and FMI estimates it to expand at 6.2% CAGR through 2020. China is the most lucrative country in the Asia Pacific animal healthcare market, and is expected to expand at the fastest CAGR in Asia Pacific. By 2020, China is expected to represent nearly 62% market share. Send An Enquiry@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-431 Animal Healthcare Market: Key Players Some of the leading players operating in the pharmaceutical & vaccine segment of animal healthcare market include Bayer Healthcare AG, Merck & Co., Inc. (Intervet), Virbac S.A, Eli Lilly and Company (Elanco/Novartis), Vetoquinol SA, Zoetis, Inc. (Pfizer), Ceva Santé Animale, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Nutreco N.V. and Sanofi S.A. (MERIAL Limited). Major animal feed additive manufacturers include Cargill Inc. (Provimi), Koninklijke DSM N.V., ADM Alliance Nutrition, and Evonik Industries AG. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAnimal Healthcare Market, Animal Healthcare Market Share, Companies, company, Google News, Industry, Machinery, major, Markets Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Company Launched to Connect Health Plans and Eye Care Providers, Helping Deliver Care to Patients with Chronic Disease Next PostNext Ultrapetrol (Bahamas) Limited Initiates Prepackaged Chapter 11 Proceedings Pursuant to Restructuring Support Agreements Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Saturday, 11 Feb 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Saturday, 11 Feb 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan The Express Tribune > Pakistan   Trump takes drugs for hair-loss, reveals physician Share Tweet Trump takes drugs for hair-loss, reveals physician Studie­s find 96% of men who had used the drug contin­ued to suffer from side-effect­s, includ­ing anxiet­y and depres­sion By News Desk Published: February 7, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email US President Donald Trump. PHOTO: AFP US President Donald Trump is taking a prescription drug with potentially threatening side effects. While speaking to the New York Times, Trump’s personal physician Dr Harold N Bornstein revealed that the president was taking additional drugs: an antibiotic to control a minor skin condition that causes redness called rosacea and Finasteride – a prostrate drug often taking for hair loss. UK speaker says opposed to allowing Trump to address parliament In 2015, Dr Bornstein declared that, “If elected, Mr Trump, I can state unequivocally, will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency.” Followed by a peculiar  four-paragraph letter detailing Trump’s medical prescriptions: daily dose of aspirin, cholesterol and lipids drugs, and an appendectomy at the age of 10. The second letter, however, stated that Trump got his appendectomy at age 11 not 10. Released a year later, the medical letter stuck to the same prescription drugs. US President Donald J Trump. PHOTO: REUTERS What is Finasteride? It is a prescription drug to combat male-pattern baldness. Marketed as Propecia, the drug was first approved for prostrate treatment in 1992, half a decade later it was re-approved as a treatment for hair-loss despite research suggesting potential side effects as sexual dysfunction. A 2012 study found 96% of the men who had used the finasteride, continued to suffer from the side-effects after treatment. Another study associated suicidal tendencies as a possible side-effect while a research published in 2013 showed symptoms of anxiety and depression in finasteride patients – abnormal neuroactive steroid levels and heightened testosterone. Thousands protest in US, Europe over Trump travel ban The Washington Post reported that Merck, a company which sells finasteride, has approximately 1,370 lawsuits filed against it for sexual side effects. While it unclear why the details of this prescription drug was not released before in the official letters, or whether there are more unhidden details about Trump’s medical history, the mystery behind the president’s hair has been deciphered! This article originally appeared on the Independent.  Read more: Trump , Trump Hair Read full story Recommended Stories US court rejects plea seeking immediate reinstatement of Trump travel ban Trump administration lodged the request against a lower court order temporarily suspending the travel ban German magazine sparks furore with image of Trump beheading Statue of Liberty It depicts a cartoon figure of Trump with a bloodied knife and the statue's head dripping with blood Iran says unlike what Trump thinks, nuclear deal is a 'win-win' accord New US president reads text of nuclear deal but cannot accept it, says President Hassan Rouhani Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 iPhone users can now use WhatsApp 'without Internet' 2 Mohammad Irfan under investigation but not suspended yet 3 UK sex gang members face deportation to Pakistan 4 10 hidden WhatsApp features you didn't know existed 5 PCB suspends Islamabad United duo for corruption 6 Pakistan to borrow $600m from China 7 Forget India, profit from ‘quiet rise’ of Pakistan: Barron’s Asia 8 Balu Mahi review: Paisa vasool but stretches too long 9 Former SRK employee spills the beans on superstar 10 Pak Suzuki unveils another imported vehicle - this time the 1.4L Ciaz Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) Fashion Under One Roof Of Gems and WildFlowers Let’s Brunch More in PakistanIranian rock band Kook performs in Pakistan © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? webmaster@tribune.com.pk Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? webmaster@tribune.com.pk facebook twitter whatsapp
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Intrauterine Devices Worldwide Market Research Report by Region, Type, Application and Forecast To 2021 ReportsWeb.com published World Intrauterine Devices Market Research Report 2021from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating i   (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 07, 2017 ) Publisher's Intrauterine Devices market research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving Revenue growth and profitability. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market. The report includes the forecasts, Analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players. Global Intrauterine Devices Market: Product Segment Analysis Hormonal intrauterine device Copper intrauterine device Global Intrauterine Devices Market: Application Segment Analysis For More Information About This Report: http://www.reportsweb.com/world-intrauterine-devices-market-research-report-2021 Global Intrauterine Devices Market: Regional Segment Analysis USA Europe Japan China India South East Asia The Players mentioned in our report Allergan Bayer Eurogine HRA Pharma Medisafe Distribution OCON Medical SMB Merck & Co Besins HealthCare Teva Pharmaceutical Request Sample Copy At: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001589715/sample Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market 2017 by Trends, Growth and Forecast to 2021 ReportsWeb.com published Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market   (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 07, 2017 ) A drug is generally composed of APIs and excipients. Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients are chemical compounds or a combination of compounds that are used primarily to have the desired effect on biological systems. Excipients are inactive ingredients in a drug that are used to disperse APIs. APIs may be synthesized either through chemical or biotechnological methods. Publisher's analysts forecast the global active pharmaceutical ingredients market to grow at a CAGR of 6.61% during the period 2017-2021. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-active-pharmaceutical-ingredients-market-2017-2021 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global active pharmaceutical ingredients market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the sales of APIs in key applications areas of the pharmaceutical industry. The report considers the revenue generated from the sales of cardiovascular drugs, diabetes drugs, central nervous system (CNS) drugs, oncology drugs, and others. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Aurobindo Pharma -Cipla -Dr. Reddy's Laboratories -Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited -Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001502515/sample . Other prominent vendors -Abbott Laboratories -Albemarle -Amgen -BASF -Biocon -Boehringer Ingelheim -Bristol-Myers Squibb -CIRON Drugs & Pharmaceuticals -Dishman Pharmaceuticals and Chemicals -Emcure Pharmaceuticals -Ipca Laboratories -Johnson Matthey -Guilin Pharmaceutical -Johnson & Johnson -Lonza Group -Merck -Novartis -Pfizer -Roche Market driver -Strong focus on HPAPI -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Government regulations -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Growing influence of key markets -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001502515/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Market Study on Expected Growth for Cancer Vaccines Market Market Study on Expected Growth for Cancer Vaccines Market Posted on February 7, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases According to World Health Organization, approximately 8.2 million deaths are reported in the year of 2012 due to cancer. New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 02/06/2017 — Cancer (also called as malignant tumor or neoplasms) refers to the disease condition in which abnormal cells grow and invade in uncontrolled way to other tissues. This may lead to an uncontrolled spread of cancer tumors in the body. These cancer tumors are benign or malignant type. Benign tumors are non-cancerous and do not spread to other parts of the body. Malignant tumors spread throughout the body through lymph and blood. There are more than 100 types of cancers and most of them are named based on the organ or types of the cell where they occur. For example, thyroid cancer refers to the cancer of thyroid gland, pancreatic cancer is the cancer in the tissue of pancreas and lung cancer refers to the cancer in the tissue of lungs. Cancer vaccines enables to prevent the growth of cancer or reduce the risk of an individual. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/5405 According to World Health Organization, approximately 8.2 million deaths are reported in the year of 2012 due to cancer. Also, it is predicted that annual cancer cases will rise to 14 million to 22 million in next two decades. In addition, it is stated by National Cancer Institute that there are approximately 1,660,290 cases reported in the United States in year 2013. These increasing incidences of cancer cases drives the market of cancer vaccines during the forecast period. The major driving factor of cancer vaccines is that these are low cost treatment as compared to the high cost cancer therapies which are commercially available. Moreover, increasing use of tobacco, alcohol and unhealthy dietary habits are leading risk factors for increasing number of cancer cases that will further propel the growth of cancer vaccines market. However, less number of commercially available vaccines for the treatment of cancer might restrain the market growth. Geographically, North America and Europe dominates the global cancer vaccines market due to large patient base and rise in treatment seeking population in these regions. Also, with the rise in geriatric population the number of people diagnosed with cancer also increases that ultimately impacts the growth of cancer vaccines in these markets. The market of cancer vaccines in Asia-Pacific holds a strong growth as there is a rise in total number of newly diagnosed patient population in this region. According to World Health Organization, 60% of the world's annual cases occur in Africa, Asia and South America. Various key players dominating the global cancer vaccines market comprises Biogen Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Roche Inc. and others. To View TOC of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/5405 Key geographies evaluated in this report are: North America U.S Canada Europe France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the UK Eastern Europe CIS APAC China India Japan Australia Others Latin America Argentina Brazil Others For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/market-study-on-expected-growth-for-cancer-vaccines-market-767632.htm Media Relations Contact Rahul Singh Marketing Manager Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd Telephone: 800-961-0353 Email: Click to Email Rahul Singh Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/cancer-vaccines-market.asp Latest News Mazzitti & Sullivan Counseling Services Launches New Website Introducing the First Guitar Stand ​That Fits in the Palm of Your Hand Cablefax is Now Accepting Entries for The FAXIES Awards; Entry Deadline March 3 A’ Photography Awards 2017 is Looking for Photographers with Outstanding Works who are Aiming at Getting Global Fame and Recognition Paso Robles Plumber Quality 1st Plumbing Announces Special Discount For Local Veterans Pixel Film Studios Announces TransFocus Layers for Final Cut Pro X Vernon Computer Source Offering $2,000 Scholarship National Debt Relief Explains When Debt Consolidation Is A Good And Bad Idea Uncorked Wine Tours Releases “Top Paso Robles Wine Tour Stops” List for 2017 Credit2B Announces Addition of Chief Product Officer © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Key to Understanding Millennials 'Nobody Makes Money Off That': What We Heard This Week iMedicalApps: VA App Pulls Data from Almost Anywhere Op-Ed: Neil Gorsuch and Assisted Suicide cme/ce Certolizumab Benefits Persist in RA LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Cardiology cme/ce Overall PCI Data Mostly Unaffected by Including Shock Patients But some negative outliers emerge when included in public reporting MedpageToday savesaved register today Earn Free CME Credits by reading the latest medical news in your specialty.sign up by Nicole Lou Reporter, MedPage Today/CRTonline.org February 06, 2017 Action Points Inclusion of refractory shock patients or exclusion of all shock patients made no difference to overall physician or hospital risk-adjusted mortality rates after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in New York state. Note that despite no overall change in mortality rates, 10-15% of individual cardiologists slipped in and out of outlier status depending on the inclusion or exclusion of data on shock patients. The addition of shock patients to public reporting made no difference to risk-adjusted mortality rates after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in New York state, researchers found, though some hospitals and physicians were still associated with more-than-expected deaths. Edward L. Hannan, PhD, of State University of New York, University at Albany, and colleagues tested what would happen with New York's Percutaneous Coronary Interventions Reporting System under two circumstances: the inclusion of refractory shock patients and the exclusion of all shock patients. Neither model significantly changed the registry's risk-adjusted mortality rates, with a minimum correlation of 0.92 for hospital-level scores, they reported in JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions, adding that correlations to physician rates were 0.99 across the board (P<0.0001). "Risk-adjusted hospital and physician mortality rates are highly correlated regardless of whether shock patients are included in public reporting," the authors concluded. "Despite our examination of the hypothetical impact of public reporting when these patients are included, it should be noted that the Department of Health is not currently considering including refractory shock patients in future public reporting," they nevertheless added. New York discontinued public reporting for PCI patients with refractory shock in 2008. Doctors have expressed concern that those who saw more high-risk patients would inherently have a worse public report card; the risk averse may avoid shock patients outright. Hannan's group found that with or without the current exclusion of shock patients, there was a similar number of outlier hospitals and operators that had particularly high or low death rates. There were, however, 10-15% of cardiologists that slipped in and out of outlier status depending on the model that was used -- suggesting that shock perhaps did make a difference. "The study's results support the current New York State PCI public reporting policy in the aggregate: the two alternatives studied identify a very similar number of outlier physicians and institutions when compared with the existing reporting policy," wrote Frederic S. Resnic, MD, MSc, and Arjun Majithia, MD, both of Lahey Hospital and Medical Center in Burlington, Mass., in an accompanying editorial. "However, a different picture emerges when viewed through the perspective of an individual PCI operator. From this vantage, there should be significant concerns regarding which specific operators are identified using the alternative analysis policies. Despite the findings of high overall correlation among the risk-adjustment policies, a significant percentage of outliers identified in each exclusion rule were not outliers using the alternative public reporting policy." "An ever-present concern of interventional cardiologists in public reporting environments is that they may be misidentified as a negative outlier in the public reports that could threaten their professional reputation, clinical referrals, and even their ability to continue to perform PCI at all. The differences in specific physician identification based on strategy of shock inclusion in the current study will be unlikely to assuage concerns regarding the imprecision of contemporary risk-adjustment approaches used for public reporting," they determined. For Hannan and colleagues' retrospective analysis, records from the PCI registry were matched to mortality data from New York's Vital Statistics records. The data spanned the 2005-2013 files. "A few recent studies have demonstrated that the percentage of acute MI patients and acute MI patients with shock who undergo PCI is lower in New York and other public reporting states than in other states," the authors commented. "This suggests that there is a fear among physicians in New York that their ratings in public reports are adversely affected by acute MI patients with shock (in this case, nonrefractory shock because refractory shock patients are already excluded from public reporting)." Resnic and Majithia asked: "So, how do we move forward to preserve the documented benefits of public reporting without reducing access to care for the sickest patients?" "We believe that the first step is to reconsider whether risk-adjusted mortality is adequate as the sole quality measure for PCI (or for any procedure or intervention). Expanding our public reports to incorporate meaningful measures of access to care (both for vulnerable patient populations, as well as the most acutely ill), procedural appropriateness, and evaluation of condition-specific (as compared with procedure-specific) outcomes would complement risk-adjusted post-procedural mortality and provide a more rational and comprehensive report card of the overall quality of care delivered." "We also advocate for the continued collection and review of all PCI cases, but excluding from the publicly released reports extraordinarily high-risk emergent patients, including those experiencing out-of-hospital cardiac arrest and all patients presenting with cardiogenic shock before PCI," the editorialists added. Hannan disclosed no relevant relationships with industry. Co-authors disclosed relevant relationships with Abbott Vascular, AstraZeneca, Capicor, Merck, and Stentys. Resnic and Majithia disclosed no relevant relationships with industry. Reviewed by Henry A. Solomon, MD, FACP, FACC Clinical Associate Professor, Weill Cornell Medical College and Dorothy Caputo, MA, BSN, RN, Nurse Planner 2017-02-06T14:00:00-0500 Primary Source JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions Source Reference: Hannan EL, et al "The impact of excluding shock patients on hospital and physician risk-adjusted mortality rates for percutaneous coronary interventions: the implications for public reporting" JACC Cardiovasc Interv 2017; DOI: 10.1016/j.jcin.2016.10.040. Secondary Source JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions Source Reference: Resnic FS and Majithia A "Rationalizing our report cards" JACC Cardiovasc Interv 2017; DOI: 10.1016/j.jcin.2016.12.017. take posttest 0 comments More in Cardiology Unwitnessed Stroke Treatment Cath Lab Recap: Fully Percutaneous EVAR; Aneurysms Within BVS Heater-Cooler Infections Reported in Australia CardioBrief: Enormous NOAC Study Halted for 'Overwhelming Efficacy' About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Global Statins Market is Expected to Witness a Steady Growth by 2022 Statins are special class of drugs that helps in lowering of blood cholesterol level in the body. This is prescribed to lower down the low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol in the body and thus reduce mortality in high risk patients. Demand for statins is long driven by increasing healthcare awareness among common masses. In U.S., over 500,000 people suffers heart attack every year.  Though cholesterol level is easy to maintain provided one follow healthy diet, sedentary lifestyle has been a major challenge for over last several years. As such, over quarter of the Americans in U.S. take statins to lower down the cholesterol level. Over the past few years, statins market has proved to be a lucrative and profitable market, especially for players that are focused on it. Consumption of statins is quite high among geriatrics population. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3038 Rise in prevalence of cholesterol owing to changing lifestyle has led to increased demand for statins worldwide. As per the WHO, Europe followed by North America has witnessed highest elevated total cholesterol level worldwide. There has been a significant rise in patients with obesity, cardiovascular diseases and diabetes which in turn is expected to drive the demand for statins worldwide.  In North America, over 70% American adults are suffering from LDL cholesterol. As such, demand for effective treatment of LDL cholesterol has led to increased demand of statins globally. Furthermore, increase in healthcare expenditure in emerging regions along with technological advancement, modern healthcare amenities, and various cholesterol related healthcare campaign is expected to boost overall demand for stains worldwide. Though the market is poised to grow at a significant rate, increasing preference for alternative medicines in emerging regions is proving a major challenge for overall growth of the stains market. Degrading socioeconomic conditions is another key restraint for this market. Statins Market is broadly classified on the basis of the following segments Statins Market by Drug Class: Astrovastatin Fluvastatin Lovastatin Pravastatin Simvastatin Others Statins Market by Therapeutic Treatment: Cardiovascular disorders Obesity Inflammatory disorders Others Statins Market by End User: Hospitals Clinics The statins market is expected to witness healthy CAGR during the forecast period. With rapid technological advancement and innovation, statins market is expected to grow globally. North America and Europe are the largest market for statins while Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market during the forecast period. The statins market is expected to register a significant CAGR during the forecast period. Depending on geographic regions, statins market is segmented into seven key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa (MEA). The statins market is led by North America followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. North America statins market is expected to expand slowly when compared to Asia Pacific. Latin America and MEA are expected to witness moderate growth during the forecast period. Increase in incidence rate of obesity and cardiovascular related disorders in emerging regions along with changes in healthcare regulatory regimes in some of these regions is expected to boost overall demand for statins in developing regions. Many companies are focusing on strengthening their distribution networks in Asia Pacific to expand their market presence as well as increase their profit pools over the next few years. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/3038 Some of the key market players for statins market are AstraZeneca plc, Pfizer Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Novartis International AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Biocon, Concord Biotech, and Aurobindo Pharma Ltd. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattack, Business, Companies, drugs, Global Statins Market, Google News, Healthcare Market, intelligence, Life Sciences, Lifestyle, major, Market Analysis Report, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, Markets, satellite, satPRnews, Statins, Statins Equipment, Statins Market, Transformational Health Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cleantech Building Materials plc – optagelse til handel af nye aktier Next PostNext Cleantech Building Materials Plc – increase Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Lethal Injection Dakota Pipeline Protests TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Jan 31 2017, 10:33 am ET Trump Tells Drugmakers to Manufacture in the U.S. by Dan Mangan, CNBC Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Trump Calls for Lower Drug Prices During Pharma Meeting 1:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/866677315696" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> President Donald Trump, during a meeting with leading drugmakers at the White House on Tuesday, called on them to produce their pharmaceuticals in the United States and said that he wanted to control "astronomical" drug prices. Trump also blasted foreign countries, which he said have been "freeloading" on the United States with price controls that limit what their own citizens can be charged for medications. "We have to get the prices down," Trump said. "We have to get the prices way down." "We have to get lower prices, we have to get even better innovation, and I want you to move your companies back to the United States," Trump said. "I want you to manufacture in the United States." Related: What's to Blame for High Drug Costs? Trump also said he wanted to make it easier for pharmaceutical companies to win regulatory approval for their products. "You're going to get your prices either approved, or not approved," the president said. "But it's going to be a quick process. It's not going to take 15 years." The meeting included the CEOs of Merck, Amgen, Eli Lilly, Novartis, Johnson & Johnson, as well as the head of the trade group PhRMA. In remarks to reporters while flanked by those CEOs, Trump said, "The U.S. drug companies have produced extraordinary results for our country, but the prices have been astronomical for our country." Dan Mangan, CNBC Email Topics Business News, Health news First Published Jan 31 2017, 10:33 am ET Next Story Top Fed Regulator to Resign in April, Setting Stage for Trump Shakeup advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
