Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: Myokardia Inc (MYOK) Insider Sells 667 Shares of Stock Andrew Koven Sells 7,025 Shares of Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc (ARZ) Stock Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) CEO Sells $112,365.00 in Stock Harry Fleming Purchases 25,000 Shares of Nobilis Health Corp (NHC) Stock Gerald K. Carlson Sells 12,000 Shares of Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Stock Insider Buying: PJT Partners Inc (PJT) Chairman Buys 16,500 Shares of Stock Eastman Kodak Company Common New (KODK) Major Shareholder Credit Opportunit Bluemountain Sells 115,438 Shares Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Class A (OSG) Major Shareholder Bluemountain Capital Managemen Sells 65,253 Shares Cintas Co. (CTAS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Affimed NV (AFMD) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Buying: Lithium X Energy Corp (LIX) Director Acquires 20,000 Shares of Stock Mediagrif Interactive Technologies Inc (MDF) Insider Buys C$112,000.00 in Stock Global Payments Inc (GPN) Director Sells $48,018.00 in Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Jensyn Acquisition Corp (JSYNU) Stake Owned by Jensyn Capital, LLC Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Stake Held by Integrated Core Strategies (Us) LLC Insider Selling: Ebix Inc (EBIX) Director Sells 2,675 Shares of Stock Merck & Co.’s (MRK) Market Perform Rating Reaffirmed at Leerink Swann March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Leerink Swann restated their market perform rating on shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) in a research report released on Monday morning. Several other brokerages also recently issued reports on MRK. Vetr downgraded Merck & Co. from a sell rating to a strong sell rating and set a $52.27 price objective for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. Bryan, Garnier & Co started coverage on Merck & Co. in a research note on Friday, January 13th. They issued a buy rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Merck & Co. from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $69.00 target price for the company in a research note on Wednesday, November 23rd. Jefferies Group LLC cut Merck & Co. from a hold rating to an underperform rating and set a $48.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a buy rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Merck & Co. has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $67.72. Shares of Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) traded down 0.02% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $64.10. The company had a trading volume of 2,782,970 shares. The firm has a market cap of $175.99 billion, a P/E ratio of 45.46 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co. has a 52-week low of $51.59 and a 52-week high of $66.80. The company’s 50-day moving average is $64.81 and its 200-day moving average is $62.39. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.00. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The firm earned $10.10 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.22 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.93 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts expect that Merck & Co. will post $3.81 EPS for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 7th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, March 13th. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.93%. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 92.61%. In related news, Director Thomas R. Cech sold 5,000 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.42, for a total transaction of $317,100.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 5,100 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $323,442. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Michael J. Holston sold 91,959 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.96, for a total value of $5,881,697.64. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 105,559 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,751,553.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 106,959 shares of company stock valued at $6,843,448. 0.05% of the stock is owned by insiders. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in MRK. Intellectus Partners LLC acquired a new position in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $103,000. Blume Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in Merck & Co. by 14.0% in the third quarter. Blume Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,710 shares of the company’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the last quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc boosted its position in Merck & Co. by 16.6% in the third quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 2,102 shares of the company’s stock worth $131,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $135,000. Finally, Mascoma Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $135,000. 74.10% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Merck & Co. Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Merck Introduces Mobius® MyWay Portfolio for Customized Single-Use Assemblies Merck Introduces Mobius® MyWay Portfolio for Customized Single-Use Assemblies dinsdag 21 maart 2017 13:02 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire - New portfolio provides shorter lead times for more rapid biomanufacturing - Optimizes balance of delivery speed and customization DARMSTADT, Germany, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck [http://www.merckgroup.com/], a leading science and technology company, today launched an industry first--the Mobius(®) MyWay portfolio [http://merckmillipore.com/singleuse-myway], a program that allows more flexibility, better supply predictability and shorter lead times for more efficient and safer drug manufacture. Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/479389/MobiusMyWay.jpg [https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/479389/MobiusMyWay.jpg] "We have the industry's only comprehensive single-use solution, giving customers three different ways to create customizable assemblies," said Andrew Bulpin, Head of Process Solutions Strategic Marketing & Innovation at the life science business sector of Merck [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/products/life_science/life_science.html]. "This is critical to customers from contract manufacturing organizations to big pharma, whose biggest challenge is getting custom assemblies with fast, reliable lead times for quicker turnarounds and more rapid biomanufacturing." For commercial manufacturers, Merck's Mobius(®) MyWay portfolio helps minimize schedule disruptions and delays. Pilot plants benefit from faster assembly design and delivery in order to adjust to new and evolving needs in real-time. Contract manufacturing organizations benefit from more reliable lead times allowing for better planning, which helps ensure on-time product delivery. Merck's portfolio offers a choice of off-the-shelf and configured-to-order assemblies, as well as fully customizable configurations. Assemblies available as part of the Mobius(®) MyWay portfolio are used for safe and effective fluid management across upstream and downstream processes, from routine buffer and media prep, to critical premium aseptic process and final drug manufacturing. Assemblies are segmented into three categories, each offering a different level of configuration flexibility: -- Mobius(®) Stock offers on-demand solutions ready to ship in 24 hours. -- Mobius(®) Select offers an optimal balance of speed and configurability of custom assemblies from an optimized component library with an agile 6-week lead time. -- Mobius(®) Choice offers highly customized solutions from our expansive component library, shipped in standard lead times. Among the assemblies included in the Mobius(®) MyWay portfolio are Mobius(®) MIX systems and bags up to 1,000 liters; holding and transport vessels up to 3,500 liters; Lynx(®) CDR sterile connectors and single-use final formulation, filtration and final fill assemblies. All Merck news release are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-introduces-mobius-myway-portfolio-for-customized-single-use-assemblies-300425055.html [http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-introduces-mobius-myway-portfolio-for-customized-single-use-assemblies-300425055.html] Merck CONTACT: Karen Tiano +49 6151 72 44461 PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie A Ferrari Design for a Hublot Watch Celebrating Ferrari's 70th Anniversary - Hublot Techframe donderdag 23 maart 2017 14:12 Huawei Unveils SD-WAN Solution to Provide Application-aware Cloud-managed Leased Line for Enterprises donderdag 23 maart 2017 13:54 Happy Birthday Europe! 60 years - Please Don't Retire donderdag 23 maart 2017 13:35 Helaba Satisfied With 2016 Financial Year donderdag 23 maart 2017 13:07 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Computer Electronics | Computer Software | Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Networks Merck Introduces Mobius® MyWay Portfolio for Customized Single-Use Assemblies Translations: English Español Español Español Español Español - New portfolio provides shorter lead times for more rapid biomanufacturing - Optimizes balance of delivery speed and customization DARMSTADT, Germany, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, today launched an industry first—the Mobius® MyWay portfolio, a program that allows more flexibility, better supply predictability and shorter lead times for more efficient and safer drug manufacture. Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/479389/MobiusMyWay.jpg "We have the industry's only comprehensive single-use solution, giving customers three different ways to create customizable assemblies," said Andrew Bulpin, Head of Process Solutions Strategic Marketing & Innovation at the life science business sector of Merck. "This is critical to customers from contract manufacturing organizations to big pharma, whose biggest challenge is getting custom assemblies with fast, reliable lead times for quicker turnarounds and more rapid biomanufacturing." For commercial manufacturers, Merck's Mobius® MyWay portfolio helps minimize schedule disruptions and delays. Pilot plants benefit from faster assembly design and delivery in order to adjust to new and evolving needs in real-time. Contract manufacturing organizations benefit from more reliable lead times allowing for better planning, which helps ensure on-time product delivery. Merck's portfolio offers a choice of off-the-shelf and configured-to-order assemblies, as well as fully customizable configurations. Assemblies available as part of the Mobius® MyWay portfolio are used for safe and effective fluid management across upstream and downstream processes, from routine buffer and media prep, to critical premium aseptic process and final drug manufacturing. Assemblies are segmented into three categories, each offering a different level of configuration flexibility: Mobius® Stock offers on-demand solutions ready to ship in 24 hours. Mobius® Select offers an optimal balance of speed and configurability of custom assemblies from an optimized component library with an agile 6-week lead time. Mobius® Choice offers highly customized solutions from our expansive component library, shipped in standard lead times. Among the assemblies included in the Mobius® MyWay portfolio are Mobius® MIX systems and bags up to 1,000 liters; holding and transport vessels up to 3,500 liters; Lynx® CDR sterile connectors and single-use final formulation, filtration and final fill assemblies. All Merck news release are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. SOURCE Merck More by this Source Merck presenta la cartera Mobius® MyWay para montajes personalizados de un solo uso 21 Mar, 2017, 12:00 GMT Merck führt Mobius® MyWay für Einweg-Baugruppen ein 21 Mar, 2017, 12:00 GMT Merck lance la gamme Mobius® MyWay destinée aux assemblages personnalisés à usage unique 21 Mar, 2017, 12:00 GMT View all news by Merck Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Computer Electronics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / 5th Annual Chief Medical Officer Summit Announced by The Conference Forum 5th Annual Chief Medical Officer Summit Announced by The Conference Forum Posted on March 21, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Peer-to-peer gathering in Boston, MA, for CMOs and investors in emerging biotechs confirms program leaders from Molecular Templates, MassBio, Massachusetts Life Sciences Center, Lysosomal Therapeutics, Flagship Pioneering, SR One and HIG Capital. New York, NY (PRWEB) March 21, 2017 The Conference Forum has announced the launch of the 5th Annual Chief Medical Officer Summit (CMO Summit) to be held on May 10-11, 2017, at the Colonnade Hotel in Boston, MA. The CMO Summit is the only emerging biotech event in the country specifically for Chief Medical Officer peer-to-peer learning, benchmarking and support. “The Chief Medical Officer faces a unique set of challenges at small and emerging biotechs, often with limited resources,” explains Jennifer Moran, Producer at The Conference Forum. “The CMO Summit addresses the particular struggles of this role–which can be an isolated one, with all the responsibility for driving clinical development and CRO management while meeting the needs of investors. We recognized early-on the need for an event that brought CMOs together to start building a network of support.” Program leadership for 2017 includes Chair Dr David Valacer, CMO at Molecular Templates; Bob Coughlin, President and CEO at MassBio; Travis McCready, President and CEO at Massachusetts Life Sciences Center; Kees Been, Founder, President and CEO at Lysosomal Therapeutics; Dr Michael Rosenblatt, CMO at Flagship Pioneering; Ken Getz, Tufts CSDD; Vikas Goyal, Senior Associate at SR One; and Alex Zisson, Managing Director at H.I.G. Capital. 2017 Keynotes Announced: 2017 Keynote, Dr Rosenblatt, a former Merck CMO, will share his observations on career path decision-making and will compare the experiences and lessons learned from being the CMO on the drug development versus the biotech investor sides of the industry. Mr Been is also keynoting with an address on the critical stages in the growth of a biotech start-up. As the current CEO at Lysosomal Therapeutics and the former CEO of EnVivo, Mr Been offers valuable insights into what it takes to meaningfully advance through the stages of the biotech lifecycle. Returning to the program by popular demand, Mr Getz will present his annual keynote on the Impact of M&A on Drug Development Performance and Collaborations. Political Impact on Biotech Address: Mr Coughlin and Mr McCready will deliver the Impact of Current Politics and Policy on Biotech R&D. As the leaders of two organizations that advocate for the growth and success of biotech, they are up-to-date and mindful of outside influences on the sector. They will strategize and offer advice on: Whether the 21st Century Cures Act is more hype than reality? What does the change in administration mean for biotech? What should CMOs be thinking about and acting on in 2017? About the Chief Medical Officer Summit: The CMO Summit is dedicated to accomplishing two goals: To bring together CMO and R&D leadership from emerging biotechs to address the unique challenges in directing all R&D functions with limited resources, while raising capital and strategizing for appropriate exits. To create a network of CMOs and R&D Leadership from small to mid-size life science companies to benchmark, share ideas, solutions and support. Learn more about the Chief Medical Officer Summit. About the Conference Forum: The Conference Forum is a research firm and develops specialized events for professionals in the life science and healthcare industries. The company currently offers conferences for R&D leaders, clinical development professionals, biotech executives, VCs, drug delivery specialists, patient advocates and non-profit/government healthcare groups. The Conference Forum's mission is to create the best content, facilitate the exchange of ideas and provide quality networking to help move therapeutics to patients faster. Learn more about The Conference Forum. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/03/prweb14169973.htm Latest News Racami Selects Crawford Technologies to be New Premier Partner in High-Speed Document Engineering Council for Research Excellence Unveils Second Phase of “The Mind of the Viewer’ Study at ARF Annual Conference BSG Financial Group to Host Webinar About Harnessing Better Data, Not ‘Big Data’ for Performance Improvement Irish –Americans Mourn the Death of Martin Mc Guinness Brain Injury Providers Alliance Calls on Texas Legislature to Prevent Immediate Gap in Services Brain Injury Providers Alliance Calls on Texas Legislature to Prevent Immediate Gap in Services PIRA Energy Market Recap for the Week Ending March 20, 2017 PIRA Energy Market Recap for the Week Ending March 20, 2017 Emergency Fund for Undocumented and International Students Launched at University of Southern California 5th Annual Chief Medical Officer Summit Announced by The Conference Forum © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 March 2017 by Military News Life Cycle Management Strategies – Optimizing – Awareness, Brand Loyalty, Multiple and Developmental Strategy Approach Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Optimizing revenues and defending generic competition shall discuss stages of product lifecycle management, commercial and legal LCM strategies, developmental, benefits, objectives and factors that impact selection of lifecycle management strategies and analysis on their successful implementation. The life cycle management strategies market analysis report offers case studies on key strategies like reformulation, indication expansion, fixed-dose combinations, pricing strategies, etc. The report has covered information on the following companies: MannKind, Gleevec AbbVie, Actavis, Salix Pharmaceuticals, AstraZeneca, Cipla, Sanofi-Aventis, Gilead, Novartis,GlaxoSmithKline, Janssen, Merck, Otsuka, Orexo, Pfizer, Vifor Pharma, Roche, Solvay and Teva. Browse More Detail Information About Life Cycle Management Strategies Market: https://www.absolutereports.com/life-cycle-management-strategies-optimizing-revenues-and-defending-generic-competition-10075325 Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Scope: Introduction to life cycle management and product life cycle Objectives of life cycle management and factors impacting strategies Life cycle management strategies depending and different approaches Impact of life cycle management strategies on selected products’ sales and growth trend Extension of patent term and exclusivity in the US and Europe market Life cycle management strategies of different pipeline drugs of major industry players Successful implementation of life cycle management strategies Get a PDF Sample of Life Cycle Management Strategies Market: https://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10075325 Reasons to Purchase: Life cycle management strategies implemented by drug companies Strategies for increasing life cycle of drugs and revenues Case studies to gain knowledge on implementation of various strategies on single product Strategies for operational pipeline of major industry players Have Any Query? Ask Our Expert @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10075325 Detailed TOC of Life Cycle Management Strategies Market – Assessing the Need for a Targeted and Specialized Approach Reformulation New Dosage Forms New Route of Administration Special Cases New Dosage Strengths and Regimen Fixed-Dose Combination and Co-packaging Next Generation Products and Modified Chemistry Metabolites Chiral Switching Polymorphs Multiple Developmental Strategy Approach Commercial Strategies Get Discount on Life Cycle Management Strategies Market: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10075325 About Absolute Report: Absolute Reports is an upscale platform to help key personnel in the business world in strategizing and taking visionary decisions based on facts and figures derived from in depth market research. We are one of the top report resellers in the market, dedicated towards bringing you an ingenious concoction of data parameters. Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email – sales@absolutereports.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, Google News, Healthcare, Industry, Legal, Life cycle management strategies market, Life cycle management strategies market outlook, Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Size, Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Trend, Machinery, major, Markets, satPRnews, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious concept3D Collaborates with Boston Hospital to Launch Interactive Campus Map Next PostNext Labrador Retriever Reigns Supreme Once Again In Raleigh Search Recent Posts IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Hill International Announces Update to Anticipated Closing Date of Construction Claims Group Sale Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,643 -18.46 -0.09% Nasdaq 5,813 -9.07 -0.16% S&P 500 2,346 -2.68 -0.11% 9:35 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices turn lower as focus returns to oversupply 9:35 A.M. ET Live blog and video of SEC chairman nominee Clayton confirmation hearing 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as as investors focus on health-care vote 9:30 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% 9:30 A.M. ET Dow retreats 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET S&P 500 off 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as vote on Republican health-care bill looms 9:30 A.M. ET Luxury Buildings Push Elevators to New Heights 9:23 A.M. ET Trump on his performance: ‘I’m president and you’re not’ 9:16 A.M. ET Updated Trump rally could smash on the rocks of health-care vote 9:15 A.M. ET Updated These key technical levels may signal if the stock market is set to rise or fall 9:15 A.M. ET Ford's stock drops 2.5% premarket after downbeat Q1 earnings outlook 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Ford sees Q1 EPS 30 cents-35 cents; FactSet consensus 47 cents 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Why the bull run will stay in great shape even as the health bill troubles traders 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Parents: Here’s a primer for college savings 9:12 A.M. ET Details Emerge About London Attacker as Police Arrest Eight 9:12 A.M. ET Updated When Americans emotionally spend, they buy toilet paper and Clorox 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Look out, taxes from an IRA can sneak up on you 9:12 A.M. ET Updated Eight arrested in six raids as police probe London terror attack 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Get a grip on your debt and 4 other ways to boost your retirement confidence Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin U.S. stocks open lower Thursday as health-care vote looms Home Press Release Hospital Acquired Infection (HAI) Control Markets 2010-2021 - Research and Markets By Published: Mar 21, 2017 6:41 a.m. ET Share DUBLIN, Mar 21, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Hospital Acquired Infection (HAI) Control Markets" report to their offering. Hospital Acquired Infection (HAI) Control Markets provides a revenue analysis for the prevention, testing, and treatment of infections in the healthcare surroundings, including the world revenues for 2010-2021 for hospital infection control, for hospital infection treatment, and for hospital infection prevention equipment and consumables (sterilization/disinfection). Sales information is also provided for the different market segments by primary geographic region (United States, Europe, rest of world) and leading manufacturers' shares. Merck, Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline, and Bayer are among the key companies in HAI control markets are among those manufacturers featured in the report's competitor analysis. Key Topics Covered: Chapter One: Executive Summary Chapter Two: Introduction And Industry Trends Chapter Three: Infection Prevention Chapter Four: Infection Testing Chapter Five: Infection Treatment Chapter Six: Market Opportunities For Hospital Infection Control Chapter Seven: Company Profiles 3M Abbott Laboratories Abbvie Alere Astrazeneca Bayer Becton, Dickinson And Company Belimed Biomérieux S.A. Cantel Medical Corp. Danaher Corporation Ecolab, Inc. Getinge Group Glaxosmithkline Plc Merck & Co. Pfizer, Inc. Roche Sakura Seiki Co., Ltd. Steris Plc Tso3, Inc. For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/g8kr65/hospital_acquired View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170321005776/en/ SOURCE: Research and Markets Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Antibiotics Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular The four most depressing reasons why Americans are not saving any money Two important things to remember as the stock market starts to stumble Dennis Gartman sees at least a 5% drop for stocks — and shades of Watergate Oil prices lifted by drop in U.S. gasoline stocks Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills Home Goes for Landmark Vote Next Month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Real Estate Top 10 cities where downtown is making a comeback View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Anti Aging Products and Therapies Global Market Research Approach, Commercial Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Anti Aging Products and Therapies Global Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 21, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies market is accounted for $127.9 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $237.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 9.2% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increasing demand for anti-aging hair care products, rise in urbanization and per capita income, advancement in cosmetic technologies, Laser/Energy-Based Cosmetic Treatments and aging population worldwide are driving the market growth. Stringent regulatory environment and safety concerns related to anti-aging products & devices are expected to constrain the market. Emerging economies, new product development and innovations will provide an opportunity for the market to grow. For more information @ http://www.reportsweb.com/anti-aging-products-and-therapies-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 The skin lightening market is expected to grow with highest CAGR for the forecast period. The LED therapy devices segment occupies the largest share followed by lasabrasion devices market in devices segment. The product market accounts for the largest share of the overall anti-aging product and services market. North America is the leading Market for anti-aging market due to high awareness about aging. Asia Pacific market is expected to grow further followed by Rest of The Word. Some of the key players in global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies market are L'OrÃ©al SA, Merck & Company Inc, Johnson & Johnson, Allergan Inc, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Unilever PLC, Elizabeth Arden Inc, Novartis International AG, Avon Products Inc, Henkel KgaA, Beiersdorf AG, Woodridge Labs Inc, Coty Inc., Photomedex and Solta Medical, Inc. Products Covered: -Multifunctional -Anti - stretch marks -Anti ageing -Natural or Organic -Skin Lightening Devices Covered: - Laser Aesthetic Devices -Anti-Cellulite Treatment Devices -Radiofrequency Devices -UV absorbers -LED/infrared light therapy devices -Cryotherapy Skincare Devices -Microcurrent & Ultrasound Skincare Devices -Electrosurgery Skincare Devices Active Ingredients Covered: -Argirelline -Vitamin C -Epidermal growth factors -Co-enzyme Q1 -Retinol -Sun Protection Factor (SPF) -Hyaluronic acid -Arbutin -Hydroquinone -kojic Acid -Licorice Extract -Vitamin B3 -Mulberry Extract -Glycolic Acid -Other Ingredients Therapies Covered: -Eye-Lid Surgery -Hormone replacement therapy -Breast Augmentation -Chemical peels -Hair Restoration Services -Gene therapy -Predictive medicine -Proteomics -Genomics -Botox -Anti-Pigmentation Therapy -Rejuvenation and dermal filler -Liposuction -Telomere based therapy -Abdominoplasty -Sclerotherapy -Injectable skin -Electrosurgery Disease and conditions Covered: -Bone and Joint Conditions -Respiratory Disorders -Cardiovascular Disorders -Urinary Incontinence -Endocrine Disorders -Sexual Dysfunction -Eye Disorders Demographics Covered: -Generation X -Baby boomers -Generation Y Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322834/sample Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt 13 Company Profiling 13.1 Loreal Paris 13.2 Estee Lauder 13.3 Bio Pharma US Corp 13.4 Unilever PLC 13.5 Johnson & Johnson 13.6 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 13.7 Elizabeth Arden 13.8 Allergan, Inc. 13.9 Henkel KgaA 13.10 Beiersdorf AG 13.11 Woodridge Labs Inc 13.12 Coty Inc. 13.13 Photomedex 13.14 Solta Medical, Inc 13.15 Novartis International AG Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322834/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     COPD Inhalers Market Research, Industry Share, Competitor Strategy, Emerging Trends, Forecast to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Global COPD inhalers market is expected to reach ~$61.3 billion by 2022 with a compound annual growth rate of ~5.3% from 2016 Pune, India - March 20, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- COPD Inhalers Market Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) is a wide term used for progressive lung diseases which includes chronic bronchitis, emphysema, refractory asthma, and some forms of bronchiectasis. The symptoms of COPD includes recurrent coughing with or without sputum, difficulty in breathing, wheezing and tightness in the chest due to the blockage of lungs' airways. More than 70 million people in the world are suffering from COPD as of 2015, majority of them being Americans. For all the Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Diseases, there is no cure but certain treatments help in improving quality of life of COPD patients. One of the effective treatments for COPD patients is COPD Inhalers. COPD inhalers can be further segmented into inhaler medicines and inhaler devices. Through inhaler devices, a medicine can be directly provided to the lungs, which is one of the most effective and quick treatment for COPD. This method of treatment also requires a smaller quantity of medicine as compared to that when one takes a medicine in tablets or liquid form. The global market in terms of value for both inhaler devices and medicines is growing hand in hand as for the inhalation of medicines inhaling devices are required. According to the study conducted by MRFR analysts, the "Global COPD Inhalers Market is expected to reach ~$61.3 billion by 2022 with a compound annual growth rate of ~5.3% from 2016." Several types of COPD Inhaler devices are prevalent amongst COPD patients such as manually actuated pressurised metered-dose inhalers, breath-actuated pressurised metered-dose inhalers (MDIs), Dry Powder Inhalers (DPI) and mist inhalers. However, majority of COPD patients use actuated pressurised metered-dose inhalers (pMDIs) and Breath-actuated pressurised metered-dose inhalers which are small and handy inhalers which require pressurised inactive gas to impel a dose of medicine. Other types such as Dry powder inhalers and mist inhalers which are comparatively uses new technology are gaining the market attention and is showing higher pace of growth in this market. Over the years, COPD inhaler medicines market has witnessed addition of innovative medicines for the treatment. Based on the severity of disease, Inhaler medicines are classified into rescue and controller medicines. Controller medicines are prescribed every day whereas rescue medicines are to be taken once in a while under the good control of COPD. Out of these two types, controller medicines command the major market share. These medicines are usually classified into short-acting bronchodilators (each dose effective for 3-6 hours), long- acting bronchodilators (each dose effective for at least 12 hours) and steroids (given in combination with a beta-agonist long-acting inhaler). Some of the established and highest revenue generating medicine brands in this segment are GSK's Advair, AstraZeneca's Symbicort, and Boehringer Ingelheim's Spiriva. Key Player Analysis o AstraZeneca o Boehringer Ingelheim o Teva Pharmaceutical Industries o GlaxoSmithKline o Novartis Pharmaceuticals o Teva pharmaceuticals o Merck & Co. o Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/ask-sample-request/copd-inhalers-market COPD Inhalers Market: Regional Analysis North America is recorded to be the largest and one of the rapidly growing markets due to increasing COPD cases. According to COPD foundation, there were around 30 million COPD people alone in America in 2015. The United States is one of the countries with highest number of COPD cases amongst other countries in North American region. Following US Europe is the second-largest market in the world with the growing incidence of disease in the countries such as UK, France, Germany and Belgium. In Europe alone, about 55% of these total studies are conducted, UK being at the top of this list is conducting highest number of clinical trials along with Netherlands, Germany, Denmark, Belgium, Finland, Romania and other EU countries. APAC followed by the Middle East and Africa are the growing markets in this industry due to increasing number of ageing population, a large number of COPD population, rising tobacco consumption and increased number of smoking population (COPD Foundation, 2017). MRFR Analyst View: Based on the current situations in the field of COPD therapeutic area, a good amount of research is going on by major pharmaceutical companies to find out the best possible treatment options for COPD. However, there is a dearth of focus on indirect treatment options such as COPD awareness campaigns and pulmonary rehabilitation canters. All the leading players in the industry can come up with such pulmonary rehabilitation centres as a part of their CSR activity which would help in the early detection of COPD. This initiative would also be useful for their branding and would clearly increase the treatment options for COPD patients giving them a better life. Browse Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/articles/copd-inhalers-market Furthermore, with growing incidence cases, various studies conducted by WHO and national health authorities in various countries, COPD has come up to be one of the alarming cause of death all over the world, which soon needs to be taken under control. The governments of various countries, NGOs and research foundations are actively participating in this research area to provide some sort of solution to the affected population. Although the incidence cases of COPD are growing year on year, there is a hope of cure with the increasing research and development in this therapeutic area. Related Report Globally the market for smart inhalers is growing rapidly and is expected to grow massively reaching $213 million in 2022 https://marketresearchfuture.com/reports/smart-inhalers-market About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. Contact Info: Name: Akash Anand Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Organization: Market Research Future Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Phone: +1 646 845 9312 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/copd-inhalers-market-research-industry-share-competitor-strategy-emerging-trends-forecast-to-2022/174605 For more information, please visit https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/articles/copd-inhalers-market Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 174605 Recent Press Releases By The Same User The Worlds First Youtube Simulator Game Hits 2.5 Million Downloads (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bias Tire Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bozeman MT Ranch Real Estate Broker Releases Montana Bull Sale Auction Report (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Canal Hearing Aids Market Growing at 5.51% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Global Software defined perimeter (SDP) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Precision Farming Market To Reach $5.5 Billion With 12.64% CAGR Forecast To 2020 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Thu, Mar 23, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Health & Pharma Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Two-thirds of Irish patients have faith in Big Pharma Drug companies rank lower overall for innovation and reputation in worldwide report Tue, Mar 21, 2017, 20:10 Dominic Coyle Pfizer, Novartis, Roche, AbbVie, Bayer and Merck are among the 47 pharma companies analysed in the report compiled by PatientView. Photograph: Getty Images         Irish patients are among the most confident in Big Pharma’s level of innovation. A report on the corporate reputation of the pharmaceuticals sector from the patient perspective says that 67 per cent of Irish patients see drug companies as innovative. That’s still some way short of Greece, where 84 per cent back the innovative capabilities of companies in the sector but much better than in New Zealand, where fewer than one in four patients has a positive view of the subject. Overall, just under 38 per cent of patients ranked the reputation of pharma companies as “good” or “excellent” in 2016, down from around 45 per cent a year earlier. Ability to innovate was considered by patients as an important measure of their confidence in the industry, and its decline – from 69 per cent to 59 per cent across all countries – fed into lower general satisfaction ratings. Improved Only 23 per cent thought the industry’s reputation had improved over the previous five years, down five points on 2015. The report, compiled annually through surveys of almost 1,500 patient groups across 46 medical specialities in 105 countries worldwide, examines reputation under seven headings: patient centricity, patient information, patient safety, useful products, transparency, integrity and effectiveness of patient-group relationships. The good news for pharma is that, within the healthcare sector, it is still seen as more reputable than generics companies and health insurers. However, with US president Donald Trump demanding price cuts from Big Pharma, the report finds that only 11 per cent of respondents think pricing is fair, the lowest figure in six years. Six-year lows The sector also plumbed six-year lows in the areas of transparency, ethical marketing, being innovative and in providing access to clinical trials. Fewer than two-thirds of respondents felt drug companies were making high-quality, useful products, down from 72 per cent in 2015. Forty-seven pharma companies are analysed in the report compiled by PatientView. Of them, the most recognisable among patients is Pfizer, followed by Novartis, Roche, Bayer and Merck. ADVERTISEMENT Novartis is the company that the largest number of patients say they have worked with over the past five years, ahead of Pfizer, Roche, AbbVie, Janssen and Bayer. Top-ranked The top-ranked company across all seven indicators was ViiV Healthcare, a company only created in 2009 as a joint venture by Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline to develop HIV therapies. AbbVie, spun out of Abbott Laboratories in 2013, was ranked second across all but one category – high-quality products, where it ranked third. Novartis was ranked third overall. Grifols, the Spanish blood plasma products group that established a base in Ireland in 2015, is the fastest riser in the rankings this year, jumping from 25th overall to sixth. Irish-headquartered Shire is the next most dramatic climber, moving up from 21st to 10th. Fifteen Irish patient groups took part in the survey.       Topics: Donald Trump Abbott Abbvie Bayer GSK Grifols Janssen Merck Novartis Pfizer Roche Shire Viiv Healthcare Greece Ireland New Zealand Read More Glaxo to pay first woman boss 25% less than male predecessor Pharma company Allergan to invest €42m in Irish operations Sales at Irish-headquartered Jazz Pharma rise 12% Atlantic Therapeutics raises €15m in ‘strong endorsement’ Sales surge for hospital software group Oneview Amarin reports 59% jump in sales for Vascepa drug Perrigo sells Tysabri rights to Royalty Pharma in €2.7bn deal Boston Scientific recalls Galway-made Lotus heart devices Icon reports 6% jump in revenues to $1.7bn Irish firm Oneview awarded US hospital contract Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Markets Stocks and bonds rally on interest-free ECB cash Technology Control your home heating on the go with Hub Controller Rugby England poised to have the Lion’s share in touring squad Health Member of HSE ‘Grace’ panel continues to work for public service Sponsored Our trip North: ‘I couldn’t believe how much it had changed’ Who are the ‘Leaders of Tomorrow’? Ten things you don’t want to miss in Northern Ireland this year The Liberties, Newbridge and Mullingar capture the imagination of first-time buyers ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Stocks and bonds rally on interest-free ECB cash 13:06 PTSB appoints Shane O’Sullivan as group director of operations 12:10 Irish-founded start-up Lystable raises additional $10m, to open Belfast office 12:02 Lenders pay €78m to 2,600 account holders denied tracker rate 11:29 Accenture’s quarterly net income up on demand for digital, cloud services 11:26 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Lenders pay €78m to 2,600 account holders denied tracker rate 2 Construction boom could overheat economy, says ESRI 3 Stocks and bonds rally on interest-free ECB cash 4 PTSB appoints Shane O’Sullivan as group director of operations 5 Central Bank heavily criticises governance in credit unions 6 Irish-founded start-up Lystable raises additional $10m, to open Belfast office 7 Is construction Ireland’s economic cuckoo? 8 Irish technology firm Fenergo is to create 200 jobs 9 Irish gym software start-up Glofox flexes muscles as it raises €2m 10 Martin McGuinness: Reaction of British and Irish media to his death Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Search executive jobs on irishtimes.com Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 23/3/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Latest News Dow 20,643 -18.46 -0.09% Nasdaq 5,813 -9.07 -0.16% S&P 500 2,346 -2.68 -0.11% 9:35 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices turn lower as focus returns to oversupply 9:35 A.M. ET Live blog and video of SEC chairman nominee Clayton confirmation hearing 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as as investors focus on health-care vote 9:30 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% 9:30 A.M. ET Dow retreats 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET S&P 500 off 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as vote on Republican health-care bill looms 9:30 A.M. ET Luxury Buildings Push Elevators to New Heights 9:23 A.M. ET Trump on his performance: ‘I’m president and you’re not’ 9:16 A.M. ET Updated Trump rally could smash on the rocks of health-care vote 9:15 A.M. ET Updated These key technical levels may signal if the stock market is set to rise or fall 9:15 A.M. ET Ford's stock drops 2.5% premarket after downbeat Q1 earnings outlook 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Ford sees Q1 EPS 30 cents-35 cents; FactSet consensus 47 cents 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Why the bull run will stay in great shape even as the health bill troubles traders 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Parents: Here’s a primer for college savings 9:12 A.M. ET Details Emerge About London Attacker as Police Arrest Eight 9:12 A.M. ET Updated When Americans emotionally spend, they buy toilet paper and Clorox 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Look out, taxes from an IRA can sneak up on you 9:12 A.M. ET Updated Eight arrested in six raids as police probe London terror attack 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Get a grip on your debt and 4 other ways to boost your retirement confidence Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Infertility Services Market in US to Grow at a CAGR of 4.65% by 2021 - Driven by the Rising Success Rate of Infertility Treatments - Research and Markets By Published: Mar 21, 2017 12:24 p.m. ET Share DUBLIN, Mar 21, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Infertility Services Market in US 2017-2021" report to their offering. The infertility services market in US to grow at a CAGR of 4.65% during the period 2017-2021. The report, Infertility Services Market in US 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the Key vendors operating in this market. One trend in market is rise in same sex marriages. Social and legal acceptance of same sex marriages has also led to a rise in sperm donations and the use of fertility services. In the US, it is estimated that same sex couples are parents to around six million children. The use of donor sperm by same sex female couples increased from 15% before the legalization of same sex marriages to 20% after the legalization of the same. The invalidation of the Defense of Marriage Act in 2013 has led to an increase in demand for fertility services in the US. Most fertility services and infertility drugs, increase the success rates of live births. Success rates have improved dramatically over the past 10 years. Infertility treatments increase pregnancy rates from about 3% to about 12% for people under the age 40, and to 7% in those above the age 40. Key vendors CARE facility CooperSurgical Ferring Pharmaceuticals Monash IVF Merck Vitrolife Other prominent vendors AbbVie Apricus Biosciences AstraZeneca Auxogyn Eli Lilly EMD Serono IKS International InVitro Care Others Key Topics Covered: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Market research methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Market landscape PART 06: Market segmentation by underlying cause PART 07: Market segmentation by services PART 08: Market drivers PART 09: Impact of drivers PART 10: Market challenges PART 11: Impact of drivers and challenges PART 12: Market trends PART 13: Vendor landscape PART 14: Key Vendor Analysis PART 15: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/bjcfh7/infertility View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170321006249/en/ SOURCE: Research and Markets Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Women's Health Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular The four most depressing reasons why Americans are not saving any money Two important things to remember as the stock market starts to stumble Dennis Gartman sees at least a 5% drop for stocks — and shades of Watergate Oil prices lifted by drop in U.S. gasoline stocks Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills Home Goes for Landmark Vote Next Month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Real Estate Top 10 cities where downtown is making a comeback View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 March 2017 by Military News Global Veterinary Vaccines Market is Expected to Reach $9.1 Billion by 2022 at a CAGR of 7.7% According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Veterinary Vaccines market is accounted for $5.4 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $9.1 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.7% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increasing foodborne and zoonotic diseases, global consumption of meat and milk products, increasing animal bites, increasing husbandry practices and improved veterinary vaccines delivery systems will propel market growth. Intense competition from cheaper generic substitutes, increasing adoption of vegetarian diet and strict regulations for product approval will hinder market growth. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/veterinary-vaccines-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 The DNA vaccine amongst product segment is anticipated to show high growth rate during forecast period, due to innovations in vaccination technology. Foot & mouth disease accounted for the highest market share in disease type. A veterinary clinic in distribution channel segment is expected to witness significant growth during the forecast period. Europe is the leading market for Veterinary Vaccines followed by North America. Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at fastest rate. Some of the key players in global Veterinary Vaccines market are Bayer Healthcare, Biogenesis Bago, Boehringer Ingelheim ,Ceva Animal Health, Diamond Animal Healthcare (Heska), Elanco Animal Health (Eli Lilly), Heska Corporation, Indian Immunological Ltd., Merck Animal Health, Merial Inc. (Sanofi), Vetoquinol, Virbac Ltd. and Zoetis. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/220729 Products Covered: Attenuated Live Vaccines Conjugate Vaccines DNA Vaccines Inactivated Vaccines Recombinant Vaccines Subunit Vaccines Toxoid Vaccines Disease Types Covered: Companion Animal Diseases Feline Disease Canine Vaccines Poultry Diseases Avian Influenza Coccidiosis Gumboro Disease Infectious Bronchitis Marek’s Disease Mycoplasma Newcastle Disease Other Poultry Diseases Porcine Diseases Auzeszky’s Disease Porcine Circovirus II Porcine Parvovirus Porcine Reproductive Respiratory Syndrome (PRRS) Swine Influenza Swine Pneumonia Other Porcine Diseases Equine Diseases Equine Encephalomyelitis Equine Influenza Equine Rhinopneumonitis Strangles Tetanus Other Equine Diseases Livestock Diseases Bovine Disease Small Ruminant Animal Disease Aquaculture Diseases Furunculosis Pasteurellosis Vibriosis Other Aquaculture Diseases Other Animal Diseases Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/220729 Distribution Channels Covered: Veterinary Hospitals Veterinary Clinics Retail pharmacies Veterinary Research institutes Other Distribution Channels Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Electronics, Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, Global Veterinary Vaccines Market Players, Global Veterinary Vaccines Market Share, Global Veterinary Vaccines Market Size, Global Veterinary Vaccines Market Trends, Google News, Health, Healthcare, Industry, Machinery, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cedrus Investments’ Chairman Mr. Rani Jarkas Invited to Speak at the 121 Mining Investment Hong Kong Conference Next PostNext Cloud Infrastructure-As-A-Service Market Growth with Worldwide Industry Analysis to 2027 Search Recent Posts IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Hill International Announces Update to Anticipated Closing Date of Construction Claims Group Sale Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     In-Vitro Toxicology Testing Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2021   View as PDF  Print View    In-Vitro Toxicology Testing -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2021 Pune, India - March 21, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- In-Vitro Toxicology Testing Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds "In-Vitro Toxicology Testing -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2021" To Its Research Database Global in-vitro toxicology testing market is expected to reach USD 27.38 billion by 2021 from USD 14.16 billion in 2016, growing at a CAGR of 14.10% for the next five years 2016-2021. In-vitro toxicology testing is the scientific analysis of toxic effects produced by chemical substances on cultured mammalian cells or bacteria. Toxicity testing is very essential in drug discovery as identifies the toxic effects of new compound in the early stages of drug discovery. This early detection of toxicity reduces the development cost and time. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/635491-in-vitro-toxicology-testing-2016-to-2021 Increasing technological advancements, rising research & development in cell culture, growing demand for in-vitro toxicology tests over the conventional in-vivo tests, increasing awareness towards toxicity testing studies, rising health-consciousness amongst individuals, growing economic status in emerging nations, existence of favorable regulatory authorities for toxicology testing using the in-vitro tests are driving the growth of in-vitro toxicology testing market. However, scarcity of in-vitro models to detect immunostimulation & autoimmunity, lack of predictive ability of in vitro testing over in vivo testing, technological disadvancements limiting the use & decreasing adoption rate are the major factors that restrain the growth of in-vitro toxicology testing market. Global in-vitro toxicology testing market is segmented based on the product, type, toxicity endpoints & tests, technology, method, and industry. Based on product, the market is further sub-segmented as assays, reagent & labware, and service. Assays segment is estimated to command the largest share of global in-vitro toxicology testing market by product in 2016. Based on type, the market is segmented as ADME, dose, and toxic substance. Report Detail's@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/635491-in-vitro-toxicology-testing-2016-to-2021 Toxicity endpoints & tests is further segmented as systemic toxicity, dermal toxicity, carcinogenicity, ocular toxicity, skin sensitization & irritation, genotoxicity, neurotoxicity, and organ toxicity. Systemic toxicity is estimated to command the largest share of global in-vitro toxicology testing market by toxicity endpoints & tests in 2016. Technology is further segmented as OMICS technologies & cell culture technology. By method, the market is segmented as in-silico method, biochemical assays, cellular assays, and ex vivo models. In-silico method is estimated to command the largest share of global in-vitro toxicology testing market by method in 2016. The market, by industry, is sub-segmented as cosmetics & household products, pharmaceutical, diagnostics, chemical, & food. The cosmetics & household products industry is estimated to account for the largest market share of global in-vitro toxicology testing market by industry in 2016. On the basis of geographical region the global in-vitro toxicology testing market is segmented as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. Europe is estimated to account for the largest share of 32.5% of the global in-vitro toxicology testing market in 2016, whereas Asia-Pacific is estimated to grow at the highest CAGR of 16.10% during the forecast period 2016-2021. The key players in global in-vitro toxicology testing market include, Covance, Inc. (A subsidiary of LabCorp) (U.S.), Agilent Technologies, Inc. (U.S.), Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (U.S.), Eurofins Scientific SE (Luxembourg), General Electric Company (U.S.), BioReliance, Inc. (A subsidiary of Merck & Co, Inc.) (U.S.), Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. (U.S.), Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. (U.S.), Catalent (U.S.), and Cyprotex (U.K.), among others. Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=635491 Table Of Content 1. Introduction 1.1 Market Definition 1.2 Study Deliverables 1.3 Base Currency, Base Year and Forecast Periods 1.4 General Study Assumptions 2. Research Methodology 2.1 Introduction 2.2 Research Phases 2.2.1 Secondary Research 2.2.2 Primary Research 2.2.3 Econometric Modelling 2.2.4 Expert Validation 2.3 Analysis Design 2.4 Study Timeline 3. Overview 3.1 Executive Summary 3.2 Key Inferences 3.3 New Developments 4. Drivers, Restraints, Opportunities, and Challenges Analysis (DROC) 4.1 Market Drivers 4.2 Market Restraints 4.3 Key Challenges 4.4 Current Opportunities in the Market 5. Market Segmentation 5.1 Product 5.1.1 Introduction 5.1.2 Assays 5.1.3 Reagents & Labware 5.1.4 Services Growth Hormone Therapy Continued... Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Pune -40027, Maharashtra, India Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/in-vitro-toxicology-testing-market-2017-global-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2021/169763 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/635491-in-vitro-toxicology-testing-2016-to-2021 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 169763 Recent Press Releases By The Same User The Worlds First Youtube Simulator Game Hits 2.5 Million Downloads (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bias Tire Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bozeman MT Ranch Real Estate Broker Releases Montana Bull Sale Auction Report (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Canal Hearing Aids Market Growing at 5.51% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Global Software defined perimeter (SDP) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Precision Farming Market To Reach $5.5 Billion With 12.64% CAGR Forecast To 2020 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 March 2017 by Military News Global Animal Parasiticides Market will Reach US$ 13,064.7 Million by 2026. In this report, Persistence Market Research (PMR) delivers key insights on the global animal parasiticides market in its published report, titled “Animal Parasiticides Market: Global Industry Analysis and Forecast, 2016–2026.” In terms of revenue, the global animal parasiticides market is estimated to register a promising CAGR of 5.9% over the forecast period, owing to numerous factors, about which PMR offers thorough insights and forecasts in this report. The global animal parasiticides market registered a value of US$ 6,976.2 Mn in 2015 and is anticipated to reach a market valuation of US$ 13,064.7 Mn by 2026. Market dynamics The prime factors powering the demand for animal parasiticides are increasing awareness about animal healthcare, increasing demand of animal derived food products, growing concern about foodborne diseases and zoonotic diseases, growth in adoption of companion animals and increase in animal healthcare expenditure. However, a growing preference for vegetarian food and diet and a stringent approval process for animal parasiticides coupled with restrictions on the use of parasiticides in food producing animals are the restraints affecting the global animal parasiticides market. A key trend defining the market is that larger players are focused towards enhancing their geographical presence and expanding their customer base by entering into strategic mergers and acquisitions. Furthermore, huge investment from government organizations and private players for research and development activities is also a key trend of global animal parasiticides market. Market forecast The market is segmented based on product type, animal type, distribution channel and region. Based on product type, the market is sub-segmented into Ectoparasiticides, Endoparasiticides and Endectocides. Among the product type segment, Endoparasiticides segment is expected to exhibit the highest revenue growth over the forecast period. The Endoparasiticides product type segment is expected to register a significant CAGR of 5.9% during the forecast period in terms of value. The Ectoparasiticides segment is projected to exhibit a CAGR of 5.7% over the forecast period in terms of value. The market has also been segmented by animal type into food producing animals and companion animals. The food producing animals segment is expected to be the largest over the forecast period, with the segment witnessing a CAGR of 6.2% during the forecast period. One of the key growth drivers for animal parasiticides market is the growing concern about foodborne and zoonotic diseases. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/7996 This report assesses trends driving growth of each segment on the regional as well as country level and offers potential takeaways that could prove substantially useful to animal parasiticides manufacturers looking to enter the market. Western Europe market has been estimated to dominate the global animal parasiticides market, accounting for a maximum revenue share of the market by 2016 end. North America is expected to account for over 20.0% revenue share of the global animal parasiticides market by 2016 end. Among the emerging markets, APEJ is estimated to exhibit a significant CAGR of 6.4% over the forecast period, followed by the North America market, due to increasing awareness about animal healthcare and increasing demand for animal derived food products. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/animal-parasiticide-market/toc Some of the key players in the global animal parasiticides market include Sanofi S.A. (Merial), Ceva Sante Animlae, Virbac SA, Vetoquinol S.A., Eli Lilly and Company, Zoetis Inc., Merck & Co Inc., Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH and Perrigo Co. plc. The report discusses individual strategies followed by these companies in terms of enhancing their product portfolio, creating new marketing techniques, mergers and acquisitions. The ‘Competitive Landscape’ is included to provide report audiences with a dashboard view and company share collectively. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/7996 CategoriesUncategorized TagsAnimal Parasiticides Market, base, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, Google News, Industry, Machinery, Markets, private, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Electronic Discovery Industry on a Steep Growth Trajectory by 2022 Next PostNext Flight Simulator Market 2017-2022: CAE, L3 Technologies, FlightSafety International, Thales, Rockwell Collins, Boeing, Textron Search Recent Posts IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Hill International Announces Update to Anticipated Closing Date of Construction Claims Group Sale Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
