null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Pfizer Takes Aim at Johnson & Johnson Pfizer is about to launch a biosimilar to Johnson & Johnson's top-selling Remicade. Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Sep 10, 2016 at 8:01AM Image source: Getty Images. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) is a global healthcare giant that's well known for top-selling consumer brands like Band-Aid, but it also generates billions of dollars in sales annually from the rheumatoid arthritis drug Remicade. In fact, Remicade is Johnson & Johnson's best-selling drug, with U.S. sales of $4.4 billion last year, and Q2  U.S. sales of $1.2 billion. Remicade's tailwinds, however, could be about to end because Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE) is finalizing plans to launch a Remicade biosimilar before year's end. Pfizer's biosimilar to Remicade, Inflectra, isn't an exact copy of Remicade, but it works similarly to it, and importantly, it's going to cost less -- something that could result in billions of dollars in Johnson & Johnson sales heading Pfizer's way over the next few years. What's at stake Remicade won FDA approval in August 1998 as a Crohn's disease therapy. Since then, its label has expanded to include rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis. and ulcerative colitis, too. The drug is sold globally, with Johnson & Johnson owning the U.S. rights, and Merck & Co. and Mitsubishi Tanabe owning rights to it outside the United States. Merck and Mitsubishi pay J&J a royalty on Remicade's ex-U.S. sales. Remicade is a biologic drug, which means that it's a complex medicine that's created in living organisms, and it's not easily replicated. Remicade's patent has already expired, but until now, its complexity has kept competitors at bay in the United States. Remicade biosimilars, however, are already available in Europe. Over the past three years, Remicade's sales in the U.S. total $12.5 billion, and in Q2, Remicade's U.S. sales accounted for 55% of Johnson & Johnson's U.S. immunology revenue and nearly a quarter of Johnson & Johnson's total U.S. drug sales. Preparing to launch Pfizer's Inflectra won unanimous support for approval by a Food andl Drug Administration (FDA) advisory committee in February. In April, the FDA officially gave Pfizer the green light to begin marketing it as a Remicade biosimilar in the United States.  Although the FDA's decision to approve Inflectra was announced months ago, Pfizer decided to delay launching Inflectra while it awaited a ruling on some patents that Johnson & Johnson argues still protects Remicade. Unfortunately for Johnson & Johnson, a federal judge in Boston recently ruled against it in that case.  The judge's ruling helps assuage fears Pfizer may have that it could be exposed to penalties if it launches Inflectra too soon. Previously, Pfizer has said it wouldn't launch Inflectra until Oct. 3, at the earliest. In Pfizer's Q2 conference call, executive John Young said, "We're moving ahead with launch preparations, and launch timing will be impacted by the upcoming court decision." Pfizer's top in-house legal beagle Douglas Lankler added, "If the court rules in our favor, there would be no legal restriction on our ability to launch." Given those comments and the judge's ruling, it would appear that a launch of Inflectra can be expected soon. Looking ahead Inflectra is already available in many European markets, and biosimilar competition overseas is a big reason why Johnson & Johnson's Remicade royalty stream is shrinking. In Q2, J&J's U.S. export sales of Remicade slumped 23%, to $185 million.  Pfizer has said it expects price discounting for biosimilars in the 30% to 50% range, which is better than the 80% to 90% discounting typical for traditional generic drugs. No one knows how much of the Remicade market share Inflectra can capture, or how quickly it can capture it. However, with that pricing, it wouldn't be shocking if Inflectra rapidly can  become a nine-figure drug for Pfizer in the U.S. This would all come at Johnson & Johnson's expense. Todd Campbell has no position in any stocks mentioned. Todd owns E.B. Capital Markets, LLC. E.B. Capital's clients may have positions in the companies mentioned. Like this article? Follow him on Twitter where he goes by the handle @ebcapital to see more articles like this. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Johnson and Johnson. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Todd has been helping buy side portfolio managers as an independent researcher for over a decade. In 2003, Todd founded E.B. Capital Markets, LLC, a research firm providing action oriented ideas to professional investors. Todd has provided insight to a variety of publications, including SmartMoney, Barron's, and CNN/fn. Follow @ebcapital Article Info Sep 10, 2016 at 8:01AM Health Care Stocks Pfizer NYSE:PFE $32.05 down $0.18 (-0.56%) Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $116.32 no change (0.00%) Read More Here Are Johnson & Johnson's Next 10 Potential Blockbuster Drugs Go for It, Pfizer -- Sell Your Consumer Healthcare Business Watch Out, AbbVie: Johnson & Johnson Is Nipping at Your Heels 3 Figures That Matter Most When Johnson & Johnson Reports Its 3rd-Quarter Results Better Buy: Intuitive Surgical, Inc. vs. Johnson & Johnson Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Commercial > Already ahead in race to first-line approval, could second-line domination be far behind for Keytruda? Tweet Kevin McCaffrey September 09, 2016 Already ahead in race to first-line approval, could second-line domination be far behind for Keytruda? Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print This story has been updated. Merck's Keytruda is currently losing its battle with Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo in the second-line treatment of non-small cell lung cancer patients. But the biomarker testing requirement for Keytruda — long thought to be what's dragging down the immuno-oncology drug's sales — may not act as a hurdle for much longer. That is, assuming Keytruda gets approved as a first-line treatment — a subject of speculation right now as its December PDUFA date nears — new patients with the tumor type would then begin their PD-L1 testing earlier, effectively turning the testing requirement into an advantage which could not only level the playing field between Keytruda and Opdivo in the second line, but tip it in Keytruda's favor. See also: Opdivo bet backfires, creates opening for Merck to pursue DTC So goes the thinking of Bernstein's Tim Anderson, according to a note the analyst issued earlier this week breaking down the scenario. The speculative money is on Merck right now, as FDA's recent rejection of Opdivo in first-line therapy suddenly knocked BMS's lung plans back at least a year, and thrust Keytruda into the lead in that race to approval. Yet Merck still lags its rival in the setting in which both are currently approved, second line, and the stakes for the drugmaker are quite high: about $400 million. That's the current deficit Merck faces in that setting. Opdivo brought in $942 million in sales in 2015, while Keytruda saw sales of $566 million during the same year. By Anderson's calculus, a first-line Keytruda approval could help a number of factors fall into place for Merck. The drug's increasing awareness among physicians, its less frequent dosing, and the pre-existing testing status of patients all could conspire to set the drug up for success in the second line, too. See also: Bristol-Myers Squibb's Yervoy, Opdivo combo data confers edge in lung cancer Back when the lines were drawn between these two immuno-oncology treatments, one of the major differences between them was that patients considering Keytruda have to first undergo testing for the PD-L1 protein. Keytruda is now on pace to become approved as a first-line therapy before Opdivo, due to a recent development setback, when the drug failed to meet its primary endpoint in a Phase-III trial. Keytruda received Breakthrough Therapy Designation as a first-line treatment earlier this week, and has an FDA decision date of December 24.   As Anderson explained in the investor note from Tuesday, Keytruda's testing requirement may no longer be a disadvantage for the drug in the second line. “The majority of newly-diagnosed lung cancer patients will be tested for PDL1 status...when these groups fail chemotherapy, as the majority will, and move onto second-line treatment, their PD-L1 testing status will be already known,” Anderson wrote, “and if they did not receive a PD1 in the first-line, [these patients] will most likely see a PD1 in the second line.” There are three factors that will make oncologists more likely to prescribe Keytruda over Opdivo in the second-line setting going forward, Anderson wrote. First, oncologists will already have a patient's PD-L1 testing data available to them — eliminating that initial obstacle. Second, oncologists are more likely to be already familiar with Keytruda as, if it is approved in the first line, it will have already been a treatment option. And, lastly, Keytruda has a less onerous regimen — it's dosed every three weeks compared to Opdivo every two weeks. “Keytruda suddenly becomes a very viable option when reaching for a PD1 in [the second-line setting],” he concluded. See also: Bristol-Myers Squibb turns to DTC to promote Opdivo Bristol-Myers Squibb is already considering other strategies to retain its market share in the I/O sector. BMS spokesperson Audrey Abernathy said in an email that the company believes that Opdivo's “proven survival benefit regardless of PD-L1 expression will continue to position us for a strong second line opportunity in non-small cell lung cancer.” She added the company's experimental combination of Opdivo and Yervoy may also provide the drugmaker with an “opportunity to address the needs of patients with first-line non-small cell lung cancer, a setting in which we always anticipated diagnostic testing would play a role.” Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Similar Articles Merck's Keytruda wins approval in first-line lung cancer Merck files Keytruda for lung cancer, eyes first-line niche New first-line lung data is positive for Merck's Keytruda, but competitor looms large FDA okays Perjeta for first-line breast cancer treatment BMS striving to push Opdivo past Keytruda Related Topics Commercial Immuno-oncology Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Commercial 4 Ways for Marketers To Differentiate Their Brands In The Rare-Disease Space MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, November 11, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 9, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 14, 2016 5 questions raised at the FDA's off-label hearing Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Novartis considers new sales model for experimental cancer therapy Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Amgen's Repatha lowers plaque in arteries Kite Pharma to keep anticipated CAR-T launch 'controlled' and targeted at certain hospitals Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, November 15, 2016 PulsePoint launches health vertical for programmatic advertising Tweets by @MMMnews Events Weekly MM&M Breaking News MM&M KOL White Paper MM&M News Brief MM&M Sponsored Promotion MM&M Weekly Digest The Splash from MM&M United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Check out what's trending Earnings Advertising Pricing Legal/Regulatory FDA Election Pharma Commercial Affordable Care Act More in Commercial Kite Pharma to keep anticipated CAR-T launch 'controlled' ... "This is not your grandfather's launch," said Shawn Tomasello, chief commercial officer of Kite Pharma. Infographic: what information doctors need from pharma How pharma distributes information to doctors is changing as rapidly as how doctors prefer to receive and process such information With more marketing spend behind it, Eliquis gains ... BMS and Pfizer outspent Johnson & Johnson two-to-one in advertising for their oral anticoagulant last year. Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Barclays Raises Target On Merck, Lowers Target On Bristol-Myers Monica Gerson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} September 09, 2016 9:56am   Comments Share: Related BMY Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? The Election Can't Come Soon Enough For Biotechs Aimed at driving shareholder value, uniQure shakes up business (Seeking Alpha) Related MRK Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvoni: Most Payers Receive Substantial Discounts Off The List Price Technical Alert - Merck Lower The Vetr community has downgraded $MRK to 3-Stars (Vetr) While immuno-oncology [I-O] would eventually be a combination therapy market, this could take a long time, Barclays’ Geoff Meacham said in a report. He added that neither Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY) nor Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) deserved full credit “until the clinical data is more de-risked.” Bristol-Myers Analyst Meacham maintained an Equal-Weight rating on Bristol-Myers, while reducing the price target from $75 to $65. Consensus estimates for the company reflect the lost near-term 1L NSCLC revenue following the CheckMate-026 miss. However, there is potential downside to the consensus estimates for US Opdivo, translating to downside for the 2017-2018E expectations. Meacham forecasted Opdivo sales for 2016 and 2017 at $3.4 billion and nearly $4.7 billion, representing growth of 7 percent and 8 percent, respectively. The 2018 sales are estimated at $6.2 billion, representing 15 percent growth, assuming a positive CM-227 trial results in a 1L launch in 2H18. The EPS estimate for 2017 has been reduced from $3.10 to $2.88. Merck The analyst maintained an Overweight rating on Merck, while raising the price target from $66 to $72. There is upside to the consensus expectations for Keytruda sales in 2016-2018. The estimates have been raised by merely $55-$145 million following the positive KEYNOTE-024 top line results. “We think the Street is likely not giving enough credit as our KOL checks indicate usage won't be limited to NSCLC patients with PD-L1 high expressers but potentially to a broader swath which is positive for the biomarker,” Meacham wrote. The EPS estimate for 2016 has been raised from $3.74 to $3.76. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for BMY Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Hilliard Lyons Upgrades Neutral Long-Term Buy Oct 2016 Credit Suisse Maintains Neutral Sep 2016 Citigroup Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for BMY View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Barclays Geoff MeachamAnalyst Color Long Ideas Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BMY + MRK) Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvoni: Most Payers Receive Substantial Discounts Off The List Price Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election Technical Alert: Merck Reaches $65 And Retreats Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on BMY Trending Recent 1 DRYS, HMNY: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 2 CETV, CXRX: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 3 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' Massive 8... 4 DUST, GDX: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start... 5 TTWO, GRPN: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capita... 6 DRYS, ESEA: Iceberg Ahead? The Massive... 7 TSRO, AAL: 20 Stocks Moving I... 1 INDL, PIN: Indian Markets Open Higher; Sensex Up 150 Points 2 FXI, GXC: China Stock Markets Trade Mixed 3 EWJ, EPP: Japanese Markets Gain; Nikkei Up 200 Points 4 JPM, XLF: Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade 5 EURL, EUFS: An Adventurous Idea Among Europe ETFs 6 HOG: Even Harley-Davidson Is Benefiting... 7 ALXN: Alexion's Valuation Could... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products The Week In Announcements: The Market Reacts To Sony, Amazon And Apple Product Revelations 'Super Mario Run' Nearing 'Pokemon GO' Levels Of Pre-Release Buzz

Select PageHome About Archives Contact Advertising Distribution Points Charlotte News Raleigh/Triangle News Triad News Columbia News LGBT Carolina Politics LGBT Arts & Entertainment Serving LGBT Carolina since 1986:   Charlotte | Raleigh | Triad | Columbia         Home Print Edition Events Featured Events View All Events Submit an Event News Beyond the Carolinas Carolinas News Notes Charlotte Raleigh Triad Columbia Non-Profit Surveys In Memoriam Politics Legislative Watch Election 2014 Election 2013 Election 2012 All DNC 2012 News DNC 2012 Musings Opinion Editor’s Note Staff Editorials Spiritual Reflections Guest Commentary Letters & Comments QPoll A&E Young and Positive Our People Dishing with Buff Faye Health & Wellness Tell Trinity Out in the Stars Playing the Field Pride Holidays About Advertising Contact Distribution Points Website Commentary Guidelines Employment Online & Issue Archives       Transgender woman attacked, stabbed with a hatchet at a Charlotte park HB2 may have cost McCrory reelection QPoll: Were you surprised by Donald Trump winning the presidential election? Post Similar Posts Home » A&E / Life&Style » Positive Thoughts: The HIV vaccine search Oriol R. Gutierrez, Jr. Positive Thoughts: The HIV vaccine search The International AIDS Vaccine Initiative marks 20 years Published: September 9, 2016 in A&E / Life&Style Updated: September 8, 2016 at 11:43 pm ENGAGE: Write a letter to the editor | Comment on this story Mark Feinberg, M.D., Ph.D., is the new president and CEO of the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative (IAVI). He took over as head of the organization in September 2015. He leads a global team of scientists, clinicians and advocates in the search for preventive HIV vaccines that are safe, effective and accessible. Prior to joining IAVI, Feinberg was the chief public health and science officer for Merck Vaccines. He served 11 years in total at Merck & Co. in various leadership roles, working on the pharmaceutical company’s vaccine and infectious disease efforts, which included rotavirus, human papillomavirus, shingles and HIV. Most recently, he led the company’s efforts on a promising Ebola vaccine. Feinberg has more than 30 years of experience in HIV care and research. He was on the faculty at the University of California, San Francisco, Calif. and the Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta, Ga. He was on the medical staff at San Francisco General Hospital and Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta, and he was a medical officer in the Office of AIDS Research at the National Institutes of Health. What are your thoughts on IAVI marking its 20th anniversary this year? It’s both a chance to reflect on what the organization has accomplished, as well as to think about its future. This year also marks 20 years since the advent of effective antiretroviral therapy. Before IAVI, that was a time when the most effective approaches to treating HIV had not yet been codified. However, the discussions to create an entity like IAVI predated the biomedical success of effective therapy. IAVI is committed to the overall goal of ending AIDS. We recognize that AIDS will only come to an end if an effective vaccine is developed, but while that work goes on, every aspect of the response to HIV needs to be maximized. That includes getting as many people as possible who have HIV to know they have the virus and getting as many people with HIV on therapy as soon as they are able. Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) should also be widely available. When an HIV vaccine is developed, it will coexist with other treatment and prevention modalities. That creates complexity, but it also creates opportunity and is a testament to how much progress has been made in 20 years. That said, the needs remain enormous. Most people living with HIV don’t know their status, most with the virus are not on treatment around the world, and most who could benefit from PrEP have no way of getting access to it. A vaccine would be the best possible solution to address a lot of the barriers that currently limit the impact of available interventions in protecting at-risk populations. A characteristic that distinguishes a vaccine from therapy or PrEP is that you can have a defined regimen of administration that would take place over a short period of time and would offer long-term protection. What is IAVI’s mission? IAVI is focused on the goal of developing an HIV vaccine. That includes work that we do in our own research labs and programs. But I think even more important than that is our commitment to maximizing the success of the overall HIV vaccine field. That means that we want to put in place resources that can support the work of investigators outside of IAVI, whether they’re from academic labs or government labs. One example of that is a service that we provide to investigators who don’t have experience taking promising ideas from the laboratory into the clinic. That involves all kinds of complicated issues, like properly manufacturing the vaccine candidate, assuring its quality, dealing with regulatory issues and designing appropriate clinical trials. Many of the most brilliant scientists don’t have that expertise and it wouldn’t be the best use of their time to try to acquire it. We provide that as a function to investigators. In many ways, what IAVI has designed itself to be in 2016 is an organization that seeks to identify opportunities for greater collaboration in the field. And it seeks to both identify and solve barriers that exist. We are advancing candidate vaccines that have demonstrated promise. What are some of IAVI’s successes? IAVI, our scientists and our collaborators have made major contributions to understanding the immune response in people with HIV and to using that information to guide vaccine development. In the course of that work, we have a much more detailed understanding of the structure of the key components of HIV that will likely be the target of protective immune responses, and we have a much better idea about how to design vaccines. Part of that work has led to the isolation of a series of monoclonal antibodies, both by IAVI and other investigators, that are now being explored for passive administration to prevent HIV infection. The goal would be to serve the same purpose as oral PrEP, but you might administer it once every three or six months via an injection rather than having to take a pill every day. There are lots of other, even more promising, antibodies including a number that IAVI and partners helped discover, isolate and characterize, that are also being explored as therapeutic or curative agents. Are there other interventions, including immunologic ones like broadly neutralizing monoclonal antibodies, that could help promote clearance of infected cells that are not somehow reached by drugs themselves? Are there ways of activating the expression of HIV proteins that could then be targeted by immunologic intervention, such as antibodies, to work in concert with the antiretroviral drugs to cure people of HIV? And if it’s not a definitive cure, can you achieve a so-called functional cure? That exploratory research is going on. Why is this process so difficult? Developing an HIV vaccine or some modality to cure people of HIV is dependent upon solving many complicated — and currently incompletely understood — aspects of the biology of HIV infection. They’re much more complicated than anything the scientific community has ever been asked to solve for before. HIV causes an infection that the immune systems of people with the virus aren’t able to get rid of and persists in them throughout their lives. We don’t yet have vaccines that protect against infections the immune system itself is not naturally able to clear. Making an HIV vaccine means that we’ll have to do better than the immune system normally does itself. There are a number of exciting ideas about how to do that. Will they work? I don’t know. Is it important to find ways of testing them as quickly as possible? Definitely. The main barrier is the science, but other barriers relate to how effectively people work together to address complicated challenges like this one, which involves a long-term effort. It involves stakeholders from the public sector, the private sector, academia, government and non-profit organizations. We’re gratified to see increased collaboration in the field. We want to do everything we can to foster that. What can individuals do to help? I started working in HIV in 1984. I had no idea at the time that I would be spending my entire career on it. This will outlast me for sure. One of the real challenges is the level of public attention to HIV has waned. Maintaining a durable commitment for as long as it’s going to take to get rid of AIDS is something that I think is an important area for advocacy, not only for IAVI. Individuals can make sure that the world doesn’t forget about the importance of continuing to pay attention to this issue. Continue to advocate for the development of new innovations. In addition, there is always the opportunity for participation in research studies. There’s a lot of work that will need to be done that will require clinical trials involving both people with the virus and HIV-negative people. Without the commitment of people who have been in clinical trials to date, we wouldn’t have the modalities that we have today. : : — Oriol R. Gutierrez Jr. is the editor-in-chief of POZ magazine. Find him on Twitter @oriolgutierrez. This column is a project of Plus, Positively Aware, POZ, The Body and Q Syndicate, the LGBT wire service. Visit their websites at hivplusmag.com, positivelyaware.com, poz.com and thebody.com for the latest updates on HIV/AIDS. Related Posts Positive Thoughts: HIV in America South Carolina: Beach event, run/walk, bartender brawl, parade winners Gathering was informative, thrilled to attend Presenting Sponsor: Rosedale Infectious Diseases, comprehensive care for HIV/AIDS patients Quick Hits 09.09.16 InFocus: Charlotte 2016 — Free HIV/AIDS testing Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Tumblr 0SHARES FacebookTwitter You can support independent, local LGBT media! Give a one-time gift or sign up for ongoing voluntary online subscription to support qnotes' nearly three-decade long community service and keep our publication's dynamic, hard-hitting and insightful news and entertainment coverage alive. Click here to support us today. Comments Post a Comment! Cancel reply Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. You can support QNotes You can support independent, local LGBT media! Give a one-time gift or sign up for an ongoing, voluntary online subscription to support qnotes' nearly three-decade long community service and keep our publication's dynamic, hard-hitting and insightful news and entertainment coverage alive. Click here to support us today. Print Edition: On Stands Now Click on the reader below to see the full digital print edition, including the latest news and updates from our advertisers. In this issue, we bring transgender awareness to the forefront with a host of features covering workplace issues, intersectionality, hormone shortages, intersexuality and the expansion of our alphabet soup while we honor the memories of those who have been lost. This is also our annual holiday gift guide issue and we've got a great sampling of cool and innovative gifts to charge your gift-giving imagination. We also have current local, regional, national and global news and interesting features along with compelling commentary. VIEW ALL NOVEMBER 4 PRINT CONTENT... VIEW DIGITAL PRINT EDITION ONLINE... Popular Posts Transgender woman attacked, stabbed with a hatchet at a Charlotte park HB2 may have cost McCrory reelection Queer sex slang: Know it or beware New Chick-fil-A filings show decrease in anti-LGBT funding The Southern Gospel Closet 5 easy steps for turning up the flame of your partner's sexual appetite Concerns raised as anti-gay Elevation Church makes inroads at local schools QPoll: Be Heardqnotes wants to know what you think! Have your say by voting in our QPoll below. Were you surprised by Donald Trump winning the presidency? Yes, very Yes, somewhat No I was unsure how it would turn out View Results  Loading ... Transgender woman attacked, stabbed... A woman was attacked at a west Charlotte park in what she is calling a hate crime. Three teenage suspects have been arrested. more HB2 may have cost McCrory reelection At the climax of an election season unprecedented in history for its brutality and tragedy, there is one glimmer of light: Gov. Pat McCrory lost his... more Gregg Popovich still sick to his... San Antonio Spurs head coach Gregg Popovich is worried about what a Donald Trump presidency means for our country, saying "my big fear is — we are R... more Chelsea Clinton rallies with TurnOUT NC... Watch Chelsea Clinton rally LGBTQ and ally voters to not only get out the vote but to knock on doors and help spread the word to elect her mother,... more Jesse’s Journal: Election Day... According to a poll taken by the American Psychological Association, 52 percent of Americans polled said that the presidential election is a... more recent discussion Sam Adams on CIAA, NAIA, NJCAA cancel events in North Carolina over HB2 Sam Adams on CIAA, NAIA, NJCAA cancel events in North Carolina over HB2 Nancy Nance on CIAA, NAIA, NJCAA cancel events in North Carolina over HB2 Community Events Thursday, November 17, 2016 Reefer Madness Thursday, November 17, 2016 Three Bone Theatre presents Grand Concourse by Heidi Schreck Friday, November 18, 2016 The Jazz Room at The Stage Door Theater November 18 Friday, November 18, 2016 Reefer Madness Friday, November 18, 2016 Three Bone Theatre presents Grand Concourse by Heidi Schreck View All Events View Featured Events Submit a new event listing Tweets by @qnotescarolinas Home About Archives Contact Advertising Distribution Points Charlotte News Raleigh/Triangle News Triad News Columbia News LGBT Carolina Politics LGBT Arts & Entertainment RSS Feed top This amazing theme was handcrafted by Bebel
Subscribe Desktop View Follow Us SPONSORED BY DAILY STAT: More Americans can't save READ MORE News + Features Agent News National News Local News Improving Your Business Current Market Reports Technology Cover Story Current Issue Vol. 3 – 2015 Vol. 2 – 2014 Vol. 1 – 2013 The Scene Events Magazine Archives Volume 4 – 2009 Volume 3 – 2008 Volume 2 – 2007 Volume 1 – 2006 About Us Advertising Contact Us Submit Editorial Calendar Meet Our Staff Desktop View Home> Local News No Comments This week in Miami real estate: Douglas Elliman welcomes back a familiar face and Miami Beach approves mega mansion by James McClister September 9, 2016 Lots of interesting things happened this week in the world of real estate. Notable stories this week include the Douglas Elliman welcoming back a familiar face and Miami Beach approving a the construction of a larger-than-life mega mansion. Catch up on this week’s top news with our real estate news roundup: Douglas Elliman welcomes back Denver Bright – According to a release from Douglas Elliman: The leading South Florida firm proudly welcomes back Denver Bright as Director of Luxury Sales within the Sports & Entertainment division in Miami Beach. Denver will concentrate his sales expertise on the Sunny Isles, Miami Beach and the Downtown Miami market, with a strong focus on luxury condos and waterfront homes. Pharmaceutical heir lists $27 million home – This week, heir to the Merck pharmaceutical fortune, George Merck, and his wife, Adele, officially listed their lakefront mansion in Palm Beach for $27 million, according to The Real Deal. The home is 14,310 square feet with six bedrooms, eight bathrooms and occupies a three-quarter-acre plot along Lake Worth. New condo set to rise in Coconut Grove – ROVR Development has released plans for its five-story luxury condo tower, The Fairchild Coconut Grove, the Miami Herald Reported. According to ROVR’s Oscar Rodriguez, the development is the only waterfront project currently being built in Coconut Grove. Huge mansion approved on Miami Beach – The Miami Beach board approved changes to a mega mansion being built by Stuart Miller this week, Curbed Miami reported. 11 Star Island, which it will be called, will be 120,000 square feet and feature a lagoon, and underground parking garage and a helicopter landing pad. Commenting is not available unless JavaScript is enabled. (No Ratings Yet) Loading... Cancel reply Leave A Comment Name* Email* Categories Agent Snapshot Cover Story Current Market Data Jobs Board Local News My Style National News Tech Reviews Technology The Scene The Short List Trends Viewpoints Our Top 5 Stories 1 The top 10 private high schools in…Read More » 2 President Trump's housing market: 5 possibilities to…Read More » 3 Miami association tries to stay positive as…Read More » 4 Greater Miami home to nation's No. 1…Read More » 5 My Style: Irina Kim Sang, Broker Associate,…Read More » MORE Agent EDU 5 Steps of the Listing Presentation Learn how to put together listing presentations that will blow away prospective clients at AgentEDU.com Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter From 2015 to 2016, the share of Americans with $1,000 or less in savings ROSE: https://t.co/N7tURl31Jh #downpayment about 39 minutes ago from Hootsuite @JC_Investorist of @Investorist remarks on the growing interest Chinese buyers have in the U.S. market: https://t.co/UBT4zVB5oY about 4 hours ago from Hootsuite in reply to JC_Investorist Here are 7 tech tips for real estate agents from a true expert at Move, Inc: https://t.co/bfFOzxSl3D #techtips #realestate about 18 hours ago from Hootsuite A neighborhood’s “quality” was the most important factor in where buyers chose to live: https://t.co/1Iw7WDcnaQ #NAR2016Profile #homebuyers about 19 hours ago from Hootsuite These are the #top10 private high schools in #GreaterMiami: https://t.co/me2ZTWarNF #TopMiamiHighSchool about 20 hours ago from Hootsuite @miamiagentmag Subscribe Follow Us Miami Agent Magazine About Staff Advertising Editorial Calendar Stay Connected RSS Facebook Twitter Our Sites Agent Publishing Atlanta Agent Boston Agent Chicago Agent Houston Agent Miami Agent Coming Soon Austin Charlotte Columbus Dallas Denver Fort Meyers Ft. Lauderdale Indianapolis Jacksonville Las Vegas Los Angeles Memphis Minneapolis New York Oakland Orange County Orlando Philadelphia Phoenix Portland Sacramento San Antonio San Diego San Francisco San Jose Sarasota Seattle St. Louis Washington D.C. Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Comment Policy Contact Us Press Room
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Edison Partners Leads Series A Investment in Big Cloud Analytics Edison Partners Leads Series A Investment in Big Cloud Analytics Posted on September 9, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Fuels Growth for Leading Predictive Analytics Technology for Insurance & Healthcare Industries Princeton, NJ (PRWEB) September 13, 2016 Edison Partners is pleased to announce leading a $4.5M Series A round of financing in Atlanta-based Big Cloud Analytics Inc. (BCA), a leader in predictive analytics solutions for insurance and healthcare industries. Funds will be used to expand sales and marketing efforts, as well as product development. BCA is making healthcare simple and easy to understand by using IoT data from smart watches, wearables and other connected devices in 29 countries to inform decision-making. The company is growing 400% year over year with the help of distribution partners like Intel, CDW and Grupo Datco, and has been recognized by CIO Review as one of the Top 100 most promising companies in Big Data globally. Customers include Merck, MLC Life Insurance, as well as other health and life direct insurers and reinsurers. “We are impressed with BCA’s leadership team and the momentum they have created in bringing predictive analytics based on wearable device data to healthcare and insurance customers,” said Joe Allegra, Edison General Partner, who led the investment and has joined the board of directors. “The company has attracted marquee customers and channel partners, validating its potential to lead the market in the US, Europe and Australia.” The Company’s proprietary COVALENCE analytics platform gathers data from a wide array of activity trackers and uses proprietary algorithms to compute advanced population health analytics, manage population wellness and achieve improved claims outcomes. BCA is able to analyze data in real time for millions of users per customer, and display data in easy to understand dashboards at both the broad and individual level. “We are excited to have a financial and operating partner like Edison to help us accelerate our growth,” said J Patrick Bewley, Big Cloud Analytics CEO. “We are already benefiting from the firm’s value-add — from their CEO leadership development event at West Point in June to ongoing sales and marketing guidance.” Edison has invested in and guided more than 20 Healthcare IT businesses and is actively investing out of its latest fund, Edison VIII. Current Healthcare IT portfolio companies include ClearPoint Learning, Lincor Solutions, Trialscope and, recent addition, Virtual Health. Noteworthy exits include CambridgeSoft, Dendrite, DiagnosisOne, InnaPhase, Octagon, POMs, Portico, Premier Health Exchange (PHX) and Taratec. About Big Cloud Analytics Big Cloud Analytics leads the market in real-time predictive analytics technology for the Internet of Things (IoT). Recognized in 2015 by Intel as a Health Innovation Award Finalist and by CIO Review as one of the Top 100 most promising companies in Big Data globally, the Company provides disruptive end-to-end solutions comprising both software and hardware through its proprietary COVALENCETM Analytics Platform. Big Cloud serves life and health insurance and other healthcare organizations, such as hospitals, pharma, senior living facilities, etc. as well as employers for population health management. For more information, visit http://www.bigcloudanalytics.com. About Edison Partners For 30 years, Edison Partners has been helping CEOs and their executive teams navigate the entrepreneurial journey and build successful companies. Through the unique combination of expansion capital and the Edison Edge platform, consisting of strategic advisory, the Edison Director Network, and executive education, Edison employs a holistic approach to nurturing invention and creating value for growth stage businesses ($5 to $20 million in revenue) in financial technology, healthcare IT, enterprise IT, and marketing technology industries. Edison investment objectives also include: buyouts, recapitalizations, spinouts and secondary stock purchases. Edison’s active portfolio has created aggregate market value exceeding $5 billion. Its long-tenured team based in Princeton, NJ manages more than $1 billion in assets throughout the eastern United States. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/08/prweb13643302.htm Latest News HACR Applauds Appointment of Geisha Williams as President & CEO of PG&E U.S. Chamber Foundation Launches New Project: “Beyond 34: Recycling and Recovery for A New Economy” Revolutionary Bra Company Launches Comfy Product to Embrace Realism and Nix Armpit Fat Jennifer Lassonde, Senior Project Specialist at Massachusetts General Hospital, Wins 2016 Voalte Innovator of the Year Award 2016 DFW Auto Show in Fort Worth Arrives Dec. 1-4 Use of Healthcare Accounts in the U.S. Is Booming as Healthcare Costs Rise McClintock Distilling Opening Doors December 3rd 3xLOGIC Ranked 321st Fastest Growing Company in North America on Deloitte’s 2016 Technology Fast 500 Carlisle Academy Helping Educate University of New England Health Occupations Students About Equine Therapy US Sports Camps and Stanford University to Host Winter Women’s Lacrosse Camp December 27-30 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: This Caused Xencor Inc.'s Stock to Jump 11.6% in August Shares rose in response to the company posting a surprise quarterly profit. Brian Feroldi (TMFTypeoh) Sep 10, 2016 at 7:41AM Image source: Getty Images. What Investors in Xencor (NASDAQ:XNCR), a small-cap clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, enjoyed a healthy amount of share price appreciation in August. Thanks in large part to the company reporting a surprise quarterly profit, traders bid up the company's stock more than 11% during the month, according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence. XNCR data by YCharts. So what Xencor reported second-quarter revenue of $66 million, which was much higher than the $58.6 million that Wall Street had expected. As a clinical-stage biotech, Xencor earns its revenue primarily through collaboration agreements and milestone payments, and this quarter the company's top line was supported primarily by its partnerships with Novartis and Amgen.   Xencor's quarterly spending on research, development, and corporate overhead were substantially higher than in the year-ago period, but those numbers were quite modest when compared to the company's revenue. Those factors allowed Xencor to book a strong quarterly profit of $47.2 million, or $1.13 per share. That was far better than the $0.18 per share loss that analysts had projected. Xencor looks to be on solid financial footing, too. The company ended the quarter with $168.8 million in cash on its balance, but that number doesn't yet include the $150 million up-front payment that it just received from Novartis. Adding those numbers together gives the company well over $300 million in cash and equivalents, which the management believes should be enough to fund operations beyond 2019. Given the surprise quarterly profit and the huge financial runway it's easy to see why shares moved higher in August. Now what Xencor has done a great job at convincing some of the biggest healthcare companies on the planet to sign on as partners. Currently the company has agreements with the likes of Novartis, Amgen, Johnson & Johnson, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Merck, Novo Nordisk, and others to develop compounds based on the company's XmAb antibody technology. In total, Xencor believes that it should have 13 company-owned or partnered antibodies in the clinic by 2018, which could give Xencor's investors several shots on goal in the years ahead for indications including Lupus, Asthma, and cancer. There's no doubt that Xencor exhibits many of the qualities that clinical-stage biotech investors find attractive, but potential shareholders should remember that this company's most advanced compound is still just in phase 2 clinical trials. That means that it will still be several years of additional development work before the company could start generating revenue from product sales. For that reason, I personally plan on keeping Xencor as just a watch list candidate, but I must admit that I'll be following this company with great interest. Brian Feroldi owns shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals. Like this article? Follow him on Twitter where he goes by the handle @Longtermmindset or connect with him on LinkedIn to see more articles like this. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool recommends Novo Nordisk. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Feroldi (TMFTypeoh) Longtime Foolish investor Brian Feroldi has been covering the healthcare industry for the Motley Fool since 2015. Brian's investing goal is to buy companies with tremendous market opportunities, strong management teams, and dominant brands and then hold them for years and years. See all of his articles here and make sure you follow him on Twitter. Follow @longtermmindset Article Info Sep 10, 2016 at 7:41AM Health Care Stocks Xencor NASDAQ:XNCR $26.33 down $0.34 (-1.27%) Read More 3 Top Biotech Stocks to Buy in November Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x

ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search The Biotech ETF With The Unusual Investment Strategy September 9, 2016 6:40am NASDAQ:CNCR ShareTweet With most of the investable universe covered by an ETF in some form or another, fund providers are targeting increasingly narrow spaces for new product launches. Management style tactics are also veering from the norm, as evidenced by the boom in smart beta products. While many of the ETFs are perfectly acceptable in the context of their stated investment objectives, one biotech ETF stands out with a more curious strategy. The Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF (NASDAQ:CNCR) seeks to target companies are developing therapies to treat cancer using the body’s own immune system. Cancer immunotherapy is a growing trend in science and medicine so developing an ETF that stands to benefit from its potential is logical. The way that the portfolio is constructed, however, may be preventing the fund from achieving its goal. The fund targets a total of 30 companies for its portfolio. It consists of 23 small biotech names that are developing immunotherapy drugs, some of which are in various stages of clinical trial. The other seven names are some of the largest names in healthcare working on immunotherapy. The result is a strange portfolio that is part micro-cap, part mega-cap. The combination of large and small companies also impacts the fund’s ability to provide a pure play on immunotherapy. Many of the clinical stage biotechs are staking their existences on the success of their cancer therapy drug pipelines. These companies offer direct exposure to the growth of the cancer immunotherapy industry. For the large cap names in the portfolio such as Amgen (AMGN), Pfizer (PFE), Celgene (CELG) and Merck (MRK), immunotherapy likely represents very little of the company’s bigger picture. While these companies may be involved in the field in some form or degree, an investment in any of these stocks is an investment in the broader healthcare sector, not in immunotherapy specifically. The correlation between the Cancer Immunotherapy ETF and the SPDR Health Care Select Sector ETF (XLV) is somewhere between 70% and 80% depending on the time period examined, so the presence of the mega-cap pharma companies isn’t turning it into a more generalized health care ETF. The fund may be better off without them, though, if it wishes to provide more pure exposure to immunotherapy. The presence of the big pharma names in the portfolio does make some sense given that a consolidation in the immunotherapy industry is likely to occur once it begins maturing. There is a good possibility that any small biotech demonstrating success with its cancer drug pipeline will be ripe for acquisition by a big name like Novartis (NVS) or Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY). In the end, the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF does meet its objective of investing in a portfolio of 30 names with exposure to the sector. Those names, however, are exposed to much different degrees. The mix of mega-caps and micro-caps in one ETF is a bit of an odd combination. Investors buying shares of this fund believing that they’re getting a pure play on the growing immunotherapy industry may be a little disappointed. CNCR closed at $25.09 per share on Thursday, up $0.26 (+1.05%). Year-to-date, the fund has fallen 12.15%, but has risen 15% in the past six months. About the Author: David Dierking David Dierking is a freelance writer focusing primarily on ETFs, mutual funds, dividend income strategies and retirement planning. He has spent more than 20 years in the financial services industry and his background includes experience in investment management, portfolio analytics and asset/liability management at both BMO Financial Group and Strong Capital Management. He has written for Seeking Alpha, Motley Fool, ETF Trends and Investopedia and was also included in the panel for ETFReference.com’s “101 ETF Investing Tips from the Experts”. He has a B.A. in Finance from Michigan State University and lives in Wisconsin with his wife and two daughters. You can connect with David on Twitter and LinkedIn. Tags: biotech NASDAQ:CNCR Categories: NASDAQ:CNCR Read Next What to Know About the Biotech World This Week M&A Fever Continues to Propel Biotech ETF’s Recovery A Biotech Investor’s Worst Nightmare Just Came True Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular The Biggest Post-Trump Winner So Far? DryShips Is Up 1600% Technicals Suggest A Dow Pullback Could Be Brewing Why Is Oil Bouncing By 3% Today? Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2016 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Researchmoz Global Pvt.Ltd Tweet   Research Details & Developments Market for Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking, 2010- 2016 This "Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016" report provides insight into the adoption trends, market dynamics, competitive landscape, pipeline products, current and emerging players as well as market outlooks.   Market Research Report (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 09, 2016 ) Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016 Size and Share Published in 2016-09-01 Available for US$ 2995 at Researchmoz.us Description The Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016 report is your one-stop source for providing real-deal information on hundreds of transactions, including the technology licensed, royalty rates, license fees, upfront and milestone payments. This report provides details of the latest partnering deals which disclose a royalty rate, announced in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic sectors. The report provides details of partnering deals disclosing royalty rates from 2010 to 2016. The report provides an overview of how and why companies enter partnering deals where a royalty is payable upon commercialization of the compound or technology. Understanding the flexibility of a prospective partners negotiated deals terms provides critical insight into the negotiation process in terms of what you can expect to achieve during the negotiation of terms. Whilst many smaller companies will be seeking details of the payments clauses, the devil is in the detail in terms of how payments are triggered contract documents provide this insight where press releases and databases do not. This report contains a comprehensive listing of all partnering deals announced since 2005 where a quantitative royalty rate has been disclosed, as recorded in the Current Agreements deals and alliances database. Each deal record and royalty disclosure is available in further detail via a link to online copy of the deal including actual contract document, where available, as submitted to the Securities Exchange Commission by companies and their partners. The initial chapters of this report provide an orientation of royalty rate trends in pharma and biotech since 2010. Chapter 1 provides an introduction to the report, whilst chapter 2 provides an overview of the trends in royalty rates in the pharma and biotech sectors since 2010, including a summary of the recent literature on the subject. Chapter 3 provides an average benchmark royalty rates. The chapter includes numerous tables and figures summarizing the benchmark royalty rates by stage of development, therapy area and technology area. Get a Free Sample Copy of the Report: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=807374 Chapter 4 provides a more detailed insight into the structure of a royalty rate clause and how it fits with the other financial terms of the partnering deal. The chapter includes numerous case studies for actual deals where royalty rates have been disclosed. Chapter 5 provides an insight into companies active in disclosing royalty rates as well as those deals attracting the highest royalty rates, and why. Chapter 6 provides comprehensive and detailed access to deals which disclose a royalty rate since 2010 where a contract document is available. Contract documents provide an in-depth insight into the actual deal terms agreed between the parties with respect to the royalty rate. In addition the report includes a comprehensive appendix listing of all deals where a royalty rate has been disclosed announced since 2010. Each listing is organized as an appendix by company A-Z, stage of development at signing, therapeutic area, and technology type. Each deal title links via hyperlink to an online version of the deal record including, where available, the actual contract document. The report includes deals announced by hundreds of life science companies including big pharma such as Abbott, Abbvie, Actavis, Amgen, Astellas, AstraZeneca, Baxter, Bayer, Biogen Idec, BMS, Celgene, Eisai, Eli Lilly, Gilead, GSK, J&J, Kyowa Hakko, Merck, Mitsubishi, Mylan, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Sanofi, Shire, Takeda, Teva, and Valeant, amongst many others. The report also includes numerous table and figures that illustrate the trends in royalty rates in pharma and biotech deal making since 2010. In conclusion, this report provides everything a prospective dealmaker needs to know about royalty rates in the pharma and biotech sector. Inquiry on this report: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=807374 Key benefits Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016 provides the reader with the following key benefits: In-depth understanding of royalty rate partnering deal trends since 2010 Analysis of the structure of royalty clauses with numerous real life case studies Comprehensive listing of all partnering deals since 2010 where a royalty rate is disclosed, together with deal terms, value and press release Comprehensive access to actual partnering deal contracts entered into by the worlds life science companies where a royalty rate is disclosed Insight into the royalty terms included in a licensing agreement, together with real world clause examples Understand the key deal terms companies have agreed in previous deals Undertake due diligence to assess suitability of your proposed deal terms for partner companies Report scope Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016 is intended to provide the reader with an in-depth understanding of the royalty rate trends and structure of deals entered into by leading life science companies worldwide. Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016 includes: Trends in royalty rates in the biopharma industry since 2010 Analysis of royalty rate clause structure Case studies of real-life licensing deals which disclose royalty rates Comprehensive listing of licensing deals which disclose royalty rates since 2010 Access to licensing contract documents which disclose royalty rates The leading licensing deals by royalty rate value since 2010 Most active royalty rate disclosures since 2010 In Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016 available deals and contracts are listed by: Company A-Z Headline value Therapeutic area Technology type Each deal title links via Weblink to an online version of the actual deal record and where available, contract document, providing easy access to each contract document on demand The Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016 report provides comprehensive access to available contract documents for licensing deals. Analyzing actual contract agreements allows assessment of the following: What are the precise royalty rates granted? What is actually granted by the agreement to the partner company? What exclusivity is granted? What is the payment structure for the deal? How are sales and payments audited? What is the deal term? How are the key terms of the agreement defined? How are IPRs handled and owned? Who is responsible for commercialization? Who is responsible for development, supply, and manufacture? How is confidentiality and publication managed? How are disputes to be resolved? Under what conditions can the deal be terminated? What happens when there is a change of ownership? What sublicensing and subcontracting provisions have been agreed? Which boilerplate clauses does the company insist upon? Which boilerplate clauses appear to differ from partner to partner or deal type to deal type? Which jurisdiction does the company insist upon for agreement law? Browse All Pharmaceutical Market Research Reports at: http://www.researchmoz.us/pharmaceutical-market-reports-38.html About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the worlds fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. Contact Us: ResearchMoz Mr. Nachiket Ghumare, +1-518-621-2074 USA-Canada Toll Free: 866-997-4948 sales@researchmoz.us <||>rnhttp://www.researchmoz.us/ Contact Information: Researchmoz Global Pvt.Ltd Researchmoz Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Future Market Insights Tweet   Agar Market Has Been Estimated to Account for US$ 357,091.6 by 2026 Future Market Insights has announced the addition of the Agar Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026" report to their offering.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 09, 2016 ) Agar being used as an essential natural ingredient in food and beverages; in technical application; in bacteriological and many other sectors is propelling the demand for agar. Future Market Insights (FMI) estimates global agar volume to surpass 10,968.8 tonnes by 2016 end and represent market value of over US$ 220,838.5. In global market, the demand for agar is dominated by food and beverage segment which especially includes bakery and dairy products. Companies dealing in agar products are promoting agar as an ingredient which has natural and health benefits. Apart from its wide application in food and beverages industry, its application is also increasing in cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, media culture and medical analytics. Food and beverage industry is the largest segment which are preferring agar as a thickener and stabilising agent and is expected to account for over 84.0% value share in 2016. Moreover, food and beverage segment is expected to reach 9,216.8 tonnes in 2016  an increase of 1.5% over 2015. Request Free Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-330 The form segment includes strips and powder. With powder segment registering significant revenue generation and estimated to account for 63.5% value share in 2016. FMI estimates global consumption of agar powder to surpass 6,969.7 tonnes by 2016 end, an increase of 1.7% in 2016 over 2015. In terms of consumption, Western Europe is the largest consumer with the total consumption estimated at 3,012.7 tonnes in 2015. Among all the regions, APEJ is predicted to observe robust growth over forecast period 20162026. Agarmex, New Zealand Manuka Group, Hispanagar, Acroyali Holdings Qingdao Co. Ltd., Industrias Roko, S.A, Neogen, Merck Group, Agarindo Bogatama, Setexam and Norevo Gmbh are the major companies identified across the value chain in the global agar market. Companies are also emphasising on research and development for application of agar in technical applications. Speak To Analyst@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-330 Long-Term outlook:FMI seeks a positive long-term outlook on global agar market and anticipated global value of agar to surpass US$ 357,091.6 by 2026. Volume-wise, the global agar market is estimated to expand at a CAGR of 2.6% through 2026. Contact Information: Future Market Insights Abhishek Budholiya Tel: 2076928790 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
