null
Mareeg.com | Somalia | World news | Current & Breaking News | National & World Home Af-Soomaali Africa Europe Asia Middle East World news Contact Us Somalia news News Ticker [ 23rd November 2016 ] Boost of Defence cooperation between Seychelles and China World news [ 23rd November 2016 ] How to Feed the World World news [ 23rd November 2016 ] Sustainable Development: EU sets out its new priorities Europe [ 23rd November 2016 ] Asia-Pacific can only secure long-term prosperity through shared-benefits: experts china [ 23rd November 2016 ] UK & Egypt are working together to raise awareness of gender issues Egypt Search for: HomeFeaturedKenya:Jackline Mwende – , a victim of infertility Stigma in Africa Kenya:Jackline Mwende – , a victim of infertility Stigma in Africa 8th August 2016 Mo Featured, Kenya 0 sponsored Links The harrowing story of Jacqueline Mwende , a victim of infertility Stigma in Africa JacklineMwendeMunywoki from Machakos, Kenya is the recent victim of the brutal physical and psychological assault that women in Africa face as a result of being infertile and are unable to bear children even when they are not the ones with the problem. She recently had her hands chopped off by her husband of five years for not conceiving and giving birth. JacklineMwendewho says she had a stable upbringing, in a loving home where she grew up with six of her siblings narrates how she came to lose her hands because of not being able to have children in her marriage. Her parents did their best to take her to school from kindergarten up to primary school class 8. Upon completing her studies, Mwende enrolled in a tailoring school where she learnt how to sew and make garments. It was at this school that she met and fell in love with Stephen Ngila – her husband. They got married in 2011. “A year into the marriage and with no child, I began to notice changes in my husband. He had picked up bad habits such as drinking alcohol and started to become abusive. It was at this point that I confided in my parents, who were also wondering why I had not become pregnant yet. They advised me to leave the marriage since it was becoming abusive,” Mwende narrates. “As an avid church goer, I also sought advice from my pastor,” she adds. Even at the start of the violence in the marriage, both she and Ngila would go to seek counselling from him.The pastor advised both of them to live in harmony; however, Ngila ignored. The pastor advised her to stay with her husband, of which she tried as long as she could. Both Mwende and Ngila went to hospital for diagnosis.  It was confirmed that Ngila- the husband- was infertile. “I constantly pleaded with Ngila to go to hospital to seek a treatment for his infertility, but he always made up excuses. He would say that he would go after work but never did,” she says sadly. Their marriage continued to get strained and the abuse increased because Mwende had not borne a child. On several occasions, the couple wound up at the police station due to their fights and arguments. The couple eventually separated and Mwende set up her own small shop from where she was getting some income to support herself and even her parents. On August 1st 2016 in the evening, Mwende was peacefully eating her dinner when she heard a knock on the door. When she went to open the door, Ngina who was drunk started to attack her with a panga machete and cut off her left hand. In shock, Mwendecollapsed on the floor while Ngina continued to hit her with the machete on her face, and cut off her other right hand. “Today you have decided to kill me?” Mwende recalls screaming at Ngila. His intent was to kill her, but she continued screaming until her neighbours came to her rescue and Ngila escaped. She was taken to the hospital for treatment and she is currently on medication and nursing her wounds – which will always be a constant reminder that the reason she is in the state she is now is because she never bore any children. “If it is God’s will that I do not have a child, I am content with this,” Mwende bravely said. She is hopeful for her future and grateful for all the support the community has given her. She would not like any other couple to go through what she has experienced and advises couples to seek solutions together if they cannot have a child, and visit the hospital for check-up’s regularly. “Merck More than a Mother” supports Jackline Mwende – a Victim of Infertility Stigma in Kenya Merck More than a Mother” initiative will support Jackline Mwende, the recent victim of infertility stigma, throughout the rest of her life after having her hands chopped off by her husband for failing to bear children. Merck aims to empower infertile women across the continent through access to information, health and change of mind-set through their initiative that been launched in June 2015 “More than a Mother” “JackelineMwende, a young woman of 27 years from Machakos County in Kenya whose both hands were chopped off – not by thieves but by her own husband for failing to bear children. It is so shocking that someone would go to such an extent to batter his own wife and leave her nearly dead. Infertility should never be a reason to separate, hurt or kill your partner. There are so many options out there available to manage infertility” said Hon. Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament and the Ambassador for ‘Merck More than a Mother’ in Kenya. “Through -Empowering Berna-project, Merck will support Jackeline Mwende throughout the rest of her life to empower and enable her to become an independent productive member in society. ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative will provide Mwende with a monthly income of $250 , then will establish a business for her in which she will be able to generate a sustainable monthly income of not less than $250. At the same time Merck will provide her with prosthetic hands in addition to the needed physical and physiological rehabilitation to enable her to support herself and stand on her own two feet despite the challenge of her brutal disability that was caused by the stigma of infertility – even though her husband is the one who was found with the infertility problem, yet she is still the one who bore the devastating consequences of the public stigma associated with it.” said Kelej. “Mwende didn’t deserve what she went through and especially that her husband is the one who was found with the infertility problem and not her. Society, government and all stakeholders need to continue to join hands with Merck in their campaign to encourage the acceptance people live with infertility because the stigma associated with infertility puts pressure on them to a point where they do crazy and criminal things. We need to know that it’s a shared responsibility, not just for the couple but for the society too,” Joyce Lay added. “Jackline Mwende’s story is the reason all people should appreciate ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative. No sane person should torture a woman for failing to produce children. Men should not think that their failure to be a biological father is due to women’s infertility. Why torture a fellow human being and inflict such permanent bodily harm for a fault that could be yours?. No amount of justice in the courts of law will bring back Mwende’s arms. Justice will only prevail if Mwende’s case marks a turning point in society that appreciates one fact- “that women are women irrespective of their ability to bear children. They need to be respected,” emphasized Hon. Sarah Opendi, Uganda Minister of State of Health and Uganda ambassador of Merck more than a Mother. “This terrible violence Mwende suffered ny5tghas emphasized the significance of ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative for Africa. ‘Merck More than a Mother’ will continue working closely with partners to create a culture shift and to empower infertile women economically and socially through “Empowering Berna” Project to ensure no other woman in Africa should ever go through such violence, humiliation or misery again,” Rasha Kelej emphasized. This article was published with permission from APO on behalf of Kariuki Communication. Sharing is caring! Facebook Twitter Google+ More from my this site kenya:UK partners with Kenyan police to combat child abuse The new unit, established in April by the National Police Service of Kenya (NPS) in collaboration with the UK’s National Crime Agency Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre […] Emergency Education Now Mareeg.com- DAVOS – In an ideal world, whenever children needed help, they would get it. When girls and boys were forced from their homes or classrooms because of war, natural disaster, or […] Kenay:Police accused of executing 3 ISIS women by International Business Times UK‎ --Human rights activists in Kenya have accused their police force of executing three women who allegedly attacked a police station after pledging […] Victoria Beckham and son Brooklyn on HIV awareness raising mission to Kenya with Born Free Africa and UNAIDS Witnessing first-hand the successes and challenges of Kenya’s AIDS response, Victoria and Brooklyn Beckham call for greater commitment, action and funding to end the AIDS […] Previous Madaxweyne Galmudug Guuled oo Groonka Moqdisho lagu soo dhaweeyey Next Harnessing the Power of Teenage Girls Boost of Defence cooperation between Seychelles and China World news 23rd November 2016 0 Seychelles to Boost Military Cooperation with China General Wang and his delegation are in Seychelles to pursue discussions and explore new avenues to enhance the bilateral cooperation between Seychelles and China in the field of [...] How to Feed the World World news 23rd November 2016 0 by Bjørn Lomborg-PRAGUE – Hunger has wracked humanity since time immemorial. Nearly every major society has been shaped by famine; one estimate suggests that China suffered drought or flood-induced starvation in at least one province [...] World news Chile, Swaziland ratify Trade Facilitation Agreement 22nd November 2016 0 COTONOU, Benin,  –Concluded at the WTO’s 2013 Bali Ministerial Conference, the TFA contains provisions for expediting the movement, release and clearance of goods, including goods in transit. It also sets out measures for effective cooperation [...] World news Welsh Government Minister visits Uganda 22nd November 2016 0 KAMPALA, Uganda, —Vaughan Gething AM, Cabinet Secretary for Health, Wellbeing and Sport in the Welsh Government, visited Uganda from 22 to 27 October. His visit was timed to mark 10 years of Wales for Africa, [...] Featured Op-ed: Asia on alert as Japan slides towards renouncing pacifist pledge 20th November 2016 0 By Zhong Sheng from People’s Daily-Japan’s Commission on the Constitution under the House of Councillors restarted its substantive discussion on a constitutional amendment on November 16 after a nine-month hiatus. It is the first formal [...] Follow on Facebook Watch:Streatham community participating politics Tweets Liked by @Mareegonline Latest posts Boost of Defence cooperation between Seychelles and China 23rd November 2016 0 How to Feed the World 23rd November 2016 0 Sustainable Development: EU sets out its new priorities 23rd November 2016 0 Recent Comments 賴炳樹 on Paris Agreement to usher new chapter in global climate governance: ahmed on Effect of Illegal Immigration(tahrib) in Somalia Nancy Hay on Economist’s Global Crisis of Obesity Summit in Dubai urge in Tackling Obesity Economy Sports Business Health politics Mareeg media Mareeg Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
× We use cookies to improve your experience. By your continued use of this site you accept such use. About Contact Log In/Signup en fr pt ar Toggle navigation Menu Home Press Offices Sources List Get APO Content Send a press release Advertising Agriculture Art Aviation/Airlines Banking/Finance Books Chemical Computers Defense/Aerospace Education Electricity Entertainment Environment Food/Beverages Health Infectious Diseases Infrastructure Insurance Internet Technology Investment Logistics Maritime Mining Mobile Motoring Movies Music Oil and Gas Pharmaceutical Renewable energy Retail Sport Telecommunications Textile Tobacco Tourism Transport Wood African Development Animals Asia Awards Business Children Economy Energy European Government Events/Media Advisory Foreign Policy Handicapped/Disabled Humanitarian Aid Justice/Legal issues Labour market Not For Profit Oil/Gas discoveries Personnel announcements Religion Trade Urbanism/Cities Water/Sanitation Women Afghanistan Africa Algeria Angola Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Benin Botswana Brazil Burkina Faso Burundi California Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad China Comoros Congo (Republic of the) Cuba Democratic Republic of Congo Denmark Djibouti Egypt Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Finland France Gabon Gambia Germany Ghana Greece Guinea Guinea-Bissau Illinois India Ireland Islamic Republic of Iran Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Jordan Kenya Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Kuwait Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Mali Malta Mauritania Mauritius Middle East MONACO Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zeland Niger Nigeria Norway Portugal Russia Rwanda Sao Tome and Principe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sudan Swaziland Switzerland Tanzania The People's Republic of China Togo Tunisia Turkey Uganda United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Vatican Zambia Zimbabwe _ A New Earth, organic and eco-living store Access Power Action Against Hunger - ACF-UK Action contre la Faim (ACF) Advanced Finance & Investment Group LLC (AFIG Funds) Africa 2.0 Africa Business Forum Africa Finance Corporation (AFC) Africa Initiative for Governance Africa Luxury Hospitality Africa News Latest Africa Oil & Power conference Africa PPP Africa Progress Panel (APP) Africa Regional Media Hub Africa-PPB-EXPO Tanzania 2016 African Alliances for Women Empowerment and Africa Fertility Society African Alliances of Women Empowerment African Blogger Awards African Centre for Justice and Peace Studies (ACJPS) African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights (African Court) African Entrepreneurship Award (AEA) African Innovation Foundation (AIF) African Institute for Mathematical Sciences (AIMS) African Leadership African Leadership Academy (ALA) African Mineral Development Centre African Securities Exchanges Association (ASEA) African Society for Laboratory Medicine (ASLM) African Trade Insurance Agency (ATI) African Union Commission (AUC) African Union Peace and Security Department African Union Sports Council (AUSC) African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) African Viral Hepatitis Summit 2016 AfricanStates.info Afrinection Afrique Telecom AfroCan Resources Gold Ltd AGCO Corporation Agence de Promotion de l'Investissement Extérieur (FIPA) - Tunisie Agence française de développement (AFD) Aggreko plc Agility Aid & International Development Forum Al Yah Satellite Communications Company PrJSC, "Yahsat" Aleda SAS Aleph Hospitality Ambassade d'Allemagne au Togo Ambassade de France au Cameroun Ambassade de France au Cameroun Ambassade de France au Sénégal Ambassade de France en Algérie Ambassade de France en Guinée et en Sierra Leone Ambassade de l’Etat de Palestine au Sénégal Ambassade de la Republique du Rwanda en France Ambassade des Etats-Unis au Senegal Ambassade des Etats-Unis d'Amérique au Maroc Ambassade du Burkina à Paris Ambassade du Canada République démocratique du Congo Ambassade du Japon au Burundi American Institutes for Research (AIR) Amnesty International AMPION.org Angola Cables Antoine Glaser APO Appolonia - City of Light Argus Media Aurecon Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Australian Embassy (Union of Comoros & Madagascar) Australian Embassy in Zimbabwe Australian High Commission - Nigeria Australian High Commission in Ghana Australian High Commission in Kenya Australian High Commission in Pretoria, South Africa AviaDev Africa Avon Peaking Power Pty Ltd Bamba Group Bamboo Finance Basic Lead LLC Bayport Management Ltd Bench Events Best Western Hotels & Resorts Better Than Cash BIA Overseas s.a. Bidco Africa Black First Land First Black Opinion BON Cloud Bourse Régionale des Valeurs Mobilières (BRVM) Brand South Africa British Embassy Addis Ababa British Embassy Antananarivo British Embassy Banjul British Embassy Cairo British Embassy Conakry British Embassy Dakar British Embassy Harare British Embassy in Tunis British Embassy Juba British Embassy Khartoum British Embassy Kinshasa British Embassy Luanda British Embassy Mogadishu British Embassy Rabat British High Commission - Lilongwe British High Commission - Lusaka British High Commission - Maputo British High Commission - Yaounde British High Commission Abuja British High Commission Accra British High Commission Dar es Salaam British High Commission Freetown British High Commission Gaborone British High Commission in Seychelles British High Commission Kampala British High Commission Nairobi British High Commission Port Louis British High Commission Pretoria British High Commission Windhoek Bugala Farmers Association Business Journal Cambridge Broadband Networks (CBNL) Cambridge International Examinations Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group CaseWare Africa Caterpillar Inc. CDNetworks Centers for Disease Control & Prevention (CDC) Centre d'Information des Nations Unies (CINU) Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso Centre d’Information des Nations Unies de Ouagadougou Centurion Law Group Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Cherie Blair Foundation for Women CISCO Citizens Commission on Human Rights International (CCHR) Climate Investment Funds Code Blue campaign Commission de l'océan Indien (COI) Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) Commonwealth Secretariat Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation (CTO) Commune de Meckhé (Sénégal) Control Risks Group Holdings Ltd Council of the European Union CWC Group Limited CyberXchange Dangote Group DEAL 2016 (Dubai Entertainment Amusement and Leisure) Delegação da União Europeia em Angola Delegação da União Europeia na Guiné-Bissau Délégation de l'Union européenne au Burkina Faso Délégation de l'Union européenne au Togo Délégation de l'Union européenne en Tunisie Delegation of the European Union to the Republic of Mauritius Delegation of the European Union to Ghana Delegation of the European Union to Guinea Delegation of the European Union to Liberia Delegation of the European Union to Mozambique Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Department for International Development (DFID) Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Ireland Department of Foreign Affairs Canada Derou & Partners Deutsche Post DHL DFID Malawi Discovery Communications, LLC DMWA Resources Dr Walter Mzembi Dubai Chamber of Commerce & Industry ECAir (Equatorial Congo Airlines) Ecobank Egyptian Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (MCIT) Eko Atlantic Embassy of Cuba in South Africa Embassy of Finland in Nairobi Embassy of France in Nigeria Embassy of France to Ghana Embassy of Japan in Kenya Embassy of Japan in Somalia Embassy of Japan in South Sudan Embassy of Japan to the Republic of Seychelles Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Tanzania Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany Kampala Embassy of the Republic of Mali to the United States of America Embassy of the Republic of Sierra Leone in the Republic of Korea Embassy of the Republic of the Sudan - Washington DC Embassy of the Russian Federation in Nigeria Embassy of the United States - Accra - Ghana Embassy of the United States of America in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire EMRC Endeavour Mining Corporation Energy and Environment Partnership Programme with Southern and East Africa (EEP S&EA) EnergyNet Ltd. ENGIE EQS Group Etisalat Etix Group EU Delegation to Kenya EU Delegation to Rwanda EU Delegation to Somalia EUNAVFOR Atalanta European Commission European Council European Court of Auditors (ECA) European External Action Service (EEAS) European Investment Bank (EIB) European Law Students’ Association (ELSA) European Parliament European Union European Union Delegation to the African Union Export Development Canada EXX AFRICA EY Facebook Federal Department of Economic Affairs, Education and Research, Switzerland Federal Department of Foreign Affairs Switzerland Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade & Investment, Nigeria Federal Ministry Republic of Austria Federal Republic of Somalia - Office of the President Fédération internationale de football association (FIFA) FedEx Corp. Financial Nigeria International Limited flydubai Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) Fortinet Forum de Bamako Freedom House French Embassy in Kenya French Embassy in Kenya and Somalia Frost & Sullivan Garmin Southern Africa GBS Africa GE Gemalto GeoPoll German Embassy in Dar es Salaam German Embassy Khartoum German Embassy Nairobi Germany - Federal Foreign Office Global Pacific & Partners Global Witness Globeleq Government of Canada Greenpeace Hilton Worldwide Hip Africa Hitachi Data Systems Hotelnownow Human Factors International (HFI) Human Rights Watch (HRW) Human RightWorking Group (HRWG) on Somalia Humpherys Elkington Ltd HWB ICS Financial Systems (ICSFS) IEC (International Electrotechnical Commission) IGN France International Imani Informa Telecoms & Media Ingenico Group Initiative for Global Development (IGD) Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) Interactive Intelligence, Inc. International Air Transport Association (IATA) International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) International Bureau of Fiscal Documentation (IBFD) International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) International Conference on the Great Lakes Region International Criminal Court (ICC) International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid-Tropics (ICRISAT) International Data Corporation (IDC) International Diamond Conference 2015 International Enterprise (IE) Singapore International Expo-Consults (IEC) International Federation of Human Rights (FIDH) International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) International Forum on Islamic Finance (IFIF) International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) International Indigenous Working Group on HIV & AIDS (IIWGHA) International Monetary Fund (IMF) International Office of Migration (IOM) International Raelian Movement (IRM) International Road Transport Organisation (IRU) Internet Society (ISOC) INTERPOL INTL FCStone Inc. Intracom Telecom Invest in Data Center Africa Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector (ICD) Islamic Development Bank Group (IDB Group) JLL JMG Limited Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Jumia Jwebi Kalangala Oil Palm Growers Association (KOPGA) Kariuki Communication Kaspersky Ken Research Kingdom of Belgium - Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation Kirusa Knight Frank LLP Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences (KFAS) KWESÉ L'Oréal Group Light Reading LittleBigSouls International Charitable Foundation Louis Berger Mahindra Comviva MainOne Mainstream Renewable Power Marché Financier de l'Afrique Centrale (COSUMAF) Marriott International, Inc. McKinsey & Company Médecins sans frontières (MSF) Media Institute of Southern Africa (MISA) Medic West Africa Mercer LLC Merck Michelin Mining Indaba Ministère de la Santé de la République gabonaise Ministère des Affaires Etrangères de la République Française Ministère des Postes, des Télécommunications et des Nouvelles Technologies de Madagascar (MPTNT) Ministère du Tourisme, des Transports et de la Météorologie de Madagascar Ministry Human Settlements - Republic of South Africa Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom Ministry of Energy, Republic of Sierra Leone Ministry of External Affairs - Government of India Ministry of Finance - Government of Ghana Ministry of Finance, Republic of Angola Ministry of Foreign Affairs - Singapore Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Investment Promotion - Federal Republic of Somalia Ministry of Foreign Affairs Norway Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Brazil Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Cuba Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Hellenic Republic Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Seychelles Ministry of Mines, Industry and Energy Equatorial Guinea Mission de l'Organisation des Nations unies en République démocratique du Congo (MONUSCO) MOAB Power Mobile Accord Monarch&Co International MoneyGram International, Inc. Mozilla MSD Mundipharma Pte Ltd National Institutes of Health (NIH) Netherlands Embassy in Accra - Ghana New African Magazine New Partnership for Africa’s Development (NEPAD) New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade Next Einstein Forum (NEF) Nigerian Export-Import Bank (NEXIM) Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) Nigerian Young Professionals Forum (NYPF) Nollywood Week Paris Film Festival Norwegian Refugee Council Novartis International AG Oakbay Investments Ltd Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) Office of the Humanitarian Coordination in Central African Republic - United Nations Office of the Special Envoy of the United Nations Secretary-General for the Great Lakes region (OSESG-GL) Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Sexual Violence in Conflict Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) Office of the UN Resident Coordinator - Uganda Ogilvy & Mather Namibia On Time International One Acre Fund ONE.org Opera Software ASA Opération des Nations Unies en Côte d’Ivoire (ONUCI) Oracle Orange Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Ozaremit Pan African Federation of Filmmakers (FEPACI) Pan-African reinsurance Journalism Awards Panalpina World Transport Ltd. Paramount Group Parliamentary Assembly of the Mediterranean Partnership Africa Canada (PAC) Partnerships for Forests Permanent Mission of the Republic of Zambia to the United Nations Philip Morris International (PMI) Planet Earth Institute PM Pumpmakers GmbH Praekelt Foundation Présidence de la République de Madagascar Présidence de la République française Présidence de la République Gabonaise President of Russia PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) Prime Minister's Office, 10 Downing Street Printronix Inc. Privinvest Prognari Public Relations Society of Kenya (PRSK) Quantum Global Group Questra World RB (Reckitt Benckiser) Reach for Change Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information Republic of South Africa: Department of Health Republic of South Africa: Department of International Relations and Cooperation Republic of South Africa: The Parliament Republic of South Africa: The Presidency Ringier AG Roche Pharmaceuticals Limited Root Capital Rotary Royal Norwegian Embassy in Addis Ababa Royal Norwegian Embassy in Dar es Salaam Royal Norwegian Embassy in Kampala Royal Norwegian Embassy in Khartoum Royal Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs Royal Philips Rwanda Development Board (RDB) Sabre Sage Sage HR & Payroll Said Business School - University of Oxford Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Sanofi Pasteur Save the Children Scatec Solar Secrétaire d’Etat chargé du Développement et de la Francophonie ShowMax Sierra Leone Ministry of Finance and Economic Development SimbaPay SITA Smile Telecoms Holdings Ltd Souq.com South African Embassy to the Federal Republic of Germany SSP Standard Bank Standard Chartered Stanford Graduate School of Business Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. State House Uganda Sustainable Energy for All SWIFT Tagattitude Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Tana High-Level Forum on Security in Africa Tanzania International Forum For Investments Tanzania Investment Forum 2016 Techne Summit Tegeta Terrace Africa Terrapinn The Africa Property Investment (API) Summit The African Risk Capacity Insurance Company Limited (ARC Ltd) The African Wildlife Foundation (AWF) The Bidco Truth Coalition The Bosch Group The Consulate General of the Federal Republic of Germany in Lagos The Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) The Department of Energy, South Africa The Department of Trade and Industry, South Africa The Development Bank of Southern Africa (DBSA) The Economist Events The Economist Newspaper Limited The Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Windhoek The Emirates Group The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China The Guardian The Gupta family The Mauritius Commercial Bank Ltd (MCB) The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation The Naked Convos The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) The White House ThinkSearch Africa Thomson Reuters Tigo TMT Finance Tobacco Association of Malawi (TAMA) Transparency Forum Initiative (TFI) Transparency International U.S Embassy Nairobi, Kenya U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) U.S. Department of State U.S. Embassy - Cairo U.S. Embassy Addis Ababa, Ethiopia U.S. Embassy Cotonou - Benin U.S. Embassy in Juba U.S. Embassy Kinshasa U.S. Embassy Pretoria, South Africa U.S. Trade and Development Agency (USTDA) Uber Uganda International Oil and Gas Summit (UIOGS) UK Export Finance UK Science & Innovation Network in South Africa UK Trade & Investment UK Trade & Investment Tanzania UN Information Centre in Cairo UN Information Centre in Pretoria (UNIC) UN Women União Europeia Delegação na República de Cabo Verde UNICEF Dakar UNICEF Sierra Leone UNICEF Uganda United Engine Corporation (UEC) United Kingdom Foreign and Commonwealth Office United Kingdom Telecommunications Academy (UKTA) United Nations - Office of the Resident Coordinator Cameroon United Nations - Office of the Spokesperson for the Secretary-General United Nations - Security Council United Nations (UN) United Nations Assistance Mission in Somalia (UNSOM) United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA) United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) United Nations Information Center in Nairobi United Nations Information Centre (UNIC) in Lagos United Nations Information Service Vienna (UNIS) United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali (MINUSMA) United Nations Office at Geneva (UNOG) United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNISDR) United Nations Office for West Africa and the Sahel (UNOWAS) United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime United Nations Office on Sport for Development and Peace (UNOSDP) United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) United Nations Regional Information Centre for Western Europe UNRIC United Nations Resident Coordinator’s Office in Tanzania United States Diplomatic Mission to Nigeria United States Embassy in Angola United States Embassy in Senegal United States Mission to Somalia United States Navy Université Internationale de Casablanca Vallourec Vantage Capital Group Vatican information Service (VIS) Verde Hotels Viber Viettel ViiV Healthcare Visa Inc. Vox Africa Webfluential West African International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference (WAIPEC) West African Property Summit (WAPI) Western Union Holdings, Inc. WorkinAfrica.com World Council of Churches (WCC) World Food Programme (WFP) World Future Council World Health Organization (WHO) World Health Organization (WHO) - Ethiopia World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) World Panel Inc. World Telecom Labs (WTL) World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) World Trade Organization (WTO) World Wildlife Fund (WWF) WorldRemit Wound Care Africa WrB Africa Zambia High Commission in the United Kingdom ZamReal ZCCM Investments Holdings Plc Press release Multimedia content Submit Filter by: All Video Images Documents The contents of this website are copyright-free and can be republished freely without authorisation. Sign up for free to manage your favourite content on your own user page. Announcements Video News Release: Al Sumait Awards Ceremony in Malabo Equatorial Guinea (November 23)  - Source: Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences (KFAS) New Online Ecosystem “Afrinection” Connects African Entrepreneurs, Job Seekers & Professionals with Employers, Investors & Partners  - Source: Afrinection GE’s Steam Power Systems Wins Global IPMA Project Excellence Gold Award for work done on Medupi  - Source: GE African Travel Spend expected to rise 24 Percent with Introduction of African Union Passport Introduction in 2018  - Source: Sabre GE Launches ‘Garages’ Advanced Manufacturing Program in Lagos, Nigeria  - Source: GE Go Back Multimedia content Videos (3) Merck More Than A Mother - The Story of Empowering Grace Kambini Merck More Than A Mother - The Story of Empowering Noonkipa Mpalush Merck More Than a Mother with Berna Amullen, Uganda Images (4) Jackline tells her sad story Merck more than a Moher supports Jackline Mwende the rest of her life Jackline Mwende Jackline with her parents Links (1) Merck All (8) Source: Kariuki Communication | Aug 08, 2016 “Merck More than a Mother” supports Jackline Mwende - a Victim of Infertility Stigma in Kenya Through “Empowering Berna” Project, Merck aims to empower infertile women economically and socially across Africa Print Share Favourite Copy text Get source logo VIDEO Merck More Than A Mother - The Story of Empowering Grace Kambini Share Copy Embed <iframe width="560" height="315" src="http://www.africa-newsroom.com/press/embed_video/2824/e" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen ></iframe> VIDEO Merck More Than A Mother - The Story of Empowering Noonkipa Mpalush Share Copy Embed <iframe width="560" height="315" src="http://www.africa-newsroom.com/press/embed_video/2825/e" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen ></iframe> VIDEO Merck More Than a Mother with Berna Amullen, Uganda Share Copy Embed <iframe width="560" height="315" src="http://www.africa-newsroom.com/press/embed_video/2826/e" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen ></iframe> Society, government and all stakeholders need to continue to join hands with Merck in their campaign to encourage the acceptance people live with infertility NAIROBI, Kenya, August 15, 2016/APO/ -- “Merck More than a Mother” (www.MerckGroup.com) initiative will support Jackline Mwende, the recent victim of infertility stigma, throughout the rest of her life after having her hands chopped off by her husband for failing to bear children. Merck aims to empower infertile women across the continent through access to information, health and change of mind-set through their initiative that been launched in June 2015 “More than a Mother” “JackelineMwende, a young woman of 27 years from Machakos County in Kenya whose both hands were chopped off - not by thieves but by her own husband for failing to bear children. It is so shocking that someone would go to such an extent to batter his own wife and leave her nearly dead. Infertility should never be a reason to separate, hurt or kill your partner. There are so many options out there available to manage infertility” said Hon. Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament and the Ambassador for ‘Merck More than a Mother’ in Kenya. “Through -Empowering Berna-project, Merck will support Jackeline Mwende throughout the rest of her life to empower and enable her to become an independent productive member in society. ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative will provide Mwende with a monthly income of $250 , then will establish a business for her in which she will be able to generate a sustainable monthly income of not less than $250. At the same time Merck will provide her with prosthetic hands in addition to the needed physical and physiological rehabilitation to enable her to support herself and stand on her own two feet despite the challenge of her brutal disability that was caused by the stigma of infertility – even though her husband is the one who was found with the infertility problem, yet she is still the one who bore the devastating consequences of the public stigma associated with it." said Rasha Kalej, Chief Social Officer of Merck Healthcare. “Mwende didn't deserve what she went through and especially that her husband is the one who was found with the infertility problem and not her. Society, government and all stakeholders need to continue to join hands with Merck in their campaign to encourage the acceptance people live with infertility because the stigma associated with infertility puts pressure on them to a point where they do crazy and criminal things. We need to know that it's a shared responsibility, not just for the couple but for the society too,” Joyce Lay added.  "Jackline Mwende's story is the reason all people should appreciate ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative. No sane person should torture a woman for failing to produce children. Men should not think that their failure to be a biological father is due to women's infertility. Why torture a fellow human being and inflict such permanent bodily harm for a fault that could be yours?. No amount of justice in the courts of law will bring back Mwende’s arms. Justice will only prevail if Mwende’s case marks a turning point in society that appreciates one fact- "that women are women irrespective of their ability to bear children. They need to be respected," emphasized Hon. Sarah Opendi, Uganda Minister of State of Health and Uganda ambassador of Merck more than a Mother. "This terrible violence Mwende suffered ny5tghas emphasized the significance of ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative for Africa. ‘Merck More than a Mother’ will continue working closely with partners to create a culture shift and to empower infertile women economically and socially through "Empowering Berna" Project to ensure no other woman in Africa should ever go through such violence, humiliation or misery again," Rasha Kelej emphasized.  Distributed by APO on behalf of Kariuki Communication. Jackline tells her sad story Download Share Merck more than a Moher supports Jackline Mwende the rest of her life Download Share Jackline Mwende Download Share Jackline with her parents Download Share Media Contact: Lizabeth Kariuki - Editor Kariuki communication. lizbethkariuki@gmail.com About “Merck more than a Mother” initiative (www.MerckGroup.com): In many cultures, childless women still suffer discrimination, stigma and ostracism. Infertility can transform from an acute, private distress into a harsh public stigma with complex and devastating consequences. An inability to have a child or to become pregnant can result in being greatly isolated, disinherited or assaulted. This may result in divorce or physical and psychological violence. “Merck More than a Mother” initiative aims to define interventions to reduce the stigma and social suffering of infertile women, empower them and raise awareness about male infertility and the necessity for a team approach to family building among couplesacross the continent. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), lower levels of development are thought to be associated with higher levels of non-genetic and preventable causes of infertility. For instance, poor nutrition, untreated sexually transmitted infections (STIs), unsafe abortion, consequences of infections caused by the practice of female genital mutilation (FGM) or child marriage, exposure to smoking, leaded petrol and other environmental pollutants can lead to infertility. About “Empowering Berna” Project: “It is very important to empower infertile women through improving access to awareness, health and change of mindset so they can bear children as part of their human rights. In case they can no longer be treated, ‘Empowering Berna’ project will contribute towards empowering and training them to establish their own small business so that they can be independent and re-build their own lives, a woman is more than a mother, ‘Empowering Berna’ initiative will prove this every day.” Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer of Merck Healthcare. To watch the transformation of childless women after meeting “Merck more than a Mother” please watch videos below: Stories of four infertile women who have been supported through the “Empowering Berna” Project: Merck More Than A Mother - The Story of Empowering Grace Kambini - http://apo.af/KJy7Id  Merck More Than a Mother with Berna Amullen, Uganda - http://apo.af/WyqXYp Merck More Than A Mother - The Story of Empowering Noonkipa Mpalush - http://apo.af/LKUDh6 The harrowing story of Jackeline Mwende , a victim of infertility Stigma in Africa : JacklineMwendeMunywoki from Machakos, Kenya is the recent victim of the brutal physical and psychological assault that women in Africa face as a result of being infertile and are unable to bear children even when they are not the ones with the problem. She recently had her hands chopped off by her husband of five years for not conceiving and giving birth.  JacklineMwendewho says she had a stable upbringing, in a loving home where she grew up with six of her siblings narrates how she came to lose her hands because of not being able to have children in her marriage.  Her parents did their best to take her to school from kindergarten up to primary school class 8. Upon completing her studies, Mwende enrolled in a tailoring school where she learnt how to sew and make garments. It was at this school that she met and fell in love with Stephen Ngila – her husband. They got married in 2011.  “A year into the marriage and with no child, I began to notice changes in my husband. He had picked up bad habits such as drinking alcohol and started to become abusive. It was at this point that I confided in my parents, who were also wondering why I had not become pregnant yet. They advised me to leave the marriage since it was becoming abusive,” Mwende narrates. “As an avid church goer, I also sought advice from my pastor,” she adds. Even at the start of the violence in the marriage, both she and Ngila would go to seek counselling from him.The pastor advised both of them to live in harmony; however, Ngila ignored. The pastor advised her to stay with her husband, of which she tried as long as she could.  Both Mwende and Ngila went to hospital for diagnosis.  It was confirmed that Ngila- the husband- was infertile. “I constantly pleaded with Ngila to go to hospital to seek a treatment for his infertility, but he always made up excuses. He would say that he would go after work but never did,” she says sadly. Their marriage continued to get strained and the abuse increased because Mwende had not borne a child. On several occasions, the couple wound up at the police station due to their fights and arguments. The couple eventually separated and Mwende set up her own small shop from where she was getting some income to support herself and even her parents. On August 1st 2016 in the evening, Mwende was peacefully eating her dinner when she heard a knock on the door. When she went to open the door, Ngina who was drunk started to attack her with a panga machete and cut off her left hand. In shock, Mwendecollapsed on the floor while Ngina continued to hit her with the machete on her face, and cut off her other right hand.  “Today you have decided to kill me?” Mwende recalls screaming at Ngila. His intent was to kill her, but she continued screaming until her neighbours came to her rescue and Ngila escaped. She was taken to the hospital for treatment and she is currently on medication and nursing her wounds – which will always be a constant reminder that the reason she is in the state she is now is because she never bore any children. “If it is God’s will that I do not have a child, I am content with this,” Mwende bravely said. She is hopeful for her future and grateful for all the support the community has given her. She would not like any other couple to go through what she has experienced and advises couples to seek solutions together if they cannot have a child, and visit the hospital for check-up’s regularly. Africa Children Health Kenya Uganda Women “Merck More than a Mother” supports Jackline Mwende - a Victim of Infertility Stigma in Kenya Through “Empowering Berna” Project, Merck aims to empower infertile women economically and socially across Africa NAIROBI, Kenya, August 15, 2016/APO/ -- “Merck More than a Mother” (www.MerckGroup.com) initiative will support Jackline Mwende, the recent victim of infertility stigma, throughout the rest of her life after having her hands chopped off by her husband for failing to bear children. Merck aims to empower infertile women across the continent through access to information, health and change of mind-set through their initiative that been launched in June 2015 “More than a Mother” “JackelineMwende, a young woman of 27 years from Machakos County in Kenya whose both hands were chopped off - not by thieves but by her own husband for failing to bear children. It is so shocking that someone would go to such an extent to batter his own wife and leave her nearly dead. Infertility should never be a reason to separate, hurt or kill your partner. There are so many options out there available to manage infertility” said Hon. Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament and the Ambassador for ‘Merck More than a Mother’ in Kenya. “Through -Empowering Berna-project, Merck will support Jackeline Mwende throughout the rest of her life to empower and enable her to become an independent productive member in society. ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative will provide Mwende with a monthly income of $250 , then will establish a business for her in which she will be able to generate a sustainable monthly income of not less than $250. At the same time Merck will provide her with prosthetic hands in addition to the needed physical and physiological rehabilitation to enable her to support herself and stand on her own two feet despite the challenge of her brutal disability that was caused by the stigma of infertility – even though her husband is the one who was found with the infertility problem, yet she is still the one who bore the devastating consequences of the public stigma associated with it." said Rasha Kalej, Chief Social Officer of Merck Healthcare. “Mwende didn't deserve what she went through and especially that her husband is the one who was found with the infertility problem and not her. Society, government and all stakeholders need to continue to join hands with Merck in their campaign to encourage the acceptance people live with infertility because the stigma associated with infertility puts pressure on them to a point where they do crazy and criminal things. We need to know that it's a shared responsibility, not just for the couple but for the society too,” Joyce Lay added.  "Jackline Mwende's story is the reason all people should appreciate ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative. No sane person should torture a woman for failing to produce children. Men should not think that their failure to be a biological father is due to women's infertility. Why torture a fellow human being and inflict such permanent bodily harm for a fault that could be yours?. No amount of justice in the courts of law will bring back Mwende’s arms. Justice will only prevail if Mwende’s case marks a turning point in society that appreciates one fact- "that women are women irrespective of their ability to bear children. They need to be respected," emphasized Hon. Sarah Opendi, Uganda Minister of State of Health and Uganda ambassador of Merck more than a Mother. "This terrible violence Mwende suffered ny5tghas emphasized the significance of ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative for Africa. ‘Merck More than a Mother’ will continue working closely with partners to create a culture shift and to empower infertile women economically and socially through "Empowering Berna" Project to ensure no other woman in Africa should ever go through such violence, humiliation or misery again," Rasha Kelej emphasized.  Distributed by APO on behalf of Kariuki Communication. Media Contact: Lizabeth Kariuki - Editor Kariuki communication. lizbethkariuki@gmail.com About “Merck more than a Mother” initiative (www.MerckGroup.com): In many cultures, childless women still suffer discrimination, stigma and ostracism. Infertility can transform from an acute, private distress into a harsh public stigma with complex and devastating consequences. An inability to have a child or to become pregnant can result in being greatly isolated, disinherited or assaulted. This may result in divorce or physical and psychological violence. “Merck More than a Mother” initiative aims to define interventions to reduce the stigma and social suffering of infertile women, empower them and raise awareness about male infertility and the necessity for a team approach to family building among couplesacross the continent. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), lower levels of development are thought to be associated with higher levels of non-genetic and preventable causes of infertility. For instance, poor nutrition, untreated sexually transmitted infections (STIs), unsafe abortion, consequences of infections caused by the practice of female genital mutilation (FGM) or child marriage, exposure to smoking, leaded petrol and other environmental pollutants can lead to infertility. About “Empowering Berna” Project: “It is very important to empower infertile women through improving access to awareness, health and change of mindset so they can bear children as part of their human rights. In case they can no longer be treated, ‘Empowering Berna’ project will contribute towards empowering and training them to establish their own small business so that they can be independent and re-build their own lives, a woman is more than a mother, ‘Empowering Berna’ initiative will prove this every day.” Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer of Merck Healthcare. To watch the transformation of childless women after meeting “Merck more than a Mother” please watch videos below: Stories of four infertile women who have been supported through the “Empowering Berna” Project: Merck More Than A Mother - The Story of Empowering Grace Kambini - http://apo.af/KJy7Id  Merck More Than a Mother with Berna Amullen, Uganda - http://apo.af/WyqXYp Merck More Than A Mother - The Story of Empowering Noonkipa Mpalush - http://apo.af/LKUDh6 The harrowing story of Jackeline Mwende , a victim of infertility Stigma in Africa : JacklineMwendeMunywoki from Machakos, Kenya is the recent victim of the brutal physical and psychological assault that women in Africa face as a result of being infertile and are unable to bear children even when they are not the ones with the problem. She recently had her hands chopped off by her husband of five years for not conceiving and giving birth.  JacklineMwendewho says she had a stable upbringing, in a loving home where she grew up with six of her siblings narrates how she came to lose her hands because of not being able to have children in her marriage.  Her parents did their best to take her to school from kindergarten up to primary school class 8. Upon completing her studies, Mwende enrolled in a tailoring school where she learnt how to sew and make garments. It was at this school that she met and fell in love with Stephen Ngila – her husband. They got married in 2011.  “A year into the marriage and with no child, I began to notice changes in my husband. He had picked up bad habits such as drinking alcohol and started to become abusive. It was at this point that I confided in my parents, who were also wondering why I had not become pregnant yet. They advised me to leave the marriage since it was becoming abusive,” Mwende narrates. “As an avid church goer, I also sought advice from my pastor,” she adds. Even at the start of the violence in the marriage, both she and Ngila would go to seek counselling from him.The pastor advised both of them to live in harmony; however, Ngila ignored. The pastor advised her to stay with her husband, of which she tried as long as she could.  Both Mwende and Ngila went to hospital for diagnosis.  It was confirmed that Ngila- the husband- was infertile. “I constantly pleaded with Ngila to go to hospital to seek a treatment for his infertility, but he always made up excuses. He would say that he would go after work but never did,” she says sadly. Their marriage continued to get strained and the abuse increased because Mwende had not borne a child. On several occasions, the couple wound up at the police station due to their fights and arguments. The couple eventually separated and Mwende set up her own small shop from where she was getting some income to support herself and even her parents. On August 1st 2016 in the evening, Mwende was peacefully eating her dinner when she heard a knock on the door. When she went to open the door, Ngina who was drunk started to attack her with a panga machete and cut off her left hand. In shock, Mwendecollapsed on the floor while Ngina continued to hit her with the machete on her face, and cut off her other right hand.  “Today you have decided to kill me?” Mwende recalls screaming at Ngila. His intent was to kill her, but she continued screaming until her neighbours came to her rescue and Ngila escaped. She was taken to the hospital for treatment and she is currently on medication and nursing her wounds – which will always be a constant reminder that the reason she is in the state she is now is because she never bore any children. “If it is God’s will that I do not have a child, I am content with this,” Mwende bravely said. She is hopeful for her future and grateful for all the support the community has given her. She would not like any other couple to go through what she has experienced and advises couples to seek solutions together if they cannot have a child, and visit the hospital for check-up’s regularly. Text copied to clipboard. ×Close Get freeAfrica-related contentOn your website, on your mobile, to your e-mail inbox... Twitter APO English Follow APO French Follow APO Arabic Follow APO Portuguese Follow RSS feeds Click to subscribe Recommended Source: GE | Nov 23, 2016 GE’s Steam Power Systems Wins Global IPMA Project Excellence Gold Award for work done on Medupi Once completed in 2020, Medupi Power Plant will generate enough power to the grid to meet the electricity needs of 3.5 million households in South Africa Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Sabre | Nov 23, 2016 African Travel Spend expected to rise 24 Percent with Introduction of African Union Passport Introduction in 2018 Sabre's traveller survey reveals significant growth opportunity for African airlines willing to address travellers’ current pain points Read more Share Favourite Print Source: GE | Nov 23, 2016 GE Launches ‘Garages’ Advanced Manufacturing Program in Lagos, Nigeria Co-located with the GE Lagos offices in Victoria Island, the Lagos Garage will offer a year-round series of skills training programs focused on building the next generation of Nigerian entrepreneurs Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Ken Research | Nov 23, 2016 Yoghurt is Estimated as the Most Emerging Product in the Kenya Dairy Product Industry: Ken Research Kenya is largely dependent on agriculture for its GDP, has a well established dairy sector in the nation but being the eighth largest populated country in Africa, the demand for dairy products is also very high Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Afrinection | Nov 23, 2016 New Online Ecosystem “Afrinection” Connects African Entrepreneurs, Job Seekers & Professionals with Employers, Investors & Partners Afrinection is the go-to resource for African entrepreneurs, job seekers, and professionals to connect with prospective investors, employers, and other African professionals across the globe. The new online ecosystem also provides visibility for African-owned businesses to reach a global consumer base Read more Share Favourite Print Subscribe to newsfeed Recommended categories Africa Foreign Policy African Development Business Events/Media Advisory Economy Banking/Finance Ethiopia South Africa Environment Most viewed Source: Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) | Nov 23, 2016 Egypt NGO bill threatens to “devastate” civil society, UN expert warns The bill would introduce a wide range of restrictions on activities, obliging associations to “achieve social development goals within the scope of state plans and development needs and priorities” Read more Share Favourite Print Source: The Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Windhoek | Nov 23, 2016 Young Namibian “Ambassadors” off to Germany: 19 Namibian German Language Learners on AGDS Student Exchange to Germany In return, the guest children from Germany will spend 6 to 8 weeks in Namibia during their summer holidays to also get to know the people and the country Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Department of Foreign Affairs Canada | Nov 23, 2016 Government of Canada provides funding for education, humanitarian assistance and entrepreneurship projects in Madagascar Canada is announcing the approval of a $6.2-million project aimed at enhancing education and training for youth in Madagascar Read more Share Favourite Print Source: British Embassy Cairo | Nov 23, 2016 Three New Investments Strengthen UK Support to Egypt Three New Investments Strengthen UK Support to Egypt as Number 1 Investor Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Seychelles | Nov 23, 2016 Seychelles a voice for oceans and youth at climate conference There is a growing global push, especially by large ocean states like Seychelles, to include oceans, seas and coastal marine ecosystems in NDCs as a means to tackle, and especially adapt to, climate change Read more Share Favourite Print Most shared Source: United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) | Nov 23, 2016 Experts review World Summit on Information Society achievements and emerging ICT issues Organized by the Economic Commission for Africa (ECA), the meeting brings together African policy makers, ICT experts, and representatives of regional and international organizations, telecommunications operators, private sector, civil society, academic and research institutions Read more Share Favourite Print Source: GE | Nov 23, 2016 GE’s Steam Power Systems Wins Global IPMA Project Excellence Gold Award for work done on Medupi Once completed in 2020, Medupi Power Plant will generate enough power to the grid to meet the electricity needs of 3.5 million households in South Africa Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Sabre | Nov 23, 2016 African Travel Spend expected to rise 24 Percent with Introduction of African Union Passport Introduction in 2018 Sabre's traveller survey reveals significant growth opportunity for African airlines willing to address travellers’ current pain points Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Afrinection | Nov 23, 2016 New Online Ecosystem “Afrinection” Connects African Entrepreneurs, Job Seekers & Professionals with Employers, Investors & Partners Afrinection is the go-to resource for African entrepreneurs, job seekers, and professionals to connect with prospective investors, employers, and other African professionals across the globe. The new online ecosystem also provides visibility for African-owned businesses to reach a global consumer base Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences (KFAS) | Nov 23, 2016 Video News Release: Al Sumait Awards Ceremony in Malabo Equatorial Guinea (November 23) A one million dollar prize for pioneers in research and grass root initiatives to effect positive change for African Development Read more Share Favourite Print Privacy Policy Terms of service Sitemap Linkedin Facebook Google + It Pinterest Sync Video × Login OR Forgot your password?Don’t have an account? Sign up here Login

Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article 3 Stocks Billionaires Are Buying A closer look at what the richest are investing in Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 30 Sneaky Expenses You Forgot About This Holiday Season Don't get taken by surprise My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Stock Market News for August 08, 2016 August 08, 2016, 10:10:00 AM EDT By Zacks Equity Research, Zacks.com Shutterstock photo Benchmarks finished in the green on Friday following an encouraging jobs report for July. Better than expected number of jobs raised rate hike prospects, which pushed financial stocks upward. Technology stocks also gained on the back of Motorola's better-than-expected earnings reports. Both the S&P 500 and Nasdaq reached their highest level ever. Also, gains in Merck boosted the Dow. Moreover, benchmarks registered weekly gains following strong jobs data and positive quarterly results from tech-giants. For a look at the issues currently facing the markets, make sure to read today's  Ahead of Wall Street  article. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJI) increased 1%, or 191.48 points to close at 18,543.53. The S&P 500 rose 0.9% to close at 2,182.87. The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index closed at 5,221.12, gaining 1.1%. The fear-gauge CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) decreased 8.3% to settle at 11.39. A total of around 6.77 billion shares were traded on Friday, higher than the last 20-session average of 6.58 billion shares. Advancers significantly outpaced declining stocks on the NYSE. For 70% stocks that advanced, 27% declined. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), the U.S. economy created a total of 255,000 jobs in July, considerably higher than the consensus estimate of 180,000. The economy added higher-than-expected new jobs for the second straight month. Meanwhile, job number in June was revised upward to 292,000. Although, the unemployment rate in July of 4.9% was higher than the consensus estimate of 4.8%, it was in line with June's rate. This was mainly because Americans not counted in the workforce fell by 184,000 to 94.3 million which led the labor force participation rate to increase to 62.8%. Further, the average hourly earnings gained 0.3% or 8 cents in July from June to $25.69 per hour. It was also higher than the consensus estimate of 0.2% and June's 0.1% increase while year-ago gains advanced by 2.6%. Encouraging job reports in July increased Fed rate hike chances in September, which in turn boosted financial stocks. The Financial Services Select Sector SPDR (XLFS) went up 2.4% and was the biggest gainer among the S&P 500 sectors. Dow components JPMorgan Chase & Co ( JPM ) and Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ( GS ) increased 2.7% and 2.6%, respectively. Other key stocks including Citigroup Inc ( C ), Bank of America Corporation ( BAC ) and Wells Fargo & Company ( WFC ) rose 4.3%, 3.9% and 1.8%, respectively. Further, Motorola Solutions, Inc's ( MSI ) advanced more than 4.6% after reporting second quarter earnings per share and revenues of $1.03 and $1,430 million beating the Zacks Consensus Estimates of 90 cents and $1,395 million, respectively. Motorola was the best performer among the technology sector which led the Technology Select Sector SPDR (XLK) to rise 1% and become one of the biggest advancer among the S&P 500. Key stocks from the sector including Apple Inc. ( AAPL ), Microsoft Corporation ( MSFT ) and Facebook, Inc. ( FB ) increased 1.5%, 1% and 0.6%, respectively. Moreover, Merck & Co., Inc's ( MRK ) shares surged 10.4% after its rival company Bristol-Myers Squibb Company's ( BMY ) cancer drug Opdivo failed to meet targets in a late-stage study. Merck was the biggest gainer among the S&P 500, while Bristol-Myers Squibb, which slumped 16%, was the worst performer among the same. Gains in Merck boosted the Dow to end in the green. In other economic news, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System reported that consumer credit increased by $12.3 billion in July, following June's $18 billion increase. Consumer credit reported 4.1% rise in June, its slowest pace of increase since July 2012. For the week, the S&P 500, Nasdaq and Dow increased 0.4%, 1.1% and 0.6%, respectively. Better-than-expected U.S. private sector job data had a positive impact on financial sector. Also, upbeat quarterly results from tech-behemoths like Apple and Alphabet Inc. ( GOOGL ) boosted tech sector. Both XLFS and XLK rose 2.2% and 1.3%, respectively becoming top performers among the S&P 500 last week. Additionally, oil prices gained for the week following a surprisingly large draw on gasoline stockpiles. However, some of its gains were curtailed on oversupply concerns, subdued demand and increased crude inventories. Both WTI and Brent crude rose 4.3% and 5.1%, respectively. Also, Bank of England (BOE) came up with a big stimulus package, but its effect on U.S. stocks remained more or less muted. In earnings news, Viacom, Inc. ( VIAB ), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd ( TEVA ) and Kellogg Company ( K ) posted favorable quarterly earnings results. Economic data was mixed last week. The personal consumption expenditure, core personal consumption expenditure, consumer spending and disposable personal income increased in June. While, ISM Manufacturing and Services Index declined in July and factory orders declined for the second straight month in June. Also, construction spending was down for third consecutive month and initial claims increased to its highest level since end-June. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report JPMORGAN CHASE (JPM): Free Stock Analysis Report GOLDMAN SACHS (GS): Free Stock Analysis Report CITIGROUP INC (C): Free Stock Analysis Report BANK OF AMER CP (BAC): Free Stock Analysis Report WELLS FARGO-NEW (WFC): Free Stock Analysis Report APPLE INC (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report MICROSOFT CORP (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis Report FACEBOOK INC-A (FB): Free Stock Analysis Report MERCK & CO INC (MRK): Free Stock Analysis Report BRISTOL-MYERS (BMY): Free Stock Analysis Report BAKER-HUGHES (BHI): Free Stock Analysis Report MOTOROLA SOLUTN (MSI): Free Stock Analysis Report ALPHABET INC-A (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis Report VIACOM INC-B (VIAB): Free Stock Analysis Report TEVA PHARM ADR (TEVA): Free Stock Analysis Report KELLOGG CO (K): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , US Markets Referenced Symbols: JPM , GS , C , BAC , WFC More from Zacks.com Subscribe FSB Revises Big Banks' Capital Surcharge Categories Ally Financial Resolves Legacy Mortgage Claims with DOJ Bank Stock Roundup: Trump Effect Makes Headlines, Citigroup in Focus Related US Markets Articles Subscribe Are The Markets Open The Day After Thanksgiving? 11/23/2016 11:09 AM Three Things to Give Thanks For: The Market Version 11/23/2016 10:49 AM Durable Goods Rise, Thanksgiving Costs Fall 11/23/2016 10:14 AM Contributor: Zacks.com Equity Research Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated VW to Take Ax To German Jobs -- WSJ Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Q3 Profit Falls 96% Qualcomm Commences Tender Offer For NXP Semiconductors Former Executives Accused In Fraud Against Valeant -- WSJ Russia Blocks LinkedIn -- WSJ 10 Investing Rules You Should Know by Heart Anavex Life Sciences Announces Data on 41-Week Treatment of ANAVEX... How Blockchain Can Help Reduce Money Laundering EXL Appoints Suren Kumar as Global Head of EXL Consulting A Closer Look At Top Interest Rate Hedged ETFs View All Highest Rated Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Charge Cards Charge Cards for Business EMV Smart Chips Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Home Improvement Rewards Credit Cards Instant Approval Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Cards Points Rewards Credit Cards Prepaid & Debit Cards Reward Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Top 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Cards for Bad Credit Credit Quality Average Credit Quality Excellent Credit Quality Fair Credit Quality Good Limited or No Credit History Personal Loans Barclaycard Capital One Capital One Cash Back Capital One Fair Credit Capital One Miles Capital One Points Capital One Prepaid Credit Cards Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover Discover Cashback Discover Miles Discover Student Credit Cards MasterCard Credit Cards U.S. Bank USAA USAA Savings Visa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced JPM 73% Rate It GS 61% Rate It C 74% Rate It BAC 74% Rate It WFC 84% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Community Bloggers Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Football Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Community Videos Submit Your Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Cost of HIV-preventing drugs still a worry for some sexual assault victims despite law passed two years ago Print Email Rachel Dissell, The Plain Dealer By Rachel Dissell, The Plain Dealer The Plain Dealer Email the author | Follow on Twitter on August 08, 2016 at 12:01 PM, updated August 09, 2016 at 12:48 PM comments CLEVELAND, Ohio – Nurses and doctors lobbied the state to help cover the cost of a cocktail of drugs that can protect sexual assault victims from contracting HIV. In 2014, they succeeded when a state law was changed to reimburse hospitals, at least in part, when they provided the medication to victims who sought treatment and had a rape kit collected. Now, more than two years later, the law still isn't being followed; the state isn't covering any medication costs. That has kept hospitals and sexual assault nurses scrambling in some cases to get the expensive and time sensitive drug regimen to patients who often are reeling from the trauma of an attack. Nurse practitioner Janet Briggs is among those who "pushed and pushed and pushed and made pests of ourselves" to make it a priority for rape victims to get the drugs which can prevent the immune-system attacking virus from taking hold. "The reality is that despite the fear of potential infection, few if any, victims of sexual assault will have the physical, emotional, or financial means to search for antiretroviral drugs on their own following their assault," Briggs, who works at the Louis Stokes Veterans Administration Medical Center, wrote in a letter to a committee that reviews rules for state agencies. "In light of current knowledge about HIV transmission and our ability to mitigate that risk, to offer no or incomplete prophylaxis is to do harm and deliberately breaches the State's duty to care." Screening, medication needed quickly The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends protecting sexual assault victims from HIV with a 28-day course of medications proven to reduce the likelihood they'll get the infection. The guidelines include three drugs made by two pharmaceutical companies: Truvada, made by Gilead, which combines two medicines in one pill. Merck & Co makes Raltegravir, the other medication. But there is more to protecting a sexual assault victim from contracting HIV than handing them vials of pills, doctors said. The process involves screening to make sure the medications are safe and appropriate for the victim and won't harm their liver. Blood work is also needed for comparison when the victim returns to be tested for HIV antibodies. All that has to be done quickly. The drugs need to be started as soon as possible, within 72 hours of a potential exposure to the virus, to be effective. It's a lot of handle for a person who has just been through a traumatic event, said Dr. Kristin Englund, who specializes in infectious disease at the Cleveland Clinic. Having to worry about the financial and medical implications of not getting the drugs can add to a victim's trauma, she said. Even victims with insurance often have high co-pays or experience delays with getting the prescription approved. For those not covered, one of the pills can be obtained from the pharmaceutical company Gilead at no cost through a program for victims. Merck & Co., which makes the second drug doesn't offer the same service to victims. After meetings with medical professionals and victim advocates, the Ohio Attorney General's office agreed earlier this year to raise the overall compensation a hospital gets for sexual assault examinations from $500 to $632 dollars. Hospitals say that in no way covers the cost of evidence collection, medical tests and antibiotics to prevent venereal diseases like gonorrhea and chlamydia. Those infections are more common but also easily treatable. Contracting HIV is rare but has lifelong health consequences. It attacks important immune system cells that help the body fight fight infection. HIV prophylactics, which are expensive, are supposed to be covered by a separate reimbursement. Each of the medications is roughly $1,500 for 28-day regimen. The cost of treating HIV, which cannot yet be cured, is about $23,000 a year or more than $400,000 during and infected person's lifetime. Providers paid only if evidence collected Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine's office is responsible for the state funds that pay hospitals for sexual assault examinations. It also determines how much to  pay for HIV medication, which is only covered when evidence is also collected to help a potential investigation or prosecution. Otherwise a victim must pay for the medications through insurance or out of pocket. Offer to pay in part DeWine's office earlier this year proposed that five days of the HIV prevention medication be paid for. Though not optimal, it was more than what was previously covered, a spokesman said. Leaders at Equitas Health (formerly the AIDS Resource Center) and Ohio Alliance to End Sexual Violence (OAESV) said the compromise was acceptable in the short term as the state worked to figure out how many victims would likely need the medications and what the cost would be. About 1,000 new cases of HIV are diagnosed each year in Ohio; it's not known how many of those cases involve rape victims. OAESV Director Katie Hanna said the state was worried that if the entire 28-day regimen was covered it could deplete the fund. Hanna said she was glad the agreement to invest in five days of treatment was made because in many states there's no hospital reimbursement for the medicines. Some victims can file a claim with a victim compensation fund to get the costs covered after the fact, she said. HIV protection is just one of one of many obstacles victims face in Ohio when they seek care following a sexual assault, she said. In some areas of the state, victims are turned away when they seek exams to collect and preserve evidence. Or they are improperly billed for costs associated with the exams and then have trouble seeking reimbursement that is allowed the state's Crime Victim Compensation Fund. That fund, also, can only be accessed victim hasn't been convicted of a felony-level crime in the decade before their assault. More harm than good Nurses and doctor versed in HIV prevention and treatment, though, were alarmed at the proposal. "Biology doesn't compromise. It isn't negotiable," Briggs said. "It could be doing harm." Taking only a few days of the antiretroviral medications and then stopping could increase cause more harm, increasing the chance that a person would get a treatment-resistant strain of the virus, studies indicate. Offering victims five days of medication is "unacceptable and based on no medical evidence," Englund said. Englund said she had hoped the Attorney General's office might use its influence to get Merck & Co. to provide their pill for free to victims. Considering a new plan The Attorney General's office recently suspended the process to put rules in place so it could consider different ways to allow more reimbursement, said Jill Del Greco, a spokeswoman. The office's goal is for the full 28 days to be covered, a spokesman said, and other alternatives are being researched that would allow for the full amount to be paid, including grant programs to local rape crisis centers who could cover the cost of the remaining 23 days of medication. Since there is no rule in place, hospitals currently must bear the cost of the medication or give patients the prescription knowing they might not be able to fill it. "That's why this hasn't worked because people haven't wanted to tackle it," Briggs said. "This is some nitty gritty stuff." Despite the delays, nurses specially trained to work with sexual assault victims in Northeast Ohio have worked to find ways to get the drugs to patients; helping to overcome hurdles with insurance and pharmacies, which sometimes don't stock the medications or are hesitant to sell the pills in smaller increments. Some even whispered of stashes of unused pills for dire situations. Obtaining the medications in more rural areas could be more difficult. What's being done to make sure victims get the proper treatment is inadequate, said Dr. Jennifer Savitski, medical director of Cleveland Clinic Akron General's Sexual Assault Nurse Examiner's program.  "The bottom line is the victims deserve access to these medications and to these treatments," she said.         Metro Columnists Michael McIntyre's Tipoff Mark Naymik Phillip Morris The Weekday Front Page The Plain Dealer's front page for November 23, 2016 Updates posted Monday - Friday Eat, Drink & Play in the CLE What are the best restaurants, bars & things to do in NE Ohio? Check out our new "Essential CLE" visitors guide for the answers. EXPLORE Essential CLE: The Visitors Guide 10 best restaurants 10 best bars Top 10 things to do Authentic Cleveland A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants • More dining guides & reviews » Most Read Active Discussions News updates in your inbox Get the latest news delivered to your inbox plus breaking news when it happens Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to Content Search: All AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products Browse all medications: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Advanced Search Topics & Tools Facebook Twitter Google Plus Sign In Sign In Register Menu Close Account Sign In Register Now Drugs A-Z A-Z Drug Index Drugs by Condition Drugs by Class Generic Drugs OTC Drugs International Drugs Natural Products Veterinary Products Info en Español Drug Side Effects Dosage Guides Pregnancy Warnings Breastfeeding Warnings Pricing & Coupons Inactive Ingredients Advanced Search Phonetic Search Pill Identifier Interactions Checker News Q & A Pro Edition Apps More Videos Slideshows Mobile Apps Pricing & Coupon Guide Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Home › News › New Drug Applications › Merck... Print Share All News Consumer Pharma New Drugs Pipeline Clinical Trials FDA Alerts MK-1293Treatment for Diabetes Type 1, Diabetes Type 2 Merck Announces U.S. FDA Filing Acceptance of New Drug Application (NDA) for MK-1293, an Investigational Follow-On Biologic Insulin Glargine Tweet KENILWORTH, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE), August 5, 2016 --Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for review the New Drug Application (NDA) for MK-1293, an investigational follow-on biologic1 insulin glargine candidate for the treatment of people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, which is being developed by Merck with partial funding from Samsung Bioepis. “The FDA acceptance of our follow-on biologic application is an important milestone, and brings us closer to offering another treatment option for people in the U.S. with diabetes,” said Peter Stein, M.D., vice president, late stage development, diabetes and endocrinology, Merck. “We are proud of the significant contributions we have already made to helping people with type 2 diabetes, and with investigational MK-1293, we hope to expand our portfolio into insulin therapeutics and treatments for people with type 1 diabetes.” The development program for MK-1293 was designed to meet rigorous regulatory standards for follow-on biologics of clinical and nonclinical safety, efficacy and quality. In addition to Phase 1 studies assessing its pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties, the NDA submission for MK-1293 includes results of two Phase 3 studies , one conducted in people with type 1 diabetes, and one in people with type 2 diabetes; Lantus® (insulin glargine)2, the originator insulin glargine, was the active comparator in both studies. The NDA was filed through the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway3, which allows the FDA to reference previous findings of safety and efficacy for an already-approved product (Lantus), in addition to reviewing findings from studies of MK-1293. Separately, the Marketing Authorization Application for MK-1293, which Merck submitted to the European Medicines Agency in December 2015, is currently under review. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). 1 A follow-on biologic is a similar, but not identical, version of an approved reference product. In the U.S., MK-1293 is referred to as a follow-on biologic because of its regulatory pathway. In other countries, MK-1293 is considered to be a biosimilar. 2 LANTUS is a registered trademark of Sanofi-Aventis, which is not affiliated with the maker of MK-1293 and does not endorse MK-1293. 3 In the U.S., follow-on insulins, such as MK-1293, are reviewed under a different regulatory pathway than biosimilars, which follow the 351(k) regulatory pathway. Source: Merck Posted: August 2016 MK-1293 FDA Approval History View comments More News Resources FDA Medwatch Drug Alerts FDA Drug Safety Labeling Changes Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Drug Shortages Clinical Trial Results Generic Drug Approvals Monthly Update Archive Recently Approved Soliqua Soliqua (insulin glargine and lixisenatide) is fixed-ratio combination of the long-acting human... Xultophy Xultophy 100 / 3.6 (insulin degludec and liraglutide) is a once-daily, single injection fixed... Intrarosa Intrarosa (prasterone) is an intravaginal dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) insert indicated to treat... Vemlidy Vemlidy (tenofovir alafenamide) is a hepatitis B virus (HBV) nucleoside analog reverse... More... Was this page helpful? Yes No Drugs.com Mobile Apps The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices. Explore Apps Support Help Center Frequent Questions Sitemap Contact Us About About Drugs.com Advertising Policy Content Submissions Drugs.com Blog Terms & Privacy Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Attribution & Citations Connect Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Feed Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published. Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated Nov 1st, 2016), Cerner Multum™ (updated Nov 3rd, 2016), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated Nov 3rd, 2016) and others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy. Third Party Advertising We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here Copyright © 2000-2016 Drugs.com. All rights reserved. Like Tweet +1 Email Hide

null
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RelianceJio News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Opinion » Breakingviews Hubris therapy Bristol-Myers suffers $21 bn self-inflicted wound Bristol-Myers Squibb has suffered a $21 billion self-inflicted wound. That's how much value investors wiped off the pharma firm on Friday morning after its trial to greatly broaden the use of one of its most promising cancer drugs failed. It was an unnecessarily risky move for Bristol, whose immunotherapy has been outselling Merck's. The stumble will allow its more cautious rival to clean up. Bristol's Opdivo and Merck's Keytruda are shaping up to be the biggest blockbusters ever for the pharma industry. The drugs have proven to be effective against forms of lung, skin, kidney and other cancers by cutting the brakes on the immune system's response. In the second quarter, Bristol sold $840 million of Opdivo - almost seven times as much as the same period last year. Taking on tobacco has provided the most glittering prize. Sales of Opdivo, Keytruda and related drugs for lung cancer will exceed $20 billion in 2022 according to Cowen. The biggest chunk of this will come from previously untreated patients. The key to bringing in even more revenue stems from showing such drugs work on more forms of cancer and using these treatments earlier. Merck took a relatively safe path. It proved in June that Keytruda worked in untreated non-small cell lung cancer patients whose tumours had at least 50 per cent of cells producing a protein called PD-L1. Various trials have shown that the success of Keytruda and Opdivo is highly linked, but not entirely, to having cells that produce this protein. There aren't, though, too many patients with such a high amount of PD-L1. Bristol went for the kill. Its drug already sells over two times as much as Merck's, and it designed a trial to widen this lead, targeting patients with tumours with just 5 per cent or more of cells producing PD-L1. That's a far harder target to hit, but would also have opened up a lot more patients to treatment. Bristol will now probably have to wait until 2018 to hit back at its rival. That's when a trial of Opdivo in combination with another drug for treating lung cancer should report. Earlier trials suggest this is a remarkably effective way to treat the disease. Until then, Merck has a clear path to gain market share - and the $11 billion added to its market value Friday morning implies shareholders agree. It's a pricey therapy for Bristol's hubris. Robert Cyran Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Free for all Business Standard Hubris therapy Bristol-Myers suffers $21 bn self-inflicted wound Robert Cyran  August 7, 2016 Last Updated at 21:21 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TGod65 Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Sun Pharma Q3 profit beats Street, to wind down JV with Merck Merck to invest $ 115 mn for expansion of life science campus in Massachusetts Sun Pharma winds down JV with MSD Sun Pharma signs licensing pact with Spain's Almirall for tildrakizumab in Europe Aurobindo receives approval for pain relief drug Bristol-Myers Squibb has suffered a $21 billion self-inflicted wound. That's how much value investors wiped off the pharma firm on Friday morning after its trial to greatly broaden the use of one of its most promising cancer drugs failed. It was an unnecessarily risky move for Bristol, whose immunotherapy has been outselling Merck's. The stumble will allow its more cautious rival to clean up. Bristol's Opdivo and Merck's Keytruda are shaping up to be the biggest blockbusters ever for the pharma industry. The drugs have proven to be effective against forms of lung, skin, kidney and other cancers by cutting the brakes on the immune system's response. In the second quarter, Bristol sold $840 million of Opdivo - almost seven times as much as the same period last year. Taking on tobacco has provided the most glittering prize. Sales of Opdivo, Keytruda and related drugs for lung cancer will exceed $20 billion in 2022 according to Cowen. The biggest chunk of this will come from previously untreated patients. The key to bringing in even more revenue stems from showing such drugs work on more forms of cancer and using these treatments earlier. Merck took a relatively safe path. It proved in June that Keytruda worked in untreated non-small cell lung cancer patients whose tumours had at least 50 per cent of cells producing a protein called PD-L1. Various trials have shown that the success of Keytruda and Opdivo is highly linked, but not entirely, to having cells that produce this protein. There aren't, though, too many patients with such a high amount of PD-L1. Bristol went for the kill. Its drug already sells over two times as much as Merck's, and it designed a trial to widen this lead, targeting patients with tumours with just 5 per cent or more of cells producing PD-L1. That's a far harder target to hit, but would also have opened up a lot more patients to treatment. Bristol will now probably have to wait until 2018 to hit back at its rival. That's when a trial of Opdivo in combination with another drug for treating lung cancer should report. Earlier trials suggest this is a remarkably effective way to treat the disease. Until then, Merck has a clear path to gain market share - and the $11 billion added to its market value Friday morning implies shareholders agree. It's a pricey therapy for Bristol's hubris. Read More On Bristol-myers Squibb | Merck.keytruda | Pharma Industry | Opdivo | Opinion | Breakingviews PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Hubris therapy Bristol-Myers suffers $21 bn self-inflicted wound Bristol-Myers suffers $21 bn self-inflicted wound Bristol-Myers Squibb has suffered a $21 billion self-inflicted wound. That's how much value investors wiped off the pharma firm on Friday morning after its trial to greatly broaden the use of one of its most promising cancer drugs failed. It was an unnecessarily risky move for Bristol, whose immunotherapy has been outselling Merck's. The stumble will allow its more cautious rival to clean up. Bristol's Opdivo and Merck's Keytruda are shaping up to be the biggest blockbusters ever for the pharma industry. The drugs have proven to be effective against forms of lung, skin, kidney and other cancers by cutting the brakes on the immune system's response. In the second quarter, Bristol sold $840 million of Opdivo - almost seven times as much as the same period last year. Taking on tobacco has provided the most glittering prize. Sales of Opdivo, Keytruda and related drugs for lung cancer will exceed $20 billion in 2022 according to Cowen. The biggest chunk of this will come from previously untreated patients. The key to bringing in even more revenue stems from showing such drugs work on more forms of cancer and using these treatments earlier. Merck took a relatively safe path. It proved in June that Keytruda worked in untreated non-small cell lung cancer patients whose tumours had at least 50 per cent of cells producing a protein called PD-L1. Various trials have shown that the success of Keytruda and Opdivo is highly linked, but not entirely, to having cells that produce this protein. There aren't, though, too many patients with such a high amount of PD-L1. Bristol went for the kill. Its drug already sells over two times as much as Merck's, and it designed a trial to widen this lead, targeting patients with tumours with just 5 per cent or more of cells producing PD-L1. That's a far harder target to hit, but would also have opened up a lot more patients to treatment. Bristol will now probably have to wait until 2018 to hit back at its rival. That's when a trial of Opdivo in combination with another drug for treating lung cancer should report. Earlier trials suggest this is a remarkably effective way to treat the disease. Until then, Merck has a clear path to gain market share - and the $11 billion added to its market value Friday morning implies shareholders agree. It's a pricey therapy for Bristol's hubris. Robert Cyran Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Widgets Magazine MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Follow Up Bristol-Myers Squibb’s Bad News Buoys Merck Bristol’s immuno-therapy product Opdivo fails as a first-line treatment of lung cancer. August 6, 2016 Review | Preview Cancer patients and Bristol-Myers Squibb investors got dismal news on Friday, when the pharmaceutical developer said its blockbuster drug Opdivo hadn’t outdone chemotherapy in halting lung cancer in tests on previously untreated patients. The setback is a big boost for Merck (ticker: MRK), whose rival treatment Keytruda... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Today’s Top 5 Stock Picks: Durable Growth Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. How Apple Could Bring Back the Flip Phone Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Beware the Great Rotation From Bonds Into Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Abbott Labs CEO Doubles His Stock Holdings Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Eli Lilly Alzheimer's Drug Fails Major Test Trial 2 How Did the Dow Cross 19000? 3 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Amazon and More Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
null
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Healthcare Stocks Sink DJIA on Monday By Paul Ausick August 8, 2016 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet August 8, 2016: Markets opened higher Monday but turned south shortly after the opening bell and remained in the red for the rest of the day. The dollar gained strength this afternoon and crude oil prices were buoyed by an OPEC statement declaring that the oil market is on its way to re-balancing. Energy was the sole sector winner today, while healthcare, consumer discretionary, and telecom were the big losers. WTI crude oil for September delivery settled at $43.02 a barrel, up 2.9% for the day. December gold closed down 0.2% on the day to settle at $1,341.30. Equities were headed for a lower close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.13% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.14%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded down 0.21%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Monday was Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) which traded down 1.86% at $62.67. The stock’s 52-week range is $45.69 to $64.00. Volume was nearly double the daily average of around 9.6 million shares. Competitor Bristol-Myers Squibb reported last Friday that its lung cancer drug failed a clinical trial, giving Merck a temporary positive jolt. Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) traded down 1.52% at $34.90. The stock’s 52-week range is $28.25 to $37.39. Volume was about equal to the daily average of around 23.8 million shares. The healthcare giant had no specific news Monday. McDonald’s Corp. (NYSE: MCD) traded down 0.80% at $118.26. The stock’s 52-week range is $87.50 to $131.96. Volume was about half the daily average of around 5.5 million shares. The company had no specific news Monday. UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE: UNH) traded down 0.45% at $141.92. The stock’s 52-week range is $95.00 to $144.48. Trading volume was about 60% below the daily average of around 3.2 million. The big health insurer had no specific news. Of the 30 Dow index stocks 10 are on track to close higher Monday and 20 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Jeep, BMW Dominate #NewCar Instagram Posts Liberty Global’s Latin American Subsidiaries in Monday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, McDonald's (NYSE:MCD), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Most Dangerous Cities in America The Worst Companies to Work For The Safest Cities in America The Largest Private Company in Every State Recent Natural Gas Price Up 2% After Storage Report Crude Oil Price Creeps Up on Inventory Decline, Gasoline Build Consumer Sentiment Surges Higher After Trump Victory Juno Falls Sharply on Self-Imposed Clinical Hold Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Regulators Put Delta Air Lines' Joint Venture With Aeromexico on Life Support The Worst Dividend Stocks of 2016 Snap Inc. in 3 Charts Kite Pharma's stock turns positive, up 0.7% after being down as much as 6.7% earlier Bluebird's stock swings higher, up 0.4% after being down as much as 6.8% earlier Jan. WTI crude trades at $48.18/bbl on Nymex vs. $48.02 before supply data Is Editas Medicine (EDIT) Stock a Solid Choice Right Now? Why You Shouldn't Bet Against NIC (EGOV) Stock Why First Interstate (FIBK) Stock Might be a Great Pick A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Caterpillar's Stock Leads Dow Gainers After Peer Deere's Blowout Results Look to ETFs as Passive Investing Grows in Popularity Stocks Calm Ahead of Thanksgiving Holiday; Dow Touches New Intraday Record This Holiday Season Expect To See Humanity In Action Obama's Big Overtime Reform Just Got Blocked In Court Millennials Are Loading Up On Their Vegetables Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
null
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock: Antitrust Probe in Japan Is a Joke Investors in AMZN stock have little to fear from Japanese regulators By Dan Burrows, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Aug 8, 2016, 10:37 am EST     Popular Posts: The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 The 10 Best S&P 500 Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Stock Just Hit Another Bump in the Road Recent Posts: Twitter Inc. (TWTR) Stock Set to End 2016 with a Whimper Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) Stock’s Rebound Underscores the Buy Case General Electric Company (GE) Stock Hasn’t Looked This Healthy in a While View All Posts Amazon.com, Inc.‘s (NASDAQ:AMZN) office in Japan was searched by antitrust regulators, we learned Monday morning, but anyone holding AMZN stock needn’t worry about the implications for the e-commerce giant’s bottom line or stock. American technology giants — think Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Alphabet Inc‘s (NASDAQ:GOOG,NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) — are often in trouble with antitrust authorities somewhere. So what? These things drag on for years and then end in a fine. Tech giants have ample time to set aside reserves for any eventual payout, which is hardly going to be crippling in any case. Google is under investigation by the European Union for a third time. Reports have the search company facing a record $3.4 billion fine. Yet shares routinely shrug of such news. Why shouldn’t they? Regulators don’t want to put anyone out of business with their penalties. With annual revenue of $75 billion last year, GOOGL can cough up the dough easily. AMZN Stock: Steady as She Goes Japan’s Fair Trade Commission is investigating AMZN’s dealings with the merchants who sell goods through its online store. Regulators are trying to determine whether Amazon Japan forced those retail partners to underprice their goods relative to competing sites Rakuten, Inc. (OTCMKTS:RKUNY) and Yahoo Japan Corporation (OTCMKTS:YAHOY). It’s important to remember that although Japan is AMZN’s second-largest international market after China; it’s not nearly big enough to scare sober investors out of AMZN stock. The entire Japanese e-commerce market was good for about $80 billion in sales last year. That compares with $350 billion of e-commerce sales in the U.S. and $650 billion in China. Now consider that Rakuten claimed about 25% of the Japanese e-commerce market, while Amazon took roughly 12%. That’s a nice chunk of revenue potential, but it’s far from being an AMZN stock killer. As of this writing, Dan Burrows did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL): Delta Stock Wiggles Amid Power Outage 7 Blue-Chip Stocks We Should All Just Leave Behind 7 Consumer Stocks That Are Worth Your Attention Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/08/amzn-stock-amazon-japan-antitrust-joke/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks That Wall Street's Smart Money Likes Right Now 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under Trump 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017-Plus Apple Stock Is Shrugging Off the Trump Slump Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under the Trump Presidency 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017 and Beyond Most Popular Most Commented The 10 Best S&P 500 Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak S&P 500: Enjoy a Rare Thanksgiving Bull Feast! Time for Profit Taking on the Dow Jones Industrial Average Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak Is Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) and SolarCity Corp (SCTY) a Bankruptcy in the Making? iShares Russell 2000 Index (ETF) (IWM): Our Year-End Target Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Citi Doesn't See Merck's Lung Cancer Success Lasting Long Monica Gerson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 08, 2016 7:36am   Comments Share: Related MRK Vetr Opts To Hold On Merck Despite Biotech Optimism Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvoni: Most Payers Receive Substantial Discounts Off The List Price Dow Hits High, Nasdaq Dips, Dollar Sets New 13-Year Best (Investor's Business Daily) Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY) unexpectedly announced the failure of the CheckMate-026 trial in non-small cell lung cancer [NSCLC]. While this development means that Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) would likely dominate the 1st line NSCLC market for patients with PDL1 high expressing tumors in the near term, the success could be short-lived, Citi's Andrew Baum said in a report. Analyst Andrew Baum maintained a Neutral rating on Merck, with a price target of $65. He added that the new EPS estimates for 2017 and 2018, at $3.81 and $4.39, were now 5 percent higher than the pre-Friday consensus expectations. Short-Lived Success Baum commented that Merck's EPS gains would likely be "relatively short lived" due to the expected positive data from AstraZeneca Plc's (NYSE: AZN) MYSTIC trial, scheduled for March 2017, and Bristol-Myers Squibb's CHECKMATE 227 trial, expected in August 2017. On account of these, the latest development would have only a modest impact on Merck's long-term EPS. Related Link: SITC Launches New Initiative Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Immunotherapy: Advancing Hope™ "The market share for immuneoncology sponsors in 1st line NSCLC was always likely to be determined by the relative benefits to be shown with PDx CTLA4 and PDx chemotherapy combinations in ongoing phase III trials. Nothing has changed in this regard. We continue to strongly favour PDx CTLA4 based combinations," the analyst wrote. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for MRK Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Bank of America Upgrades Neutral Buy Sep 2016 Jefferies Maintains Hold Sep 2016 Barclays Maintains Overweight View More Analyst Ratings for MRK View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Andrew Baum CitiAnalyst Color Reiteration Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AZN + BMY) Stocks Hitting 52-Week Lows Earnings Scheduled For November 10, 2016 Watch These 4 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? The Election Can't Come Soon Enough For Biotechs Technical Alert: Bristol-Myers Squibb Higher After Q3 Beat View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on MRK Trending Recent 1 MDT, ROKA: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 URBN, JACK: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 3 DRYS, LC: LendingClub Has Major Short Squeeze Potential 4 CTSH: Bank Of America Cuts Cognizant's Price Targe... 5 AXON, DE: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-... 6 PANW, CUDA: Palo Alto: This Cybersecurity F... 7 BABA, SCTY: President-Elect Trump... 1 MSFT, HPE: Analyst: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Has 'Zero Chance Of Remaining... 2 URBN: Urban Outfitters Cooks Up A Q3 Miss, Inventory High Going Into Q4 3 GWPH: Concerns Over GW Pharma's Epilepsy Drug-On-Drug Interactio... 4 MGEE, MTW: Mid-Day Market Update: Eli Lilly Tumbles After Alzheim... 5 ITG, TFSL: 8 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Friday,... 6 CSCO, HPE: Expect Hewlett Packard Enterprise Sh... 7 P: Pandora Is Still A Show-Me Story View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Signal Higher Start On Wall Street Low And Slow, Prudent Buyers And Barefootin
Investing IPOs0 Why Snapchat May Be the Single Most Dangerous IPO I've Ever Seen Trading Strategies0 Triple Your Money If There's a "Trump Dump" Trading Strategies1 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Technology0 Everything You Need to Know About This New Fintech Disruptor – Before You Make a Move Trading Strategies0 How Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit Stocks0 Our "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Washington0 If I Were Trump's Advisor, Here's What I'd Tell Him Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Trading Strategies0 There's Huge "Downside" Profit Potential Here, Courtesy of the President-Elect Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options1 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Move Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why the OPEC Oil Deal Is Now in Doubt Energy1 Why Trump's Biggest Energy Impact Won't Be Coal Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Before You Sit Down to Watch the Lions Get Beat, Here's One Football Story You Need to Know It’s been a turbulent year for the fantasy-sports biz. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing IPOs0 Why Snapchat May Be the Single Most Dangerous IPO I've Ever Seen Trading Strategies0 Triple Your Money If There's a "Trump Dump" Trading Strategies1 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Technology0 Everything You Need to Know About This New Fintech Disruptor – Before You Make a Move Trading Strategies0 How Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit Stocks0 Our "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Washington0 If I Were Trump's Advisor, Here's What I'd Tell Him Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Trading Strategies0 There's Huge "Downside" Profit Potential Here, Courtesy of the President-Elect Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options1 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Move Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why the OPEC Oil Deal Is Now in Doubt Energy1 Why Trump's Biggest Energy Impact Won't Be Coal Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Slips After Healthcare Stocks Slump Message: URL: http://mney.co/2aH7bNa 6  +  2  =  Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Slips After Healthcare Stocks Slump Message: URL: http://mney.co/2aH7bNa 6  −   =  three Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Dow Jonesno responses Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Slips After Healthcare Stocks Slump By Garrett Baldwin, Economist, Money Morning • August 8, 2016 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  +  six  =  fourteen Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Dow Jones Industrial Average News, 8/8/2016 – Wall Street pulled back from record highs on Monday despite increased optimism about the health of the U.S. economy and global stimulus efforts. Following last week's busy calendar of economic data, the markets are turning back to earnings reports as the dog days of August continue. But while healthcare earnings and stock movement dominated the headlines today, many investors missed a few key profit opportunities. Don't Miss: The best dividend stocks continue to raise their payouts. The best of the best do so for 50 years in a row… like these "dividend kings"… Before we get to those stories, check out the results for the Dow Jones, S&P 500, and Nasdaq: Dow Jones: 18,529.29; -14.24; -0.08%                                S&P 500: 2,180.89; -1.98; -0.09%    Nasdaq: 5,213.14; -7.98; -0.15% Now, here's the top stock market news today… and your best ways to profit. DJIA Today: Healthcare Stocks Slump After Weak Allergan Earnings Report The Dow Jones fell 14 points despite a sharp uptick in oil prices and growing optimism about Friday's jobs report. It was a tough day for healthcare stocks. The S&P 500 Healthcare Index fell more than 1%, a decline fueled by a 2.8% decline in shares of Allergan Plc. (NYSE: AGN). The manufacturer of Botox fell short of Wall Street expectations. The firm also announced plans to sell its Anda drug division to international rival Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE ADR: TEVA). Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) were off more than 4.5% as the company faces questions after a failed drug trial. Finally, shares of Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) also slid due to sector-wide pressures. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 retreated from its record high. Investors are keeping a close eye on the timing of the next interest rate hike. According to CME FedWatch, the probability that the U.S. Federal Reserve will increase interest rates in September sits at just 18%. The probability does not exceed 50% until March 2017. The Federal Reserve has spent the last two years teasing investors with the chance of a rate normalization. The central bank has only raised interest rates one time since introducing its zero-interest-rate (ZIRP) policy. As Money Morning Capital Wave Strategist Shah Gilani explains, it's time to kill this scheming central bank and replace it with a monetary policy system that works. Silver prices were on the rise again as optimism grows about its ongoing price rally. Silver is the best-performing precious metal, returning 47% so far this year. That outpaces gold prices, which are up about 26% over the same period. But we're just getting started. Money Morning Resource Specialist Peter Krauth argues that silver prices could soon top $22 per ounce. It's all because of this one factor. Crude oil prices were pushing higher as producers clamored again for a global production freeze. According to Reuters, the recent price dip to roughly $40 per barrel has OPEC members prepared to reignite debate about a reduction in crude production in order to support crude prices. The last time this was proposed, Iran and Saudi Arabia nearly engaged in cross-border war. A date for OPEC leaders to meet has not been set, but Money Morning Global Energy Specialist Dr. Kent Moors has vital insight. The global energy sector is swimming in debt and support levels are vital to long-term price stability. Dr. Moors breaks down what the "Trillion-Dollar Time Bomb" means to energy investors. WTI crude was up 2.4%, while Brent crude prices gained 2%. On the deal front, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) announced plans to purchase e-commerce giant Jet.com for roughly $3.3 billion. While the deal size is a new record for the retail giant, investors need to know that Wal-Mart will be facing stiff competition from its e-commerce rival Amazon.com Inc. (Nasdaq: AMZN). Here's why we think you should avoid WMT stock after this deal. Now, let's look at the day's biggest stock movers and Money Morning's stock insight of the day.  Top Stock Market News Today In earnings news, shares of Sotheby's (NYSE: BID) surged more than 14% after the auction house crushed Wall Street earnings expectations. The firm beat top and bottom line estimates. Shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. (NYSE: DAL) rebounded after the company saw its flights grounded for six hours on Monday. The company reported a computer outage, which led to significant delays and cancelations. Shares were off 0.3% on the day. Meanwhile, keep an eye out for additional earnings reports after the bell from Rackspace Hosting Inc. (NYSE: RAX), SINA Corp. (Nasdaq: SINA), and Hertz Global Holdings Inc. (NYSE: HTZ). Finally, here is your insight of the day. Earnings season has surpassed analysts' expectations. But the sector that has completely blown the doors off forecasts has been one of our favorites: technology. If you want to make money – big money – you need to know about the four best tech stocks to buy now as we wrap up Q2 earnings season. Money Morning Director of Tech & Venture Capital Michael A. Robinson outlines these four plays, right here. Up Next: The Internet of Things revolution will create a $6 trillion market – and these five stocks are the best way to grab a piece of those gains for yourself. Follow Money Morning on Facebook and Twitter. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: dow jones today Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  +  9  =  thirteen Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Before You Sit Down to Watch the Lions Get Beat, Here's One Football Story You Need to Know Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald IPOsWhy Snapchat May Be the Single Most Dangerous IPO I've Ever Seen Trading StrategiesTriple Your Money If There's a "Trump Dump" Trading Strategies1How to Invest After the Election TechnologyMove Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You TechnologyTuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity TechnologyEverything You Need to Know About This New Fintech Disruptor – Before You Make a Move Trading StrategiesHow Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit StocksOur "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now OilWhy the OPEC Oil Deal Is Now in Doubt Energy1Why Trump's Biggest Energy Impact Won't Be Coal EnergyWhat President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Trading StrategiesYou Won't Believe How Profitable the Next Four Years Could Be Stocks1This Long-View Play Will Make You (and Your Grandchildren) Rich The Fed2What Every Investor Needs to Know Between Now and 2017 Latest News November 23, 2016 By Shah Gilani Leave a Comment Everything You Need to Know About This New Fintech Disruptor – Before You Make a Move November 23, 2016 By Money Morning News Team Leave a Comment Will the Stock Market Crash After the FOMC Meeting? November 23, 2016 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Flat as Investors Cast Doubts on OPEC Deal Related Content Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Flat as Investors Cast Doubts on OPEC Deal Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Climbs Past 19,000 Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Approaches Record as Oil Prices Push Higher Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Rallies Ahead of OPEC Deal Trending Posts 4977 Reads 19 Likes Why Trump's Biggest Energy Impact Won't Be Coal Donald Trump's planned energy policy has thrown the future of one vital resource into question. The consequences won't just impact the U.S. energy sector... 4401 Reads 1237 Likes 5 Marijuana Stocks to Watch in 2017 Our marijuana stocks to watch in 2017 list includes five stocks to keep an eye on. Here’s everything you need to know about these stocks and the booming industry. Today's Markets DJIA 33.04 (0.17%) 19,056.91 NASDAQ -19.77 (0.37%) 5,366.58 S&P -2.45 (0.11%) 2,200.49 BID 0.21 (0.54%) 39.21 DAL 0.21 (0.43%) 49.11 RAX (%) 31.99 SINA 2.05 (2.77%) 76.10 HTZ 0.26 (0.99%) 25.96 TEVA 0.09 (0.24%) 37.74 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2016 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us YOUR PROFIT ALERTS Enjoy our new, free service that helps you make more money! When it comes to successfully profiting from the markets, timing is everything. Getting “in” before a stock makes its decisive move is a key part of growing your wealth and achieving financial freedom. Now Money Morning Profit Alerts lets you do just that... Get ahead of top profit opportunities by picking your areas of interest from the list below. You’ll get all our new money-making research in that area as soon as we release each update. It’s easy and free and you can add to your Profit Alert preferences at any time. Remember to hit “Save” to get started after you’ve picked your alerts.
Menu Menu Welcome! Membership About Morningstar > Logout Login Subscribe Register Premium Site Search Search Symbols Search The Site Join Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Personal Finance Discuss Page No Longer Available We’re sorry, this news item is no longer available on Morningstar.com. We offer news from several external newsfeed providers, and some of those providers require that news items expire from our website after a certain time period. For the latest news, please check Morningstar.com’s news archive or the News & Events section of any security’s quote page. Helpful Links Glossary Privacy Policy Premium User Agreement Free User Agreement Copyright Agreement Discuss Terms of Use Reprints Contact Us Premium Members Have questions about Premium Membership or would like to change/cancel your subscription?   Call us toll-free at 1.866.229.9449 or 1.312.384.3838 if you are calling from outside the U.S. We’re available to assist you Monday through Thursday 7am to 6pm CST and Fridays, 7am to 5pm CST. Corrections  Help  Advertising Opportunities  Licensing  MorningstarAdvisor  Glossary  RSS  Store  Careers  Company Site International Sites Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2015 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Endo Announces Appointment of Joseph J. Ciaffoni as President, U.S. Branded Pharmaceuticals News provided by Endo International plc Aug 08, 2016, 16:05 ET Share this article DUBLIN, Aug. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Endo International plc (NASDAQ: ENDP) (TSX: ENL) announced today the appointment of Joseph J. Ciaffoni as President, U.S. Branded Pharmaceuticals, effective August 15, 2016.   "We are excited to announce the addition of Joe to the Endo executive team. His industry experience is extensive and includes building commercial businesses, leading multi-function organizations and achieving stellar results across primary care, specialty and rare disease markets. His proven track record of success across nearly 20 product launches and the commercialization of more than 70 products will be instrumental as we continue to focus on strategically growing our U.S. Branded business," said Rajiv De Silva, President and CEO of Endo. "I look forward to Joe's leadership and contributions to our branded organization and working with him to effectively deliver Endo's innovative therapies to patients with significant unmet need." "Additionally, I would like to extend my sincere thanks to Brian Lortie for his continued leadership in this role during the transition. We wish Brian much continued success in his future endeavors," added De Silva. Prior to joining Endo, Mr. Ciaffoni served as Senior Vice President, Global Specialty Medicines Group for Biogen. In this role, he led the development and execution of all aspects of global strategy across the value chain for marketed and pipeline products. Mr. Ciaffoni started his employment with Biogen Idec in 2012 and during his tenure held senior roles including Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial and Vice President, U.S. Neurology Field Operations and Marketing. Prior to joining Biogen, Mr. Ciaffoni was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Shionogi Inc. and President of Shionogi Pharmaceuticals. Previously, he served as Vice President, Sales for Schering-Plough (now Merck) and held several commercial leadership roles at Sanofi-Synthelabo (now Sanofi) and Novartis. Mr. Ciaffoni holds a B.A. in Communications and an M.B.A. from Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey. "I am thrilled to be joining Endo at a time of such significant opportunity for the business," said Mr. Ciaffoni. "I look forward to leading Endo's U.S. branded pharmaceutical business, driving the development and execution of Endo's branded strategy and accelerating key growth drivers while, ultimately, helping improve patients' lives." About Endo International plc Endo International plc is a global specialty pharmaceutical company focused on improving patients' lives while creating shareholder value. Endo develops, manufactures, markets and distributes quality branded and generic pharmaceutical products as well as over-the-counter medications though its operating companies. Endo has global headquarters in Dublin, Ireland, and U.S. headquarters in Malvern, PA. Learn more at www.endo.com. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements," including, but not limited to, the statements by Mr. De Silva and Mr. Ciaffoni. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from Endo's expectations and projections. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, general industry and market conditions; technological advances and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in the research and development and regulatory processes; challenges related to product marketing, such as the unpredictability of market acceptance for new products and/or the acceptance of new indications for such products; inconsistency of treatment results among patients; potential difficulties in manufacturing; general economic conditions; and governmental laws and regulations affecting domestic and foreign operations. Endo expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements except as required by law. Additional information concerning these and other risk factors can be found in Endo's periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and in Canada on the System for Electronic Data Analysis and Retrieval ("SEDAR"), including current reports on Form 8-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and annual reports on Form 10-K.  Additional information about Endo is available on the World Wide Web at www.endo.com or you can contact the Endo Investor Relations department by calling (484) 216-0000.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/endo-announces-appointment-of-joseph-j-ciaffoni-as-president-us-branded-pharmaceuticals-300310625.html SOURCE Endo International plc Related Links http://www.endo.com Aug 08, 2016, 16:28 ET Preview: Endo Reports Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results Jul 18, 2016, 07:30 ET Preview: Endo to Announce Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results on August 8, 2016 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 17, 2016, 08:30 ETEndo Announces Positive Data from Phase 2b Study of Collagenase... Nov 08, 2016, 06:30 ETEndo Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Personnel Announcements You just read: Endo Announces Appointment of Joseph J. Ciaffoni as President, U.S. Branded Pharmaceuticals News provided by Endo International plc Aug 08, 2016, 16:05 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
null
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article 3 Stocks Billionaires Are Buying A closer look at what the richest are investing in Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 30 Sneaky Expenses You Forgot About This Holiday Season Don't get taken by surprise My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Home > Stock Market News Today's Stock Market News & Analysis Trump's FCC Appointments Cast Doubts Over Net Neutrality By Zacks.com The appointments look good for telecoms, but bad for consumers. 3 Stocks Billionaires Are Buying By Motley Fool A closer look at what the most successful money managers are buying. 5 Top Stocks Under $10 By Motley Fool Add some cheap stocks to your portfolio. Is OPEC Playing The Oil Markets Again? By Oilprice.com Oil prices moved back up closer to $50 per barrel on the sudden surge in optimism surrounding an OPEC deal. Latest News Videos UK building its way out of Brexit?   U.K.'s Clark: Hammond Right to Main... Dow, Russell 2000 hit new all-time ... FT verdict on the Autumn Statement   Latest News U.S. Jobless Claims Rose Last Week From Multidecade Low -- Update 11/23/2016 12:22:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets TSX Flat at Midday As Miners, Healthcare Drag 11/23/2016 12:17 PM - MT Newswires Appears In: Stocks GE Appliance Workers Reject Contract Offer From Chinese Owner 11/23/2016 12:15:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets U.S. Durable Goods-Historical -2- 11/23/2016 12:08:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets U.S. Durable Goods-Historical 11/23/2016 12:08:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets Perrigo Director buys 2,500 shares 11/23/2016 12:05 PM - InvestorsObserver Appears In: Options GE Appliances Workers Reject Contract Offer From Chinese Owner 11/23/2016 12:05:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets Why Shares of Urban Outfitters Dropped Today 11/23/2016 12:00 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Top Stocks to Buy in Cloud Computing 11/23/2016 12:00 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Stocks Mixed as Healthcare Sector Weighs on S&P, Dow Clings to Record High 11/23/2016 11:59 AM - MT Newswires Appears In: Stocks U.S. New-Home Sales Fall in October -- Update 11/23/2016 11:57:00 AM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets EPA Completes Rule Requiring More Ethanol Blended Into 2017 Gasoline Supply 11/23/2016 11:55:00 AM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: Commodities Will Digital Sales Save Target's Holiday Quarter? 11/23/2016 11:54 AM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Correction to Dyn Articles 11/23/2016 11:53:00 AM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets Carnival Corporation Stock Upgraded: Is It Time to Buy a Cruise Ship Stock? 11/23/2016 11:51 AM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Agree To Purchase United Rentals At $65, Earn 12.3% Using Options 11/23/2016 11:42 AM - BNK Invest Appears In: Options Agree To Purchase Urban Outfitters At $23, Earn 8.3% Using Options 11/23/2016 11:41 AM - BNK Invest Appears In: Options Commit To Buy Under Armour At $20, Earn 8.2% Using Options 11/23/2016 11:41 AM - BNK Invest Appears In: Options Agree To Buy Seagate Technology At $20, Earn 10.8% Using Options 11/23/2016 11:41 AM - BNK Invest Appears In: Options Agree To Buy State Street Corp. At $55, Earn 6.2% Using Options 11/23/2016 11:41 AM - BNK Invest Appears In: Options View More Headlines Browse News by Category ETFs Has Turkey ETF Gone Sour this Thanksgiving? Advice & Insights for ETF Investing as Rate Hike Looms Royal Dutch Shell and Cosan Strengthen Brazilian Biofuels Venture to... More ETFs Technology 20 Things We Did Right in Our First Year as an Airbnb Host Commodities Made Simple: There's An App For That How Blockchain Can Help Reduce Money Laundering More Technology Commodities Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Mostly Lower; Deere Tops Q4 Views Technology Sector Update for 11/23/2016: ORA Time For The Gold Bulls To Step Up: If There Are Any Left More Commodities Investing ideas comScore (SCOR) Shares Cross Above 200 DMA Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross - WETF Is Editas Medicine (EDIT) Stock a Solid Choice Right Now? More Investing ideas Today's Market Activity NASDAQ 5368.36 -17.99  ▼  0.33% DJIA 19051.98 28.11  ▲  0.15% S&P 500 2200.76 -2.18  ▼  0.10% Data as of Nov 23, 2016 | 12:31PM Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform View All Market Intelligence Stay ahead of the markets with these must-read articles How Blockchain Can Help Reduce Money Laundering Prableen Bajpai Is This Apple's Big Push into Augmented Reality? Chris Ciaccia The Invisible Hand Will Lead to the Next Recession Trevir Nath Compare Rates Mortgages Autos CDs Loan Type Rate Change APR 30 yr fixed mtg 3.95% ▲ 4.07% 15 yr fixed mtg 3.10% ▲ 3.31% 30 yr FHA mtg 3.63% ▲ 3.73% 5/1 ARM 3.36% ▲ 6.06% View rates in your area   Search   Overnight Avg Rate Latest Change 48 month new car loan 3.03% ▲ 36 month new car loan 2.86% ▲ 60 month new car loan 3.07% ▲ 36 month used car loan 3.31% ▲ 72 month new car loan 3.34% ▲ View rates in your area   Search   Overnight Avg Rate Latest Change APY 3 month CD 0.36% ▼ 6 month CD 0.74% ▲ 1 yr CD 1.17% - 5 yr CD 1.76% ▲ 1 yr jumbo CD 0.87% - View more rates   Search   Rate Data Provided by Bankrate.com Latest Articles by Martin Tillier Martin Tiller's new must-read column on the markets Enlightening. Entertaining. Every day. Only at NASDAQ.com. Three Things to Give Thanks For: The Market Version 11/23/2016 10:49 AM Oil's Rise Has Helped Stocks But Now Looks Fragile 11/22/2016 9:17 AM Week Ahead: One Market To Watch Despite The Holiday 11/21/2016 9:40 AM An Analysis of Wal-Mart (WMT)'s Earnings 11/17/2016 9:05 AM Why DryShips (DRYS) is Up Over 2500 Percent 11/16/2016 10:29 AM More Martin Tillier NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.

24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Credit Suisse Sees Merck and Bristol-Myers Gap Widening Further By Jon C. Ogg August 8, 2016 12:45 pm EST Print Email Tweet Last week’s news from Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) about Opdivo in first line non-small cell lung cancer missing its primary endpoint absolutely crushed its shares. It is just usual to see a stock of this size drop about 16% in a single trading day. Now Credit Suisse sees the Bristol-Myers Squibb gap with Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) getting even worse. Credit Suisse downgraded Bristol-Myers Squibb to Neutral from Outperform and it raised Merck’s rating to Outperform from Neutral. The firm admitted not being fans of reacting to news, but it noted that the developments were just too significant and surprising to ignore. Credit Suisse remains bullish on the I-O market overall and still has robust I-O franchise estimates for Bristol-Myers. Credit Suisse’s report said: Given how leveraged Bristol-Myers is to I-O, however, even these rather bullish estimates still give us a DCF valuation of $61, making it very difficult for us to continue recommending the stock at this time. Our new blended target price is $63, which is a 75%/25% blend of DCF and relative valuation, with our relative based on 24.0x our new 2017 EPS of $2.90. Conversations with investors lead us to wonder if Bristol-Myers may be a more attractive takeout target now, but we think potential buyers would want to wait and see how Bristol-Myers’ position in I-O gets sorted out before considering stepping in. Merck shares were raised to Outperform and the price target was raised to $73. The report further said of Friday’s big disappointment: We had high expectations for the study not just meeting its primary endpoint but potentially other important secondary endpoints. The results dramatically impact the way we see the immuno-oncology (I-O) market evolving, especially for the 2016 to 2018 timeframe, with lingering impacts likely to be felt beyond then. Further commentary on Merck was as follows: Friday’s developments help answer one of the main concerns we had on MRK as we struggled to see where they would find near to mid-term growth in the face of patent loss for Vytorin/Zetia, biosimilar competition for Remicade and increasing competition for Januvia/Janumet. Our Merck sales estimates increase by $1.6 to $2.4 billion for the next few years and our EPS estimates move to $4.06 to $5.00 from $3.70 to $4.45, suggesting a 2015-2019 EPS CAGR of 8.6%. Our DCF for Merck increases to $72. Our blended target price of 75% DCF/25% relative, with the relative based off of 18.0x our new 2017 EPS of $4.06, is $73. … Keytruda will be a dominant player in monotherapy and Merck has quietly been developing a broad range of combination approaches as well. Where this report gets interesting, on top of Bristol-Meyers and Merck, is that Credit Suisse sees an opportunity for Roche and AstraZeneca PLC (NYSE: AZN). The report is noted as being if their combination trials show efficacy. They said: We see some enhanced risk for AstraZeneca’s MYSTIC trial with lower chances of a positive all comers PFS readout, pushing more reliance onto OS which could delay a significant de-risking of the pipeline out to 2018. In contrast we feel expectations for Roche’s IMpower 150 Tecentiq/Avastin/chemo combination study in 1L NSCLC, due in the first half of 2017, are low, suggesting limited downside on any delay. Roche remains our preferred EU name in I-O. I-O assets account for 9% of our NPV for AstraZeneca and 8% Roche, with the potential to add another 15% and 13% respectively on full pipeline success with Roche trading on a discount to NPV and AstraZeneca at a premium. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb were last seen trading down an additional 4.9% at $60.11 in mid-Monday trading. Its 52-week range is $51.82 to $77.12. Bristol-Myers was down 15.99% to $63.28 on Friday. Merck, a Dow Jones Industrial Average member, was last seen down almost 2% at $62.61. Its gain on Friday was 10.4% to $63.83. AstraZeneca shares were last seen up 0.5% at $34.46, versus a 52-week range of $26.97 to $35.04. By Jon C. Ogg « 5 Gold Stocks That Have Not Kept Up With the Massive Gold Rally Vail Posts All-Time High on $1 Billion Whistler Blackcomb Acquisition » Read more: Healthcare Business, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, pharmaceuticals, AstraZeneca plc (ADR) (NYSE:AZN), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE:BMY), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Most Dangerous Cities in America The Worst Companies to Work For The Safest Cities in America The Largest Private Company in Every State Recent Natural Gas Price Up 2% After Storage Report Crude Oil Price Creeps Up on Inventory Decline, Gasoline Build Consumer Sentiment Surges Higher After Trump Victory Juno Falls Sharply on Self-Imposed Clinical Hold Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Encana Corp: It's All About the Margins Why Shares of Urban Outfitters Dropped Today Top Stocks to Buy in Cloud Computing Kite Pharma's stock turns positive, up 0.7% after being down as much as 6.7% earlier Bluebird's stock swings higher, up 0.4% after being down as much as 6.8% earlier Jan. WTI crude trades at $48.18/bbl on Nymex vs. $48.02 before supply data Is Editas Medicine (EDIT) Stock a Solid Choice Right Now? Why You Shouldn't Bet Against NIC (EGOV) Stock Why First Interstate (FIBK) Stock Might be a Great Pick A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Caterpillar's Stock Leads Dow Gainers After Peer Deere's Blowout Results Look to ETFs as Passive Investing Grows in Popularity Stocks Calm Ahead of Thanksgiving Holiday; Dow Touches New Intraday Record This Holiday Season Expect To See Humanity In Action Obama's Big Overtime Reform Just Got Blocked In Court Millennials Are Loading Up On Their Vegetables Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Stocks slip from highs as earnings season winds down Bloomberg 8/8/2016 Joseph Ciolli Click to expand Replay Video Organic Thanksgiving dinner could cost you CNBC's Jane Wells reports on organic food trends and the price of turkeys ahead of Thanksgiving. CNBC US offers mobile device guidelines to curb driver distraction On Wednesday The U.S. Transportation Department issued voluntary guidelines for makers of mobile devices. The guidelines ask manufacturers to make it simple to pair mobile devices with in-vehicle systems, allowing easy hands-free phone use and to limit functionality of the devices. Wochit Tech The best of Black Friday deals GasBuddy Senior Consumer Analyst Vera Gibbons on the best deals for consumers on Black Friday. Fox Business PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Closing Bell Exchange: Dow near session lows CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Organic Thanksgiving dinner could cost you CNBC1:40 US offers mobile device guidelines to curb driver distraction Wochit Tech0:30 The best of Black Friday deals Fox Business4:53 7 states that are better for retirement than Florida Kiplinger1:21 Facebook may be experimenting with software that censors posts Newsy1:11 Would you pay $1,500 for a haircut? The Wall Street Journal.4:03 Average age of an American car is 11.6 years, a record high CNBC3:37 More Americans will become millionaires in 2017, but it's not all good Newsy0:55 Hong Kong Disneyland bets $1.4 billion on 'Frozen,' Marvel The Wall Street Journal.1:24 Existing home sales hit more than 9-1/2-year high Wochit Business1:08 Is anti-Black Friday eclipsing Black Friday? The Washington Post2:14 Replacing Obamacare: Speaker Ryan's plan seen as roadmap CNBC1:55 What drives the prices of fine wine? Bloomberg5:33 This startup is trying to reinvent the piston engine CNN Money3:25 How close does Trump remain to his foreign businesses? CNN Money2:31 Guest worker program a necessary part of farming? Fox Business1:49 UP NEXT The profit recovery has been pushed back. Again. Quotes in the article Standard Life PLC SLFPF ▼ 4.44 -0.13 -2.84% News Corp NWS ▲ 12.05 +0.05 +0.42% Walt Disney Co DIS ▲ 98.07 +0.36 +0.37% Macy's Inc M ▲ 45.10 +0.64 +1.43% Even as the S&P 500 Index sits near a record, analyst forecasts just turned negative for a sixth straight quarter for corporate results in the three months ending in September. Steadily falling profits are causing valuations to jump in the benchmark gauge for American equity, which slipped 0.1 percent to 2,180 Monday. Analysts tracked by Bloomberg have lowered forecasts by 2.9 percentage points since the end of June and now anticipate profits will contract by 0.6 percent in the third quarter, putting U.S. large-cap stocks on track for the longest profit slump since the financial crisis. Forecasts were cut for nine of the 10 main industries, with prospects for energy and industrial companies worsening the most. “Over time, earnings growth is what we need to see, yet what we’re seeing is more of a treading of water,” said Kevin Caron, a Florham Park, New Jersey-based market strategist and portfolio manager who helps oversee $180 billion at Stifel Nicolaus & Co. “That’s still preferable to a sharp earnings contraction, but it also leaves investors wanting more.” The S&P 500 slipped in light trading after closing at a record Friday amid better-than-forecast jobs data, with losses in health-care and consumer shares offsetting a rally among energy producers as crude oil climbed. The Nasdaq Composite Index decreased 0.15 percent after reaching a record for the first time in a year. Unusual resilience in equity prices and falling earnings have swelled share valuations. The S&P 500 is trading for 20.5 times reported operating income, the highest multiple since 2009 and one of the richest valuations since the dot-com bubble burst. “Global equity valuations appear stretched,” Goldman Sachs Group Inc. strategists wrote in a note Friday. Sluggish global growth has sapped earnings power for companies from Caterpillar Inc. to Exxon Mobil Corp., with a stronger dollar depressing overseas demand at the same time the American economy generates lackluster expansion. While the profit contraction helped keep equities in check for most of the past year, they’ve churned to all-time highs on the prospect of ever more central-bank stimulus. The reduction in earnings forecasts is keeping in form with the current streak of retreating profits, a recovery that has been pushed back every quarter since the middle of last year. Since June 2015, analysts have dropped estimates by an average of 5.3 percentage points between the beginning and end of each quarter.  “As long as nothing negative happens to derail the positive from Friday’s jobs report, the market should continue to grind higher,” said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities Inc. in Los Angeles. “The message being sent is that second-quarter earnings and guidance came in better than people thought. As long as world markets continue to be in the state they’re in, the U.S. equity market continues to be the preferred destination for investors.” With the earnings season nearing completion, about 78 percent of S&P 500 firms that have reported beat profit predictions and 56 percent topped sales projections. Analysts have tempered their estimates on the size of the second-quarter net income decline for index members, to 2.7 percent from a 5.8 percent drop less than a month ago. Walt Disney Co. Macy’s Inc. and Nvidia Corp. are among those reporting this week. Go to MSN Home More in Money 7 successful icons who had a brush with bankruptcy InvestorPlace 20 best money tips of all time from Tony Robbins GOBankingRates 7 CEOs heading to the chopping block InvestorPlace The most dangerous states in America 24/7 Wall St. 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money Up Next What the richest 1 percent earns in every state Money Talks News AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Close Big Pharma eyes $7.2 billion down on the farm for superbug risk - SentinelSource.com: Bloomberg Advanced Search 38° Clear SentinelSource.com News Local Local Crime Reports Obituaries Environment National & World Religion Special Reports Photos e-Edition Business Top Story Brattleboro Thanksgiving dinner returns to roots BRATTLEBORO — Sixty-six turkeys in two days, 60 gallons of cider, 120 pounds of sweet potatoes, 100 pounds of butter. posted: November 23 rss More headlines Area tree lightings set in region Out in Public: Tree lighting events good for a community's soul, by Paul Miller Hinsdale woman charged with possession of heroin with intent to sell The Community Kitchen is looking to upgrade Bay State man, arrested in Winchester, sentenced on weapons charges The Keene Sentinel e-Edition The Keene Sentinel e-Edition Sports Local Sports News Schedules Contests Submit a Score Top Story Keene State splits pre-Thanksgiving basketball double-header The turkey is going to taste just a little bit better for the Keene State men’s basketball team than the women’s over the Thanksgiving holiday break. posted: November 23 rss More headlines Keene State swimmer posts NCAA-leading time SNHU downs Franklin Pierce in Northeast-10 women's basketball action Franklin Pierce bowler earns East Coast weekly honor Franklin Pierce fall to Southern New Hampshire in men's basketball Community Community News Weddings & Engagements Births Anniversaries Community Calendar Top Story Area tree lightings set in region Alstead posted: November 23 Community News Community news Nov. 20, 2016 School news Nov. 20, 2016 Births Community news Nov. 19, 2016 Community news Nov. 16 Entertainment Entertainment News Games Calendar Local TV Listings Dear Abby Top Story Celebrity birthdays Nov. 23, 2016 Screenwriter Joe Eszterhas is 72 posted: November 23 rss More headlines Horoscope Celebrity birthdays Nov. 23, 2016 Horoscope Horoscope Celebrity birthdays, Nov. 21, 2016 Life & Style Food Travel & Leisure Home and Garden Lifestyles Pets Books Health & Fitness Parenting Top Story It's sometimes called 'the winter blues' With winter in the northern hemisphere approaching, it’s not uncommon for people to feel sluggish or moody. Those symptoms can be typical of s… posted: November 23 rss More headlines Home remedies: treating a burn Her daughter 'died' from an opioid overdose. And then 'she was back.' New statin guidelines: Everyone 40 and older should be considered for the drug therapy Ever wondered if sugar makes you hyper? For real-life roads, Ford's Focus is still sharp Top Story Submission Guidelines to the Public Muse Local writers are encouraged to submit short pieces of their best verse to Susan Quatrain, judge of The Public Muse, in care of The Keene Sent… posted: September 25 CONFUSION by Lee F. Johnson of Swanzey, NH The stars are slow coming out tonite posted: September 25 THE JOURNEY by Lee F. Johnson of Swanzey, NH Many a path have I taken in this life posted: September 25 Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Cartoons Editorial Be thankful Thursday, and take a break from anxiety Things are seldom as bad as they seem. The Pilgrims taught us that. posted: November 23 rss Columnists Out in Public: Tree lighting events good for a community's soul, by Paul Miller Economic struggles extend beyond 'the poor' Those who vote have more authority to critique Carefully reform — don’t wreck — critical agency rss Letters to the editor Out in Public: Tree lighting events good for a community's soul, by Paul Miller Economic struggles extend beyond 'the poor' Those who vote have more authority to critique Carefully reform — don’t wreck — critical agency Sluggish economy can be jump-started by revamping EPA Trump’s brand of attorney general Indians embrace gratitude over despair Oh please, not another gratitude list Advertise Advertise With Us Online Rate Card Online Rate Card The Keene Sentinel Rate Card Rate Card More Site help About Us Contact Us Parent express Mobile Rss Register Account lookup Send to The Sentinel Classifieds Place Classified Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs (on kscareerfinder.com) Jobs Jobs Place your ad now! Services Services Lessons & Classes (1) - Private Instruction & Tutoring (1) Home Repair & Maintenance (4) - Construction & Remodeling (1) - Other Home Services (1) - Painting & Staining Services (2) Lawn & Garden Services (2) - Snow Removal (1) Other Services (3) Place your ad now! Real Estate for Sale or Rent Real Estate For Sale Or Rent Other (1) Property For Rent (39) - Apartments for Rent (29) - Commercial & Office Space for Rent (3) - Condos & Townhouses for Rent (1) - Homes for Rent (3) - Storage Space for Rent (2) - Vacation Rentals (1) Real Estate (2) - Single-Family Houses (1) - Mobile Homes for Sale (1) Place your ad now! Pets Pets Livestock (1) - Livestock Supplies (1) Other Pets (3) Place your ad now! Property For Rent Property For Rent Apartments for Rent (29) Commercial & Office Space for Rent (3) - Retail Property for rent (3) Condos & Townhouses for Rent (1) Homes for Rent (3) Storage Space for Rent (2) Vacation Rentals (1) Place your ad now! Auctions, Estate & Garage Sales Auctions, Estate & Garage Sales Garage & Yard Sales (1) Place your ad now! Cars & Vehicles Cars & Vehicles Cars (6) - SUVs (3) Heavy Equipment Vehicles (1) Vehicle Parts, Accessories & Storage (1) - Car & Truck Parts & Accessories (1) RVs & Motor Homes (1) Trailers (1) Place your ad now! Community Community Announcements (4) - Celebrations (1) - Legal Announcements (2) - Lost Announcements (1) Place your ad now! Subscribe Home News Big Pharma eyes $7.2 billion down on the farm for superbug risk Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Luke Sharrett / Bloomberg Down on the farm Luke Sharrett / Bloomberg Cows are displayed for sale during an auction at a livestock market in Guthrie, Kentucky. Posted: Monday, August 8, 2016 12:00 pm Big Pharma eyes $7.2 billion down on the farm for superbug risk By Jared S. Hopkins Bloomberg SentinelSource.com A sparkling and sprawling 48,000-square-foot two-story structure, decorated with artwork of animals etched onto interior glass walls, recently opened its doors 23 miles outside Indianapolis with one sole purpose: to keep the globe’s 70 billion farm animals healthy. That increasingly means less reliance on antibiotics for animals. So the new research center, built and operated by Elanco, a unit Eli Lilly & Co., is focused exclusively on developing vaccines as alternatives. It’s all part of a broader effort by the drug industry to join forces with the medical establishment to reduce use of antibiotics, as resistant superbugs become more prevalent in hospitals, nursing homes and other public spaces. Weaning animals from antibiotics in favor of vaccines has become central to that effort. Farm animals are fed about 80 percent of the antibiotics in the U.S., which make their way into the human body. “We see a world where there is less need for shared-use antibiotics,” said Elanco President Jeff Simmons. “There are going to be more alternatives than ever before.” Scientists say there is an intimate link between the health of the planet’s livestock and the human population. An estimated 700,000 people die annually from drug-resistant infections, with millions more falling sick. The prevalent use of antibiotics in animals plays a role in those deaths because they allow super-bugs to flourish. Farmers and ranchers aren’t eager to give up antibiotics because the drugs are cheap and easy to administer. But change is coming as voluntary Food and Drug Administration rules become mandatory in January. Those include prohibiting labels that claim antibiotic use promotes growth and requiring veterinarians to administer most of the drugs. Vets also will oversee drugs that are currently bought over the counter. The deadline has prompted the $30 billion animal-health and drug industry to embark on a campaign to educate agribusiness and farmers that vaccines can do just as credible a job protecting animals. “The companies see that change is going to have to come,” said Laura Rogers, deputy director of the Antibiotic Resistance Action Center at George Washington University in Washington. A 2015 study estimated the global animal-vaccine market will be worth $7.2 billion by 2020, up from $5.5 billion in 2010. Already, about one-third of the industry’s revenue is from vaccines, according to company and industry officials. A summit in Washington, D.C., planned for September will gather drugmakers, government officials and nonprofit groups to discuss antibiotic resistance. Elanco plans to unveil several new vaccines this year and will invest two-thirds of the budget for its food-animal unit in alternatives to antibiotics; vaccines will help the unit outpace the industry’s annual growth rate of 4 percent to 5 percent. The company expects European approval to market Clynav, a DNA vaccine for north Atlantic salmon to fight pancreas diseases. The company is also working on a new vaccine for bovine respiratory disease, said Aaron Schact, Elanco’s research and development chief. Elanco has plenty of company. At New Jersey-based Zoetis Inc., vaccines accounted for almost half the company’s product approvals last year. It received a license in 2013 for Fostera PCV MH, which helps control porcine circovirus and enzootic pneumonia. This year, regulators granted the company a conditional license for its vaccine to help prevent disease caused by avian influenza H5N1 in chickens. Merck Animal Health, also in New Jersey, last year introduced Porcilis Ileitis, a vaccine for bacterial intestinal infections in pigs. And the Merck & Co. units COCCIVAC-B52 vaccine prevents intestinal disease in chickens. Last year, Merck acquired Harrisvaccines Inc., an Iowa-based biotech company that develops vaccines. “The future of our company is heavily grounded in vaccine development,” said Rick Sibbel, a veterinarian who runs the company’s technical services for cattle, poultry and swine. Experts stress vaccines alone won’t resolve antimicrobial resistance problems. Vaccines can’t replace all antibiotics since they effectively treat some diseases but not all. For example, calves transported in groups can develop shipping-fever pneumonia that may require antibiotics. There is no similarly effective vaccine because the cause of the illness isn’t clear, said David Wallinga, a physician with the National Resources Defense Council. That helps explain why chains like McDonald’s and Perdue Farms vow to switch to antibiotic-free poultry but aren’t making similar commitments with their beef or pork. Cattle and pigs also have longer life spans than chickens and change owners more frequently, making antibiotics a more sure bet in eradicating such illnesses as pneumonia and mastitis, a common inflammatory disease. “Animals are still going to get sick,” said Gail Hansen, a veterinarian who has consulted for animal-health companies and public agencies. “What the drug companies are looking at is vaccines that are basically cheaper to give to the animals en masse than to treat them if and when they get sick.” Discuss Print Posted in News on Monday, August 8, 2016 12:00 pm. Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Not you?|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Latest News Videos Submit your news! Submit your news! We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on! Submit news Most Popular Most Popular Stories Jaffrey woman sentenced to prison for sexual relationship with 13-year-old (0) Hinsdale man accused of home improvement fraud (0) Spofford man accused of assault in Keene grocery store parking lot (0) Most Popular Photos Most Popular Videos Sections Home News Sports Entertainment Business Opinion Community Life & Style Photos Videos Online Features Weather Services About Us Contact Us Rack Locations Advertise Place an Ad Subscription Services Submit to the Sentinel Site Index Add Search Toolbar Contact us Submit news, events, letters, etc. SentinelSource.com Phone number: 603-352-1234 E-mail: webmaster@keenesentinel.com Address: 60 West Street Keene, NH 03431 Search Search in: All News Sports Entertainment Life & Style News/obituaries Business Opinion Community Photo Galleries Video © Copyright 2016, SentinelSource.com, Keene, NH. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Menu Menu Welcome! Membership About Morningstar > Logout Login Subscribe Register Premium Site Search Search Symbols Search The Site Join Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Personal Finance Discuss Page No Longer Available We’re sorry, this news item is no longer available on Morningstar.com. We offer news from several external newsfeed providers, and some of those providers require that news items expire from our website after a certain time period. For the latest news, please check Morningstar.com’s news archive or the News & Events section of any security’s quote page. Helpful Links Glossary Privacy Policy Premium User Agreement Free User Agreement Copyright Agreement Discuss Terms of Use Reprints Contact Us Premium Members Have questions about Premium Membership or would like to change/cancel your subscription?   Call us toll-free at 1.866.229.9449 or 1.312.384.3838 if you are calling from outside the U.S. We’re available to assist you Monday through Thursday 7am to 6pm CST and Fridays, 7am to 5pm CST. Corrections  Help  Advertising Opportunities  Licensing  MorningstarAdvisor  Glossary  RSS  Store  Careers  Company Site International Sites Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2015 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Cure for Sick Profits Eludes S&P 500 as Rally Swells Valuations Joseph Ciolli @JoeCiolli More stories by Joseph Ciolli August 8, 2016 — 6:22 AM EDT August 8, 2016 — 4:36 PM EDT Third-quarter to extend earnings contraction to sixth period Energy, industrials have biggest downward profit revisions What's the Number One Warning Sign for Equities? The profit recovery has been pushed back. Again. Even as the S&P 500 Index sits near a record, analyst forecasts just turned negative for a sixth straight quarter for corporate results in the three months ending in September. Steadily falling profits are causing valuations to jump in the benchmark gauge for American equity, which slipped 0.1 percent to 2,180.89 as of 4 p.m. in New York. Analysts tracked by Bloomberg have lowered forecasts by 2.9 percentage points since the end of June and now anticipate profits will contract by 0.6 percent in the third quarter, putting U.S. large-cap stocks on track for the longest profit slump since the financial crisis. Forecasts were cut for nine of the 10 main industries, with prospects for energy and industrial companies worsening the most. “Over time, earnings growth is what we need to see, yet what we’re seeing is more of a treading of water,” said Kevin Caron, a Florham Park, New Jersey-based market strategist and portfolio manager who helps oversee $180 billion at Stifel Nicolaus & Co. “That’s still preferable to a sharp earnings contraction, but it also leaves investors wanting more.” The S&P 500 slipped after closing at a record Friday amid better-than-forecast jobs data, with losses in health-care and consumer shares offsetting a rally among energy producers as crude oil climbed. The gauge held within the narrowest range in three weeks, while 5.9 billion shares traded hands, 16 percent below the three-month average. The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 14.24 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,529.29. The Nasdaq Composite Index decreased 0.2 percent after reaching a record for the first time in a year. Unusual resilience in equity prices and falling earnings have swelled share valuations. The S&P 500 is trading for 20.5 times reported operating income, the highest multiple since 2009 and one of the richest valuations since the dot-com bubble burst. “Global equity valuations appear stretched,” Goldman Sachs Group Inc. strategists wrote in a note Friday. Sluggish global growth has sapped earnings power for companies from Caterpillar Inc. to Exxon Mobil Corp., with a stronger dollar depressing overseas demand at the same time the American economy generates lackluster expansion. While the profit contraction helped keep equities in check for most of the past year, they’ve churned to all-time highs on the prospect of ever more central-bank stimulus. The reduction in earnings forecasts is keeping in form with the current streak of retreating profits, a recovery that has been pushed back every quarter since the middle of last year. Since June 2015, analysts have dropped estimates by an average of 5.3 percentage points between the beginning and end of each quarter. “As long as nothing negative happens to derail the positive from Friday’s jobs report, the market should continue to grind higher,” said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities Inc. in Los Angeles. “The message being sent is that second-quarter earnings and guidance came in better than people thought. As long as world markets continue to be in the state they’re in, the U.S. equity market continues to be the preferred destination for investors.” Start your day with what’s moving markets. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Pursuits The best from Bloomberg on style, food and travel. Without opening 50 tabs. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan Advice nobody tells you about getting ahead at work, school and life. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter With the earnings season nearing completion, about 78 percent of S&P 500 firms that have reported beat profit predictions and 56 percent topped sales projections. Analysts have tempered their estimates on the size of the index’s second-quarter net income decline, to 2.7 percent from a 5.8 percent drop less than a month ago. Walt Disney Co. Macy’s Inc. and Nvidia Corp. are among those reporting this week. The S&P 500 has rallied 19 percent since reaching a 22-month low in February, while the CBOE Volatility Index on Friday posted its longest stretch of weekly declines in almost eight years. The measure of market turbulence known as the VIX rose 1 percent Monday to 11.50, climbing from the lowest since July 2014. Among shares moving on corporate news, Mattress Firm Holding Corp. more than doubled after Steinhoff International Holdings NV agreed to buy the specialty retailer for about $2.4 billion. Allergan Plc fell 2.2 percent, pacing declines in health-care after its quarterly sales were short of analysts’ estimates and the company’s chief executive said the drugmaker isn’t looking at any large deals. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. extended its two-day selloff to 20 percent, the worst in 14 years, after saying Friday its drug Opdivo failed in a lung cancer trial that would’ve been the basis for widely expanding use of the treatment. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now No Evidence of Aloe Vera Found in the Aloe Vera at Wal-Mart, CVS How Apple Lost China to Two Unknown Local Smartphone Makers These Charts Show That Trump Is Bringing the 1990s Back to Markets Tesla Shock Means Global Gasoline Demand Has All But Peaked Siberian Snow Theory Points to an Early and Cold Winter in U.S. Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 6:32am Thu 24 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Big Pharma eyes $7.2 billion down on the farm for superbug risk By Jared S. Hopkins 4:00 PM Monday Aug 8, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Agricultural Services Animal Science Animal Welfare Farming Medicine Pharmaceuticals Science TCN - Rural Health Cows displayed for sale during an auction at the Kentucky-Tennessee Livestock Market. Photo / Luke Sharrett A sparkling and sprawling 48,000-square-foot two-story structure, decorated with artwork of animals etched onto interior glass walls, recently opened its doors 23 miles outside Indianapolis with one sole purpose: to keep the globe's 70 billion farm animals healthy. That increasingly means less reliance on antibiotics for animals. So the new research center, built and operated by Elanco, a unit Eli Lilly & Co, is focused exclusively on developing vaccines as alternatives. It's all part of a broader effort by the drug industry to join forces with the medical establishment to reduce use of antibiotics, as resistant superbugs become more prevalent in hospitals, nursing homes and other public spaces. Weaning animals from antibiotics in favor of vaccines has become central to that effort. Farm animals are fed about 80 per cent of the antibiotics in the US, which make their way into the human body. "We see a world where there is less need for shared-use antibiotics," said Elanco President Jeff Simmons. "There are going to be more alternatives than ever before." Scientists say there is an intimate link between the health of the planet's livestock and the human population. An estimated 700,000 people die annually from drug-resistant infections, with millions more falling sick. The prevalent use of antibiotics in animals plays a role in those deaths because they allow super-bugs to flourish. Farmers and ranchers aren't eager to give up antibiotics because the drugs are cheap and easy to administer. But change is coming as voluntary Food and Drug Administration rules become mandatory in January. Continued below. Related Content China-backed $200m Southland dairy plant plans unveiled Paul Little: The truth is possbily out there Hillary Clinton warning over Trans-Pacific Partnership deal Those include prohibiting labels that claim antibiotic use promotes growth and requiring veterinarians to administer most of the drugs. Vets also will oversee drugs that are currently bought over the counter. The deadline has prompted the $30 billion animal-health and drug industry to embark on a campaign to educate agribusiness and farmers that vaccines can do just as credible a job protecting animals. "The companies see that change is going to have to come," said Laura Rogers, deputy director of the Antibiotic Resistance Action Center at George Washington University in Washington. We see a world with less need for shared-use antibiotics. A 2015 study estimated the global animal-vaccine market will be worth $7.2 billion by 2020, up from $5.5 billion in 2010. Already, about one-third of the industry's revenue is from vaccines, according to company and industry officials. A summit in Washington, D.C, planned for September will gather drugmakers, government officials and nonprofit groups to discuss antibiotic resistance. Elanco plans to unveil several new vaccines this year and will invest two-thirds of the budget for its food-animal unit in alternatives to antibiotics; vaccines will help the unit outpace the industry's annual growth rate of 4 per cent to 5 per cent. The company expects European approval to market Clynav, a DNA vaccine for north Atlantic salmon to fight pancreas diseases. The company is also working on a new vaccine for bovine respiratory disease, said Aaron Schact, Elanco's research and development chief. Elanco has plenty of company. At New Jersey-based Zoetis, vaccines accounted for almost half the company's product approvals last year. It received a license in 2013 for Fostera PCV MH, which helps control porcine circovirus and enzootic pneumonia. The future is heavily grounded in vaccine development. This year, regulators granted the company a conditional license for its vaccine to help prevent disease caused by avian influenza H5N1 in chickens. Merck Animal Health, also in New Jersey, last year introduced Porcilis Ileitis, a vaccine for bacterial intestinal infections in pigs. And the Merck & Co units COCCIVAC-B52 vaccine prevents intestinal disease in chickens. Last year, Merck acquired Harrisvaccines, an Iowa-based biotech company that develops vaccines. "The future of our company is heavily grounded in vaccine development," said Rick Sibbel, a veterinarian who runs the company's technical services for cattle, poultry and swine. Experts stress vaccines alone won't resolve antimicrobial resistance problems. Vaccines can't replace all antibiotics since they effectively treat some diseases but not all. For example, calves transported in groups can develop shipping-fever pneumonia that may require antibiotics. There is no similarly effective vaccine because the cause of the illness isn't clear, said David Wallinga, a physician with the National Resources Defense Council. That helps explain why chains like McDonald's and Perdue Farms vow to switch to antibiotic-free poultry but aren't making similar commitments with their beef or pork. Cattle and pigs also have longer life spans than chickens and change owners more frequently, making antibiotics a more sure bet in eradicating such illnesses as pneumonia and mastitis, a common inflammatory disease. "Animals are still going to get sick," said Gail Hansen, a veterinarian who has consulted for animal-health companies and public agencies. "What the drug companies are looking at is vaccines that are basically cheaper to give to the animals en masse than to treat them if and when they get sick." - Bloomberg. By Jared S. Hopkins Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Whangarei's Pumpkin Patch will close Eight staff at Whangarei's Pumpkin Patch store will lose their jobs as the company's… Hawke's Bay Today Councillors dispute being left in dark on water issue A dispute has broken out over how informed Hawke's Bay Regional councillors were about… Bay of Plenty Times City cyclists want safer routes Cyclists are pushing for major upgrades to Tauranga's cycle network amid fears they are… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Five crucial tips for selling your car Looking to flog your tired jalopy? This week's Thursday Five has you covered... Viva Fun things to do this weekend It's all about shopping and art events for the last weekend of spring True Commercial Auckland CBD building leased to university A nine level Auckland central city office building, that generates annual rent of over… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf04 at 24 Nov 2016 06:32:13 Processing Time: 512ms
Toggle navigation FxPips News Bitcoin News Commodities News Company News CryptoCurrency News Economic Indicators News Forex News Litecoin News Market News Stock Market News Technology News World News Bitcoin Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Reports Technical Analysis Reports Education Trade Setups Forex Brokers Binary Brokers Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Charts Bitcoin eBook Bitcoin News Bitcoin News Widget Bitcoin Technical Analysis Live Charts Signals Calendar / Company News / Market News / News / Stock News / NYSE Most Active Stocks Summary NYSE Most Active Stocks Summary posted by Chris Miranda on August 8, 2016 at 12:57 pm   Bank of America Corporation (BAC) last traded at $15.05, up 0.57 ▲ 3.94 percent on 115,506,390 total shares traded Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) last traded at $63.28, down 12.04 ▼ 15.99 percent on 75,399,515 total shares traded Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) last traded at $63.86, up 6.02 ▲ 10.41 percent on 60,897,990 total shares traded Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK) last traded at $4.89, up 0.24 ▼ 4.68 percent on 50,607,667 total shares traded VEREIT Inc. (VER) last traded at $10.44, down 0.05 ▼ 0.48 percent on 48,351,691 total shares traded Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) last traded at $12.23, down 0.09 ▼ 0.73 percent on 35,097,266 total shares traded Ford Motor Company (F) last traded at $12.19, down 0.11 ▲ 0.91 percent on 30,643,117 total shares traded VALE S.A. (VALE) last traded at $6.02, up 0.10 ▲ 1.69 percent on 28,532,491 total shares traded Citigroup Inc. (C) last traded at $45.72, up 1.88 ▲ 4.29 percent on 28,268,491 total shares traded Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) last traded at $35.44, down 0.29 ▲ 0.83 percent on 26,176,236 total shares traded Whiting Petroleum Corporation (WLL) last traded at $7.64, up 0.17 ▲ 2.28 percent on24,117,619 total shares traded KeyCorp (KEY) last traded at $12.26, up  0.53 ▲ 4.52 percent on 23,438,968 total shares traded Ambev S.A. (ABEV) last traded at $6.03, up 0.17 ▲ 2.90 percent on 22,960,072 total shares traded Barrick Gold Corporation (ABX) last traded at $21.24, down 1.13 ▼ 5.05 percent on 22,914,982 total shares traded About Chris Miranda Chris writes mostly about the latest in the stock market, finance, tech and business. View all posts by Chris Miranda → Top Forex Brokers Top Binary Brokers 1 Trade 24 Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 2 Trading Banks Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 3 NSFX Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 1 OptioNow Real Account Read Reviews 2 Optionrally 24 Real Account Read Reviews Follow Us Newsletter Signup Popular Posts Zcash, the New Cryptocurrency, Makes “Deafening” Entry, Threatens Bitcoin, Ethereum Company Earnings Report, as of Nov. 4, 2016 Metatrader Brokers Spot Trade Source of Wealthy Information Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE SITEMAP PARTNERS © 2016 FxPips.com. All rights reserved. Risk Disclaimer: Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. ×
MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Payers/Managed Markets > PBMs push forward toward outcomes-based pricing, despite challenges Tweet Larry Dobrow August 07, 2016 Features PBMs push forward toward outcomes-based pricing, despite challenges Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print PBMs are increasingly seeking to collaborate with drugmakers to help lower drug costs. Photo credit: e-Magine Art/Creative Commons Fairly or not, much of the progress made in relationships among payers, pharmacy benefit managers, and pharma companies has been drowned out by the noise around drug pricing. It's understandable, given the status of 2016 as a presidential election year (read: yelling about terrible bad things). But the depiction of payers, PBMs, and drugmakers as warring factions is both inaccurate and dated. Dr. Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts, the country's largest PBM, points to his company's annual outcomes klatch as an anecdotal proof point. This year's event set attendance records, both in terms of number of attendees and companies hailing from the world of pharma. “Our relationship with pharma is more substantial than it's ever been,” he says. “Everybody wants sustainability in the marketplace, whether through outcomes- or indication-based reimbursement in oncology or something we don't know yet. It doesn't mean we'll always be on the same page, but we're constantly in dialogue and that's a good place to be.” See also: How is pharma shifting its marketing budgets? Andrew Miller, VP of operations at MeridianRx, a PBM, agrees. “Overall, the relationships are better than you'd think just by reading [the coverage],” he says. “We're all committed to increasing health outcomes and decreasing costs. There's not the philosophical divide that maybe you saw a few years ago.” There are two commonalities in the responses from the two (unrelated) Millers. The first is that everyone appears to be getting along well enough. The second, however, is that even a general inquiry about intra-industry relations prompts a response that touches on the need for outcomes-based pricing. The question that's increasingly being voiced by stakeholders throughout the system: What's taking us so long? It counts as progress that such a concern has risen to the top of so many priority lists. While there's nothing new about the notion of outcomes-driven pricing — Merck gave it a try in the late 1990s, offering refunds to patients and insurers if Zocor (simvastatin) didn't lower LDL cholesterol levels — it is increasingly seen as a potential salve for the industry's doomsday economic scenarios. At the same time, there appears to have been some willful naïveté built in to forecasts that outcomes-driven programs could arrive on the scene sooner rather than later. LOGISTICAL HURDLES APLENTY It probably goes without saying, but for the record: The implementation of a broad outcomes-based pricing scheme is a wildly, almost gratuitously complicated project. In an ideal world, three things must line up for it to work. First, there has to be consensus that a single care pathway is superior to all others. Second, there must be a mechanism to encourage (read: enforce) the use of that optimal approach. And third, there needs to be a way to measure the direct impact of an intervention (for instance, a patient taking a drug for a given period of time). You can go deeper into the weeds, but the challenge of aligning those three necessities is the primary reason why outcomes-based pricing — as well as other savings-minded ideas, like the aforementioned bit about indication-based reimbursement within certain categories — hasn't evolved as quickly as many in the industry would like. It doesn't help, of course, that the healthcare system remains “a work in progress,” perhaps the kindest way to put it from an infrastructure perspective. See also: Express Scripts' Steve Miller takes on drug industry in pricing battle “What we have, in terms of infrastructure, isn't sophisticated enough,” says EY partner Susan Garfield, co-author of the consultancy's recent report A Road Map to Strategic Drug Pricing. She points to any number of small issues that, collectively, have contributed to delays. “You need data systems that can talk to each other. You need tools to help stakeholders come together to share information that documents the impact of different therapies and processes. You need incentives to drive collaboration.” And there's more. How long will evaluation periods for outcome measurement last? What data will be needed — and where will it be housed, and who will have access to it? Indeed, practical realities are impeding progress at least as much as philosophical and financial ones. Express Scripts' Miller believes that most of the important stakeholders know what they don't know, so to speak, but agrees with the gist of Garfield's assessment. “Right now,” he admits, “the systems are just not mature enough to use outcomes as the basis for reimbursement. We're building capacity to get there eventually.” Those enhanced systems, he adds, will need “to truly demonstrate in the real world how valuable, or lacking in value, some products are.” THE PATH FORWARD On the plus side, there's no shortage of creative thinking about ways to nudge the industry forward. Dr. Françoise Simon, professor emerita at Columbia University and senior faculty at Mount Sinai School of Medicine, points to a system soon to be introduced in a handful of European countries that places a premium on the most innovative products. “It's kind of an innovation rating on a scale of one to five,” she explains. “Makers of products that rate high for innovation are going to be allowed to negotiate a premium price. Me-too products are not going to be reimbursed.” Asked if such a system could ever catch on in the U.S., Simon responds, “Probably not anytime soon.” And while she's optimistic about the outcomes era in a bigger-picture sense, Simon notes the headaches experienced in the U.K. during an expansive 10-year study of outcomes-based pricing. “There was a midstream assessment that said, basically, that the data was too hard to get,” she explains, adding that this could bode poorly for outcomes adoption in the U.S. “The U.K. is the size of Texas. That gives you a sense about how big a project this really is.” Steve Miller is the chief medical officer at Express Scripts. Garfield, for her part, believes healthcare stakeholders need to depart from what she calls “the land of 1,000 pilots” and start scaling up those programs and systems that show the most promise. “A lot of people are investing a lot of effort into finding a simple measure to show outcome or impact, but the future is going to be more complex,” she explains. “There's not going to be a binary ‘yes, this worked' or ‘no, this didn't work.'” See also: New cardiovascular drugs raise concerns about pricing, efficacy That's why Garfield hopes players in and around the outcomes debate devote at least some of their attention to narrowing what she calls “the value gap”: the difference between a product's performance in a clinical setting and a real-world one. “It won't always be that a product performs better in the trial. It may perform better in the real world,” she continues. “So what do we need to do in the real world to enable that potential value and perhaps even enhance it? So many of the answers are going to come from experimentation — from this real-world petri dish.” From the August 2016 Issue of MMM » Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Similar Articles Physicians call for value-based drug pricing Oncologist's petition is latest salvo, as drug-pricing issue rises to new prominence Power to the payers: PBMs leave behind a trail of tiers Drugmakers, facing pricing criticism, sell cures in new ads Price fixing: PBMs push for lower prices of PCSK9 inhibitors Related Topics Payers Pricing PBMs Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Payers/Managed Markets Analysts: Payers moving to address MS market as prices rise MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Physicians still rely on medical journals but turn to the web when they have only 10 minutes Five things for pharma marketers to know: Thursday, November 17, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 21, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, November 22, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program The Science and Psychology behind Patient Engagement U.S. marketers spend slightly less on digital engagement with docs than China Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Two new therapies made by Sanofi and Novo Nordisk to compete in crowded diabetes market Paying Lip Service to STEM Isn't Enough The doctor-patient dialogue: As productive as it's ever been or broken? Tweets by @MMMnews Events Weekly MM&M Breaking News MM&M KOL White Paper MM&M News Brief MM&M Sponsored Promotion MM&M Weekly Digest The Splash from MM&M United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Check out what's trending Corporate Pricing Clinical Trial Commercial FDA Election Physicians Pharma Affordable Care Act More in Payers/Managed Markets Power to the payers: PBMs leave behind a ... When drug costs started to soar, PBMs turned to formulary exclusions — and the industry is still feeling the pinch. Why Any Merger is the Last Resort of ... Really? Is this the new healthcare math — the fewer the insurance companies, the greater the competition and the lower the premiums? Health exchanges, Obama administration challenged by recent insurer ... The pull-back of insurance providers has left state-run health exchanges and the Obama administration facing a difficult communications challenge. Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
This Lifesaving Medicine Unleashed a Global Poo Menace Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Donate Subscribe Search Newsletter Magazine Politics Environment Media Crime and Justice Food Guns Dark Money Photos Investigations Podcasts Kevin Drum About Subscribe Donate Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Politics Environment Food Media Crime & Justice Photos Investigations Magazine Subscribe Donate Fight like hell: Read our thoughts on the election—and what we, together, can do next. This Lifesaving Medicine Unleashed a Global Poo Menace It's really piling up. Richard ConniffJuly/August 2016 Issue Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Joohee Yoon To the extent that we think about them at all, people tend to regard dung beetles as entertainment, rolling, tumbling, even somersaulting over massive balls of elephant poop. But the 5,000 or so species at work on every continent except Antarctica are as important as pollinators. Animals unload an estimated 100 billion tons of dung on Earth every day. Just one cow can drop 20 cowpats daily and quickly smother a landscape in manure. By bringing poop back to their underground nests and feeding it to their young, dung beetles not only clear pastureland and reopen it for grazing, but also help to cycle nutrients through the land, aerate soil, disperse seeds, and reduce the output of methane by 40 percent. Dung beetles "can potentially do in 48 hours what would take a couple years" for nature to accomplish without them, a Missouri livestock researcher recently enthused. Studies have valued the services provided by dung beetles to the cattle industry in the United States and the United Kingdom alone at about $910 million a year. But like pollinators, dung beetles are now in trouble. That's partly from habitat loss, as forests and grasslands give way to agriculture. Poachers who kill 33,000 elephants and 1,200-plus rhinos every year also hurt dung beetles, because there's less poop for them to eat. A bigger threat to their survival, though, may come from one of our most successful humanitarian efforts. Ivermectin, an antifilarial drug, is the essential tool in eradicating river blindness from the developing world. It's also the standard treatment for infection by a microfilarial worm that can cause elephantiasis, a grotesque swelling of the lower limbs. Over 30 years, ivermectin, distributed for free for these purposes by Merck & Co., has lifted hundreds of millions of the world's poorest people up from disability and despair. This past fall, the developers of ivermectin earned a share of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. It would be hard to imagine a discovery more worthy of the honor. Ivermectin is also one of the most widely used veterinary drugs and, for many years, it made Merck more than $1 billion a year. Livestock producers all over the world administer it to control liver flukes, eye worms, lungworms, roundworms, mites, horn flies, ticks. In case all this seems remote, it also prevents your dog from getting heartworm and can cure your kids of head lice. But a little-noticed study in the journal Scientific Reports suggests the drug has a major downside: Anywhere from 62 to 98 percent of every dose ends up in "highly toxic concentrations" in the recipient's droppings, where it eventually gets consumed by dung beetles. When that happens, ivermectin can disrupt a dung beetle's ability to use its antennae to communicate, find a mate, or locate food. Even if the dung beetle could find its way, ivermectin also interferes with the movement of muscles in its forelegs. When ivermectin knocks down the population of dung beetles in a cattle field, an extra 312 pounds of dung can pile up on every acre every year. The study links the drug to the decline of seven dung beetle species across the Iberian Peninsula and by implication to similar declines elsewhere. To which anyone who has ever witnessed a person suffering the horrible effects of river blindness or elephantiasis might well reply, "So what?" The answer looms larger than we might think: Ivermectin may be doing to dung beetles what DDT did to birds, what diclofenac did to vultures in India, or what neonicotinoid insecticides are thought to be doing to honeybees, now in decline worldwide. Companies keep finding great products to control one big problem without "thinking downstream at all," said Sacha Spector, an environmental program director at the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation. For instance, said Elizabeth Nichols, a Swarthmore College biologist, a healthy dung beetle population rapidly reduces the standing dung heaps that would otherwise host a variety of disease-causing worms. Anything that impairs that ability can inadvertently increase the number of pests and parasites—and thus the diseases that affect some of the poorest people on Earth. "It's ironic," she said, "when you consider that we blanket large parts of the world with ivermectin" to treat diseases. By one estimate, when ivermectin knocks down the population of dung beetles in a cattle field, an extra 312 pounds of dung pile up on every acre every year. More than a quarter of Earth's ice-free land—nearly 8 billion acres—is now being used to graze livestock, which means the great pileup is happening everywhere. And an extra burden of dung makes fields less productive, driving farmers to clear more land for pasturage. So is there anything to be done? An article last year in Progressive Cattleman advised readers to administer ivermectin in injectable form so less of the drug passes through the animal and onto the field—and to use it only during cooler weather when dung beetles are dormant and there may be fewer cattle in the fields. But in warm climates "there really isn't a good time to do that," said Norm Conrad, an agricultural specialist. He suggests limiting ivermectin treatment in animals to cases where parasitic infections are severe. That could have the added benefit of delaying the spread of ivermectin resistance, which has already begun to appear in some livestock parasites. Researchers are concerned it might also emerge in parasites that plague humans. People with river blindness infections have to take the drug once or twice a year for up to 18 years for a full cure. Widespread resistance to the drug, just as the world is on the brink of eradicating the disease, would be catastrophic. They might not be as easy to romanticize as honeybees or butterflies flitting from flower to flower, but dung beetles rank high among the little things that run the planet. Given the potential effects of losing them, something about ivermectin no longer smells quite right. Get the scoop,  straight from Mother Jones. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Mother Jones is a nonprofit, and stories like this are made possible by readers like you. Donate or subscribe to help fund independent journalism. Related How a Notorious Racist Inspired America’s National Parks Richard Conniff Can Poop Save Us From the Next Global Epidemic? Gabrielle Canon There Is Poop in Basically All Hamburger Meat Tom Philpott Top News Immigration Lawyers Are Advising Their Undocumented Clients to Stay in the Shadows Max J. Rosenthal What Can Be Done About Trump's Conflicts of Interest? That's Up to Congress. Russ Choma Trumpcare Is Likely to Be Costlier, Less Efficient, and More Annoying Than Obamacare Stephanie Mencimer SIGN UP view comments About Us | Store Donate | Subscribe Customer Service Advertise Copyright ©2016 Mother Jones and the Foundation for National Progress. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us We noticed you have an ad blocker on. Support nonprofit investigative reporting by pitching in a few bucks. DONATE X
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Wall Street Jobs' Euphoria Lasts 8/8/2016 6:33 AM ET Trading in the U.S. index futures suggests that stocks may open Monday's session higher. However, weak Chinese trade data released earlier in the global trading session poses risk to the continuation of the rally. Oil is firmer but most other commodities are lower. The dollar is lower against most currencies. Ignoring the trade data from China, the Asian markets closed mostly higher, with financial stocks leading the gains. European stocks are also advancing, with positive German industrial production and eurozone investor confidence data offering some additional support. The domestic earnings and economic news flow is light. As of 6:15 am ET, the Dow futures are rising 38 points, the S&P 500 futures are moving up 4.50 points and the Nasdaq 100 futures are gaining 13 points. U.S. stocks rose in the week ended July 29th, helped by strong data points on the U.S. labor market, with the data allaying all recent concerns about risks facing the global economy. The unfolding week's economic calendar is back-end loaded, with the Commerce Department's retail sales report for July, the Labor Department's report on producer prices for final demand and preliminary results of the University of Michigan's consumer sentiment report for August, all due on Friday and the routinely scheduled weekly jobless claims data due on Thursday being the noteworthy ones. The Commerce Department's wholesale and business inventories reports, both for June, the results of the Treasury auctions of 3-year and 10-year notes and 30-year bond and the Labor Department's preliminary second quarter productivity and costs report and import and export prices report for July round up the economic events of the week. In major corporate news, Mattress Firm (MFRM) announced a deal to be acquired by Steinhoff International for $64 per share in cash or $2.4 billion in total. Merck (MRK) announced that the FDA has approved KEYTRUDA for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum containing chemotherapy. ON Semiconductor (ON) reported better than expected second quarter results and its third quarter revenue guidance is in line. CAI International (CAI), Computer Sciences (CSC), Hertz Global (HTZ), Manitowoc (MTW), Microchip (MCHP), New Corp. (NWS), Rackspace (RAX) and SINA (SINA) are among the companies due to release their quarterly results after the close of trading. The major Asian averages all advanced strongly, led by the Japanese market, reacting to Friday's stellar U.S. jobs report. The markets chose to ignore weak Chinese trade data. The Japanese market rallied strongly, as the yen weakened below above the 102 level against the dollar. The Nikkei 225 average ended up 396.12 points or 2.44 percent at a 1-week high of 16,651. Australia's All Ordinaries hovered in positive territory throughout the session, ending 40.10 points or 0.72 percent higher at 5,626, marking the third straight session of gains. After a weak start and lackluster morning session, as traders digested the trade data, China's Shanghai Composite Index moved decisively higher in the afternoon, ending up 27.58 points or 0.93 percent at 3,004. Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index added 348.67 points or 1.57 percent before ending at 22,495. On the economic front, a report released by the Chinese General Administration of Customs showed that exports from China fell 4.4 percent year-over-year in July following a 4.8 percent drop in June. Economists expected a more modest 3.5 percent drop for the month. On the other hand, imports fell 12.5 percent, steeper than the 7 percent drop expected by economists. As import drop outweighed the decline in exports, the trade surplus swelled to $52.3 billion in July from $48.1 billion in June. The Ministry of Finance of Japan reported that the current account surplus fell to 974.4 billion yen in July from 1.809 trillion yen, while economists expected a surplus of 1.81 trillion yen. Exports fell 9.9 percent year-over-year, while imports fell 20.2 percent. Overall bank lending in Japan rose 2.1 percent year-over-year in July, according to data released by the Bank of Japan. Economists expected a 2 percent increase. Excluding trusts, bank lending was up 2.1 percent. European stocks opened higher and are following up on Friday's U.S.-jobs market induced rally, even as domestic news flow has been light. That said, caution prevails due to weak Chinese trade data. In major corporate news, Air France-KLM reported a 0.6 percent year-over-year fall in traffic, dragged by a cabin crew strike. On the economic front, the results of a survey by Sentix showed that sentiment among eurozone investors improved to 4.2 in August from 1.7 in July, while economists expected a more modest improvement to 3.6. German industrial production recovered in June, data from Destatis showed. Industrial production climbed 0.8 percent month-over-month in June, marking the fastest growth rate in five months. Economists had forecast a 0.9 percent rise for June. The Bank of France said it expects the French economy to grow 0.3 percent sequentially in the third quarter compared to stagnation in the second quarter. The bank's survey showed that confidence among businesses in France rose slightly in July, with the corresponding indicator improving to 98 from 97 in June. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The Worst IPO flops of 2016 Preview: Thanksgiving Week Economic Data Top Ten Corporate Comeback Stories More Commentary -Global Major Averages Remain On Opposite Sides Of Unchanged Line - U.S. Commentary European Markets Finish Mostly Lower Despite Private Sector Growth Stocks Turning In Mixed Performance In Morning Trading - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Open Flat Following Recent Strength - U.S. Commentary Wall Street Set To Open Lower Ahead Of Major Economic Reports Sensex, Nifty Extend Gains For Second Day European Shares Mixed As Oil Prices Retreat FTSE 100 Rises Ahead Of Budget Statement CAC 40 Little Changed Despite Upbeat Data DAX Fluctuates In Early Trade Asian Shares Follow Wall Street Higher European Shares Set To Follow Wall Street Higher Sensex, Nifty Pare Early Gains Asian Markets Mostly Higher Sensex, Nifty Seen Higher At Open <<Previous        71 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Offices Of Samsung, Pension Fund Raided Over Scandal Involving President Infineon Sees Higher FY17 Revenues, Raises Margin View, Despite Weak Q4 Profit Volkswagen Brand Focuses On Electric Cars, US In Transformation Plan Twitter Suspends CEO Jack Dorsey's Account Briefly HP Q4 Profit Meets View - Update What's In The Offing For These Biotech Stocks? Disney Hong Kong Gets $1.4 Bln. Expansion Circuit City Looking To Return Next Year Starbucks Raises Prices On Select Cold Drinks, Baked Goods Kingfisher Q3 Total Sales Climb, B&Q UK & Ireland Weak; Stock Dips Instagram Live Streaming Disappears Like Snapchat Lufthansa Pilots Union Threatens Strike On Wednesday Mid-week Mania In Abbreviated Week - Economic Preview BSTC Finds New Use For Old Drug, FHCO Gets A Boost, SUPN Put On Notice What's That Smell? It's The Ten Worst IPO Flops Of 2016 Sepura Stock Down On H1 Loss; Talks Ongoing With Hytera For Possible Offer What's In The Offing For These Biotech Stocks? Dr Pepper Snapple Group To Acquire Bai Brands In $1.7 Bln Deal - Quick Facts TENX Awaits Data In Jan, GBIM Hit Hard, FDA Says No To SPPI ACOR Fails To Walk The Talk, SNY Gets FDA Nod, New Use For Genmab's Old Drug Volvo Concierge Service Will Fill Up, Wash Car Cyber Monday Sales Seen Soaring Apple To Replace IPhone 6s Batteries Free Of Cost For Unexpected Shutdown Issues Volkswagen To Cut 23,000 Jobs In Germany Sunoco Logistics Partners To Buy Energy Transfer Partners Bunzl In Deal To Buy Two Further Businesses In France, Denmark - Quick Facts Tesla, SolarCity Power Entire Island Amazon Prime Members To Get Exclusive Deals For Voice Shopping With Alexa Cyber Monday Sales Seen Soaring BSTC Finds New Use For Old Drug, FHCO Gets A Boost, SUPN Put On Notice LafargeHolcim Lifts FY18 EBITDA View; Ups Dividend; To Buyback CHF 1 Bln Shares Mitsui To Buy 22% Stake In Panasonic Healthcare For $510 Mln Celyad Reports Strong Cash Runway Until Mid-2019 With EUR 87 Mln At Q3-end Grafton Group To Buy Gunters En Meuser - Quick Facts Bodycote 4- Month Revenues Rise, CER Revenues Down; Backs FY Profit View Electrocomponents Reports Surge In H1 Profit Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Home Subscribe (free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media Info Advertising Info Tweet Articles Blogs Labs Science Reference Reports Videos Radio Infographics Music Cartoons Library RSS Store Search Powered by GoodGopher.com POLITICO editor calls for baseball bat mob attack CNN's HATE banner: Jews are not real people! Zika virus now a mental epidemic of pandemic proportions thanks to mass media hysteria Monday, August 08, 2016 by: S. D. Wells Tags: zika hoax, pandemic, propaganda (NaturalNews) Zika virus does not cause birth defects in human babies. This hoax is now officially debunked. Zika virus was discovered about 70 years ago, and since then, no deformations of human babies have ever been associated with it. Think of zika as the new swine flu, where the CDC is pushing propaganda to scare everyone into an upcoming mass vaccination program that brings in millions of dollars for the biotech, pharma and vaccine industries, including Monsanto, Bayer and most likely Merck. Remember last year when the CDC admitted that the flu shot contained the wrong strains, but told everyone to "get in anyway," just in case? They sold over 200 million shots, filled with mercury, MSG, aluminum and formaldehyde. Here are the facts about zika on a timeline for your educational convenience: 1947: Zika virus is discovered in the Zika forest in Uganda, Africa. An arbovirus of the genus Flavivirus, zika is similar to dengue and yellow fever, and the first human cases are described. Identified outbreaks in Southeast Asia and Oceania follow, and cases in Africa are documented by the early 1960s. 2007: Yap epidemic (an island in Pacific Ocean) documents first large scale epidemic, where three quarters of the local population are infected with zika, but zero birth defects are reported. Genetically modified version of the zika virus is developed by a British biotech company called Oxitec (Oxford Insect Technologies), with funds from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. October, 2009: Beginning of the first outdoor trials of GM transgenic Aedes aegypti mosquitoes on the Caribbean island of Grand Cayman. Genetically engineered mosquitoes allegedly fight the spread of dengue fever, yellow fever, chikungunya and zika virus. June, 2014: Sumitomo Chemical Company, associated with Monsanto, manufactures and releases pyroproxyfen chemical larvicide and weed killer for distribution in Latin America, because Roundup is no longer killing the weeds. Pyroproxyfen produces malformations in mosquitoes. August, 2014: WHO (World Health Organization) recommends spreading deadly poison pyroproxyfen on state drinking water in Brazil to combat mosquito problem, because mosquitoes are breeding in standing water supplies. Massive spreading of pyroproxyfen using planes over poverty-stricken areas ensues. May, 2015: WHO and the Ministry of Health estimate more than 1 million "suspected" cases of zika "virus disease" occurring in Brazil. By the end of 2015: Up to 4,000 children in Pernambuco are born with congenital malformations, including microcephaly (small heads). February, 2016: Physicians in Brazil report benign disease dengue-zika is spreading among the population, and is being transmitted by the Aedes mosquito. March, 2016: Brazilian Ministry of Health jumps to make the assertion that the rise in microcephaly cases in newborns is directly linked to the zika virus. Research reveals (but is buried by mass media) that previous zika epidemics did not cause birth defects in newborns, even though affecting certain countries – like Columbia – at a rate of 75 percent of the population. In fact, there are zero records of microcephaly on record. Brazilian doctors confirm that chemical "control" is not decreasing the number of mosquitoes. Zika virus is detected in 18 of the 26 states in Brazil. The Gates Foundation releases GM "genetically modified" male mosquitoes to breed with females to produce malfunctioning babies that are deformed and can't reproduce. The D.U.M.B. Virus = Deformations (from) Unbelievable Mosquito BitesHere is why you're better off just getting the zika virus than risking taking an experimental vaccine: Zika "disease" is really more of a minor flu, usually accompanied by a low-grade fever, minor joint pain, headache and rash. Some people experience diarrhea, abdominal pain or constipation. Microcephaly was never associated with zika, until the latest hoax spread across the mass media. Remember the swine flu hoax? Millions of people ran out to get the vaccine, only to find out it didn't work, and actually caused horrific side effects. Beware! Population control is being applied across the world, and the main form of "contraception" is delivered by toxic inoculation of teenage girls and pregnant women: from the toxic HPV vaccine, to the hoax swine flu, and soon to mass zika (DUMB) shots for all the terrified, feeble-minded sheeple. What's next, a common cold vaccine? These vaccinations are disguised as infectious disease immunizations, but in reality, they are nothing more than severe health detriment, income for Big Pharma and population control mechanisms, with a goal of immediate population cessation and reduction by the billions. The U.S. government infiltrates with this agenda across the globe, in countries where there are population overloads and where non-white, low income families are the majority, such as in African nations, India, Brazil and inner cities of the United States. Sources for this article include: Reduas.com.ar TheEventChronicle.com NaturalNews.com Bubblear.com NaturalNews.com TruthWiki.org NaturalNews.com Save during our biggest sale of the year. 48 hours only! Plus get free shipping on all orders (within the Contiguous US). Sale Begins 11/25 at 12am CST. Click here to shop now! Search on GoodGopher.com GoodGopher.com is the new search engine for truth seekers. Follow real-time breaking news headlines on Zika hoax at FETCH.news The world of independent media, all in one place. Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on zika hoax US government report recommends blocking popular websites during pandemic flu outbreak Health Ranger launches FREE online pandemic preparedness audio course at BioDefense.com - listen NOW Top ten things you need to do NOW to protect yourself from an uncontrolled Ebola outbreak BMJ investigation exposes Big Pharma as conspirator in WHO pandemic flu scam Seasonal flu vaccines increase risk of pandemic H1N1 flu, stunned scientists discover Why is FEMA conducting a massive pandemic training exercise if there's no risk from Ebola? Ebola vaccine gold rush: Tekmira investors need a full-blown pandemic to really cash in Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/054914_zika_hoax_pandemic_propaganda.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/054914_zika_hoax_pandemic_propaganda.html">Zika virus now a mental epidemic of pandemic proportions thanks to mass media hysteria</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year The REAL FAKE NEWS exposed: '97% of scientists agree on climate change' is an engineered hoax... here's what the media never told you Trump is playing everyone: Of course he's going to prosecute Hillary Clinton... he's just posturing to prevent an Obama pardon Top signs your body is burdened with toxins, and what you can do about it Aspartame now being marketed as natural sweetener, name changed to 'AminoSweet' RED ALERT: The Fukushima-Daiichi water cooling system has FAILED, warns NHK news... 2,544 fuel rods stored there... claims 'no immediate danger' Customers as young as 10 damaged by 'Roundup' weed-killer now suing Monsanto Six dangerous prescription drugs you should think twice before taking Fukushima earthquake strikes Japan... 7.3 mag... tsunami warning, evacuation order issued... citizens ordered to consider 'worst case scenario' Canadian government orders residents to get rid of their old wood-burning stoves or pay thousands of dollars in fines Egg warning: Multistate salmonella outbreak linked to shell eggs Do you know about these vaccine scandals throughout history? EMF exposure is causing insomnia, depression, anxiety, illness and memory loss Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way 291 oil spills were hidden from North Dakota residents - in less than two years! Massive science fraud at Theranos exposed by whistleblower who was viciously threated to stay silent Ten surprising facts you didn't know about Donald Trump and the Health Ranger: Marrying immigrants, fighting for truth and expressing deep compassion for fellow human beings FAKE NEWS: All the networks that reported 'You can keep your doctor' or blamed the DNC email hack on the Russians were knowingly spewing fake news A number of skin problems can be improved with the right vitamins Ten mind-blowing, historic events you will likely witness in the next 100 days Trump Supporters launch Ten surprising facts you didn't know about Donald Trump and the Health Ranger: Marrying immigrants, fighting for truth and expressing deep compassion for fellow human beings The REAL FAKE NEWS exposed: '97% of scientists agree on climate change' is an engineered hoax... here's what the media never told you Over 30,000 scientists say 'Catastrophic Man-Made Global Warming' is a complete hoax and science lie Natural News announces economic boycott of CNN corporate sponsors, including GEICO, WellsFargo, Sprint, Dodge and ETrade GoodGopher.com rapidly rising as the independent search engine for REAL news... all sites penalized by Google are welcomed to get indexed What causes cancer? The five vectors of chemical assault on your health Donald Trump's 7-point healthcare plan Top signs your body is burdened with toxins, and what you can do about it Attention vaccine fanatics: your 'shedders' should stay home from school for 2 weeks after every LIVE virus inoculation Studies on radiation from smart meters show that electromagnetic frequencies disrupt and damage the nervous system Woman dies of sepsis after getting flu shot; CDC claims it as flu death, urges public to get vaccinated FDA-approved drug turns ordinary people into obedient zombies... saps all free will... allows people to be programmed by the media or government... sold as transdermal patch Merrimack College, where liberal professor named list of 'fake news' websites, found to have been DENIED accreditation, warn students... 'Please don't come to this hell hole...' Six dangerous prescription drugs you should think twice before taking While the nation was watching the election, the EPA just approved another toxic herbicide for Monsanto Homeopathic medicine - The do's and don'ts CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Contaminated food from China now entering the U.S. under the 'organic' label Why flu shots are the greatest medical fraud in history 10 Urgent preparedness items you'll need when Trump wins the election next Tuesday THE END GAME closes in on the Clintons as the deep state turns... massive collection of criminally damning evidence about to be revealed that will bring down the Clinton crime family forever MUTINY AT THE FBI: Comey warned by his own agents to indict Clinton or watch the FBI's reputation go down in flames George Soros on tape: Trump will win popular vote in 'landslide,' but Hillary Clinton's electoral victory is already 'a done deal' Ten mind-blowing, historic events you will likely witness in the next 100 days The FBI is going to bring down the DOJ... and America will cheer the agency's heroes as the Clinton crime regime is finally toppled Erik Prince: Hillary emails show everything from pay-for-play to pedophilia, NYPD ready to make arrests TRIGGER WARNING: Why precious college snowflakes will eliminate themselves from the human gene pool at the next natural selection event BREAKING: Racketeering indictment of Hillary Clinton now 'likely' as FOIA for Datto backup device reveals FBI possesses ALL the incriminating emails Podesta email bombshell: Clinton campaign was heavily funded by Monsanto Dementia now striking people in their 40s as mercury from vaccines causes slow, degenerative brain damage After terrorizing America with Zika scaremongering, Washington Post now admits Zika virus doesn't cause brain deformities after all The defeated left turns to HATE: Liberals unleash beatings, death threats and calls for mass murder of Trump supporters Trump Supporters launch Surgeons admit that mammography is outdated and harmful to women ANALYSIS: Chipotle is a victim of corporate sabotage... biotech industry food terrorists are planting e.coli in retaliation for restaurant's anti-GMO menu Canadian government orders residents to get rid of their old wood-burning stoves or pay thousands of dollars in fines Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement What you are not being told about the Zika virus Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes San Bernardino shooting has all the signs of a staged government operation or ISIS terror attack (from what we know so far) Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health 10 health benefits of cucumbers Zika HOAX exposed by South American doctors: Brain deformations caused by larvicide chemical linked to Monsanto; GM mosquitoes a 'total failure' Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Popular on Facebook 61K EVERYTHING IS RIGGED: Medicine, science, elections, the media, money, education, search engines, social media... you are living in a fabricated fairy tale 46K Whole Foods goes ROGUE... partners with Monsanto to kill GMO labeling across America and replace with fake labeling deception... SENATE VOTE PLANNED AS EARLY AS TOMORROW 40K All-out effort to destroy Trump PROVES he's not part of the establishment... NOT an insider... 'Trump' movement has grown way beyond one man's actions or words 38K 10 shocking reasons why Zika virus fear is another fraudulent medical hoax and vaccine industry funding scam 36K Electoral victory for Hillary already LOCKED IN via massive bribery... George Soros admits on video... democracy be damned... THEFT of the presidency already complete 35K 56 examples of outrageously foul, lewd language spewed by Bill and Hillary Clinton over the last three decades 35K Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election 31K CDC forced to reveal documents proving Thimerosal vaccine preservative causes autism 27K The defeat of Hillary Clinton just dealt a devastating blow to Monsanto, Big Pharma and the corrupt vaccine industry 26K Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way 23K Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson just sold out to Big Pharma... says children should be forcibly injected with mercury at gunpoint... claims government 'science' overrides medical freedom 23K VOTERS WARNED: You've already lost America... this election is about taking it back in the last non-violent way possible: At the voting booth 20K Hillary the CHEAT! Clinton caught wearing covert earpiece during last night's debate with Trump... brazen dishonesty on display yet again 20K Facebook goes full ORWELLIAN... now blocking all stories mentioning the keyword phrase 'm-nd-t-ry v-cc-n-t--ns' 19K Staged Zika pandemic was engineered by globalist governments to justify the aerial bombardment of awakening populations with toxic chemicals 18K Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 17K TRUMP MIRACLE... DEPLORABLES TAKE BACK AMERICA... LEFTISTS TOTAL FREAK OUT 17K After terrorizing America with Zika scaremongering, Washington Post now admits Zika virus doesn't cause brain deformities after all NaturalNews.com Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Clove (Syzygium aromaticum), A common Food Spice that offers A Long List of Traditional Uses (Blogs.naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago Mother Nature vs. Patented Drugsone of these was never meant to cure you. Do you know the difference? (Blogs.naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago An egg a day reduces your risk of stroke by 12% (Newstarget.com) Cities in Florida Plan to Block Medical Marijuana Legalization (Newstarget.com) The only immunity given with vaccines is to the manufacturers from paying for damages (Newstarget.com) Egg warning: Multistate salmonella outbreak linked to shell eggs (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
null
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Bristol-Myers Partner Ono Plunges as Drug Fails Trial Natasha Khan natashakhanhk Cynthia Koons CynthiaLKoons August 7, 2016 — 8:37 PM EDT Updated on August 8, 2016 — 4:28 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Ono, Bristol-Myers have partnership to commercialize Opdivo Company says failed trial won’t affect its full-year earnings Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Ono Pharmaceutical Co. plunged in Japan trading after its partner Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. said a drug they worked on jointly failed in a lung cancer trial that would have been the basis for widely expanding use of the treatment. The two companies have a partnership to commercialize the medicine, called Opdivo. Opdivo is approved in lung cancer, though not as a first-line therapy, a large growth opportunity for cancer drugs. Positive results on the drug in the past few years had helped push up both companies’ stock prices. Ono said in a statement Monday that the failed Opdivo trial won’t affect its full-year earnings. Ono shares fell 20 percent to close at 2,881 yen in Monday trading in Tokyo, the biggest drop since October 1990. Bristol-Myers closed in New York trading at 16 percent lower after the announcement Friday, its biggest drop since 2000. Bristol-Myers and Ono had been betting on being a market leader for immunotherapy, targeting drugs that leverage the immune system to attack tumors. Ono has a royalty agreement with Bristol-Myers and rights to sell the drug in Japan and a few other regional markets. The results from the latest trial leave the door open to competition from rivals like Merck & Co., AstraZeneca Plc and Roche Holding AG. Opdivo didn’t meet its primary goal of lengthening progression-free survival in patients with previously untreated advanced non-small cell lung cancer, compared with chemotherapy, Bristol-Myers said in a statement Friday.  “This was surprising for us, because in all clinical trials conducted thus far Opdivo had demonstrated significantly better results than chemotherapy," Nomura Securities Co. analyst Motoya Kohtani wrote in a note dated Aug. 7. Opdivo was first approved in Japan in July 2014 for melanoma, a type of skin cancer. Lowered Estimates Nomura reduced the target price on the stock to 3,800 yen from 6,200 yen. It also cut earnings projections and lowered its projections for peak sales from the drug. There is also likely to be continued pricing pressure from the government and royalties expected from U.S. sales would also be lower, the analyst noted. Bristol-Myers Chief Executive Officer Giovanni Caforio said Friday the company is now focused on combination therapies, which could potentially create a better outcome for the group of patients that don’t get results on drugs like Opdivo alone. Bristol-Myers Squibb has been the leader in the immuno-oncology revolution, with Opdivo and Yervoy drugs on the market for melanoma, lung cancer, Hodgkin’s Lymphoma and renal cancer, Bloomberg Intelligence wrote in June. “Market expectations were high, given Merck had positive data in its own study, though used a stringent patient-eligibility criteria, requiring more than 50 percent of tumor cells to show the PD-L1 biomarker," Bloomberg Intelligence senior industry analyst Asthika Goonewardene wrote on August 6. The failure to meet the primary endpoint in the trial was a "sensational surprise," he said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Cancer Japan Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Hot Topics TSLA AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Uncategorized > 3 Big Stock Charts for Friday: Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY), Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) and Fitbit Inc (FIT) Fast changes for MRK and BMY and a long-term bullish opportunity for FIT By Johnson Research Group  |  Aug 5, 2016, 10:43 am EST     Popular Posts: 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 3 Big Stock Charts: Nvidia Corporation (NVDA), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Consol Energy Inc. (CNX) 3 Big Stock Charts: Target Corporation (TGT), Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (LOW) and Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Recent Posts: 3 Big Stock Charts for Wednesday: Best Buy Co Inc (BBY), Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) and Automatic Data Processing (ADP) 3 Big Stock Charts: Shopify Inc (SHOP), J C Penney Company Inc (JCP) and SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) 3 Big Stock Charts: Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN), Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Tiffany & Co. (TIF) View All Posts Breaking news and a long-term bottom in a fan-favorite stock take the lead on this morning’s Three Big Stock Charts. Just a short time ago, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE:BMY) announced that the trial of their drug named Opdivo did not meet endpoint survival goals. The news has Bristol-Myers shares gapping lower while Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) shares are surging on increased sales implications of Keytruda due to less competition. From the longer view, Fitbit Inc (NYSE:FIT) shares have gained some traction that’s worth taking a closer look. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) As mentioned, Bristol-Myers announced that a trial investigating the use of Opdivo did not meet its primary endpoint of progression-free survival in patients with previously untreated advanced non-small cell lung cancer. The results of the news have Bristol-Myers shares trading around $63, almost 16% lower than last nights close. The gap lower will wipe out 12 months of growth for Bristol-Myers, likely sparking a round of intermediate- and long-term selling as the stock will almost instantly shift from a long-term bull market trend to a bearish trend. This move, like any other fast decline, will also create a short-term oversold signal from Bristol-Myers RSI readings. Traders should watch for this to combine with round-numbered support from the $60 price level to potentially grab the stock for a dead cat bounce that could pocket 5% to 10% after this move, or steer clear of the shares as a new technical trend will need to form in reaction to today’s shake-up. Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) The winner of Bristol-Myers’ bad news is Merck & Co whose drug, Keytruda just lost a key competitor in the market. The results in pre-market trading had Merck shares trading 17% higher. The move higher fortifies a long-term transition that had already been in the works for Merck shares after they spent the last three months transitioning into an intermediate-term bullish trend with its 200-day moving average shifting into an ascending pattern. In addition, today’s move will increase the momentum readings for Merck based on its MACD. Like Bristol-Myers, Merck is likely to see some regression from this short-term move as traders will take the opportunity to close out some large profits. However, due to the impact on long-term fundamentals, any overbought selling should be shallow and limited. In other words, this trend is likely to hold and become even stronger as Merck moves into New High territory. Fitbit Inc (FIT) Traders have been looking for an opportunity to make money on Fitbit on every dip since the stock topped out over $50 and it looks like they’ve got their chance now after bottoming at $12.50. Fitbit shares have spent the last three months trying to build a bottom above $12.50, successfully. Now, the most recent earnings report has given the shares a fundamental driver and even some hope that the company may be eyed as an acquisition target. Priceline Group Inc: Don’t Trust the Post-Earnings Rally in PCLN Stock Fitbit shares are a little overbought right now according to their short-term RSI. However, the trendline improvements are suggesting that there is additional upside for the stock. This week, the 20-day moving average is crossing above the 50-day moving average. In-house we refer to this as a “silver cross.” The last occurrence of this pattern was in April ahead of a 20% rally in shares over a one-month period. As of this writing, the Johnson Research Group did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace 10 Market Predictions for the Rest of 2016 10 Losers That Will Be 2017’s Best Stocks to Buy Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/08/3-big-stock-charts-friday-bristol-myers-squibb-co-bmy-merck-co-inc-mrk-fitbit-inc-fit/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks That Wall Street's Smart Money Likes Right Now 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under Trump 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017-Plus Apple Stock Is Shrugging Off the Trump Slump Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under the Trump Presidency 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017 and Beyond Most Popular Most Commented The 10 Best S&P 500 Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak S&P 500: Enjoy a Rare Thanksgiving Bull Feast! Time for Profit Taking on the Dow Jones Industrial Average Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak Is Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) and SolarCity Corp (SCTY) a Bankruptcy in the Making? iShares Russell 2000 Index (ETF) (IWM): Our Year-End Target Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Archive My Account  Subscribe | Login Nashua-BoireFieldAirport;40.0;http://forecast.weather.gov/images/wtf/small/skc.png;2016-11-23 12:28:39 Home Mobile Newsletters ePrint Weather Obituaries Photos Advertise Subscribe News Local State/New England World/Nation Obituaries Crime Live News Business New Businesses Business People Business Directory Progress - Advertorials Sports Sport Columnist Local High School Kids Basketball Football Baseball Hockey Other National Sports Videos Photos Food & Fun Encore Arts & Entertainment Food & Drink Lottery Telegraph Events NH.life NH Events Opinion Editorials Letters National Columns Local Commentary Reader News Community news Education Charity Military Events Share Home & Family Health Life Sunday Magazine Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Advertise Business Directory NH.life Special Sections Advertiser Media Kit Web Services Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Classified Ads Jobs Homes Yard Sales  ePrint    Help Careers Newsletters Subscriber Services Contact Mobile apps Print  Comments( 0 ) Sunday, August 7, 2016 Stocks rise after strong jobs report By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press NEW YORK - U.S. stocks jumped to record highs Friday after a strong jobs report for the month of July gave investors more confidence that the economy is still growing. Financial and technology stocks soared and investors sold the safe assets they have favored for most of this year. The Labor Department said U.S. employers added 255,000 jobs in July, far more than investors expected and the second straight month of strong gains after shaky reports this spring. Stocks made their biggest gain in almost a month. Banks traded higher as investors anticipated higher interest rates and bigger profits on mortgages and other loans. The Nasdaq composite closed at a record high as tech stocks continued to climb. Consumer companies also made big gains. Investors sold bonds, precious metals, and phone and utility companies, safe investments that soared earlier this year as investors worried about the health of the economy. ... Subscribe or log in to read more  Sign up to continue Print subscriber?    Sign up for Full Access! Please sign up for as low as 36 cents per day to continue viewing our website. Digital subscribers receive Unlimited access to all stories from nashuatelegraph.com on your computer, tablet or smart phone. Access nashuatelegraph.com, view our digital edition or use our Full Access apps. Get more information at nashuatelegraph.com/fullaccess Sign up or Login NEW YORK - U.S. stocks jumped to record highs Friday after a strong jobs report for the month of July gave investors more confidence that the economy is still growing. Financial and technology stocks soared and investors sold the safe assets they have favored for most of this year. The Labor Department said U.S. employers added 255,000 jobs in July, far more than investors expected and the second straight month of strong gains after shaky reports this spring. Stocks made their biggest gain in almost a month. Banks traded higher as investors anticipated higher interest rates and bigger profits on mortgages and other loans. The Nasdaq composite closed at a record high as tech stocks continued to climb. Consumer companies also made big gains. Investors sold bonds, precious metals, and phone and utility companies, safe investments that soared earlier this year as investors worried about the health of the economy. "It looks like the economy is improving, it looks like corporate earnings are on the upswing," said Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist for S&P Capital IQ. That marks a change from earlier this year, he said, when investors worried the U.S. would fall into a recession and tech companies would suffer as businesses cut spending. But tech stocks have come back to lead the market higher over the last few months. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 191.48 points, or 1 percent, to 18,543.53. The Standard & Poor's 500 index climbed 18.62 points, or 0.9 percent, to 2,182.87. The Nasdaq advanced 54.87 points, or 1.1 percent, to 5,221.12. The strong jobs report suggests that Britain's vote to leave the European Union in late June didn't have much effect on hiring plans for U.S. companies. The unemployment rate remained at 4.9 percent and hourly pay continued to rise. The hiring spree follows an even larger surge in June and represents a turnaround from weak job growth in the first half of this year, including disappointing job gains in April and May. Banks rose the most, as higher interest rates boost their profits on lending. Bank of America rose 57 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $15.05 and Citigroup added $1.88, or 4.3 percent, to $45.72. Kate Warne, an investment strategist for Edward Jones, said the report reassured investors but won't vanquish their fears entirely. "With an election where both candidates are likely to talk about how badly the economy is doing and how disappointing growth has been, investors as a whole are more anxious than the job picture would suggest," she said. The Federal Reserve has been saying for months that it intends to raise interest rates if the economy's strength warrants it. July's report provides more evidence the economy is doing well, boosting the chances that interest rates will go up. But Warne said investor views on the economy and the Fed will keep fluctuating. "When the Fed indicates that they're data dependent, that means investors are going to be data dependent as well," she said. Bond prices fell and the yield on the 10-year U.S. Treasury note jumped to 1.59 percent from 1.50 percent. Kraft Heinz, the company behind Oscar Mayer bologna, Jell-O pudding and Velveeta cheese, also traded higher after it reported a larger profit than analysts expected. Its stock picked up $3.25, or 3.8 percent, to $88.79. After Bristol-Myers Squibb said one of its cancer drugs failed in a clinical trial, its stock suffered its biggest slump since 2000. Meanwhile rival drugmaker Merck soared by the most in seven years. Bristol-Myers sank $12.04, or 16 percent, to $63.28 after saying its drug Opdivo did not halt progression of non-small cell lung cancer in the study. Merck makes a drug called Keytruda that also stimulates patients' immune systems to fight lung cancer. The company, which took in $533 million from Keytruda this year, rose $6.02, or 10.4 percent, to $63.86. Merck was the largest gainer among S&P 500 stocks, and Bristol-Myers Squibb took the largest loss. Security software maker FireEye tumbled after it reported weak sales, cut its forecasts and announced job cuts. Its stock plunged $2.02, or 12.1 percent, to $14.73. Rival software firm Symantec disclosed a larger profit and better sales than expected in its fiscal first quarter, and its full-year profit forecast was stronger than expected. Its stock climbed 86 cents, or 4.1 percent, to $21.89. Benchmark U.S. crude slid 13 cents to $41.80 per barrel in New York while Brent crude, used to price international oils, dipped 2 cents to $44.27 a barrel in London. The price of gold fell $23, or 1.7 percent, to $1,344.40 an ounce, its biggest loss since May. Silver fell 63 cents, or 3.1 percent, to $19.82 an ounce. Copper lost 2 cents to $2.15 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline held steady at $1.38 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to $1.32 a gallon. Natural gas fell 6 cents to $2.77 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar rose to 101.75 yen from 101.17 yen and the euro fell to $1.1091 from $1.1127. European stocks also advanced. France's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent and the DAX in Germany advanced 1.4 percent. London's FTSE 100 was 0.8 percent higher. The Shanghai Composite Index shed 0.2 percent and Tokyo's Nikkei 225 was little changed. In South Korea, the Kospi rose 0.9 percent. Top Jobs Contemporary Chrysler • Jeep • Dodge Ram is hiring!! Outside Sales Advertising Top Properties Forest Ridge  Forest Ridge Canterbury Apartments Nashua Technology Park Nashua Office Park Woodlands at Nashua Regency North Condominiums Site Map Local News State & New England Nation & World News Sports Business Obituaries Politics Opinion Home & Family Reader News Encore Lotteries Public Notices Connect With Us News tip Email reporters and edtiors Facebook Twitter Instagram Submit letters Contact Information Advertising Information NIE Sign up for newsletters Subscription Information Privacy Policy/User Agreement 17 Executive Drive, Hudson, NH 03051, (603) 882-2741 © 2016 The Telegraph, All Rights Reserved
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market - U.S. Industry Analysis, Pipeline Assessment, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2012 - 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer Aug 08, 2016, 14:18 ET Share this article LONDON, Aug. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Bacterial conjunctivitis is a commonly encountered eye problem across the world, caused by various bacterial strains such as streptococci, staphylococci, chlamydial, and gonococci organisms. Majority of the cases of bacterial conjunctivitis are self-limited and acute and not a major cause of morbidity. This study provides market analysis for various antibacterial drug classes used for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis. The stakeholders of this study comprise established pharmaceutical companies involved in the commercialization of antibacterial drugs as well as new participants who wish to enter the U.S. market. This market study provides a complete analysis of the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. and helps in identifying various market governing factors. The market overview section provides exhaustive information of the incidence rate of bacterial conjunctivitis, list of API manufacturers, patent challenges, market trends such as drivers, restraints, and growth opportunities that currently control the dynamics of the overall market. The section also recommends and predicts the future conditions of the market. Market strategy tools such as event impact assessment and Porter's Five Forces analysis have also been incorporated in this report to provide balanced analysis about the level of competition within the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. Executive summary provided in the report encapsulates comprehensive insights about every segment considered in this study. Besides, it includes a market snapshot, which offers a glimpse into the current scenario of the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. in terms of current and future market size along cumulative growth rate. Additionally, this study includes a regulatory framework segment wherein the overall regulatory scenario of the U.S. drugs policy has been described. Participant analysis tools such as market share analysis have also been included in the market overview section of the report to deliver a broad spectrum of the overall market scenario in the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. The bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. has been segmented based on various antibacterial drug classes. The market is segmented into major types of antibacterial drugs such as fluoroquinolones, aminoglycosides, macrolides, and others. The fluoroquinolones segment has been sub-segmented into ciprofloxacin, ofloxacin, levofloxacin, moxifloxacin, gatifloxacin, and besifloxacin. Aminoglycosides has been sub-segmented into tobramycin and gentamycin. Macrolides has been divided into erythromycin and azithromycin. The others segment is analyzed cumulatively, considering bacitracin, fusidic acid and ceftriaxone within this class. The market size for the period from 2012 to 2024 has been provided for each of the major drug classes mentioned above in terms of USD million. Along with the market size that were projected considering 2013 as the base year and 2012 as the historical year, the CAGR (%) of each market segment for the forecast period from 2012 to 2018 and 2018 to 2024 have also been provided. The report concludes with detailed profiles of leading players in the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs (antibacterials) market in the U.S. The study profiles the companies in terms of overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, and recent developments. Major organizations profiled in this report include Actavis plc, Akorn, Inc., Bayer AG, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Perrigo Company plc, Pfizer, Inc., Santen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. Additionally, market share analysis that has been provided in context with the major pharmaceuticals operating in the market would help new participants to understand the key business perceptions and frameworks and to identify the specific product lines of the existing companies to establish a strong foothold in the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. The U.S. bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market is segmented as follows: U.S. Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market, by Drug Class Fluoroquinolones Ciprofloxacin Ofloxacin Levofloxacin Moxifloxacin Gatifloxacin Besifloxacin Aminoglycosides Tobramycin Gentamycin Macrolides Erythromycin Azithromycin Others U.S. Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market, Pipeline Assessment Vancomycin Ophthalmic Ointment Early Stage (Phase I and Phase II trials) – Tabular Representation Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4002255/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com   Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bacterial-conjunctivitis-drugs-market---us-industry-analysis-pipeline-assessment-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2012---2024-300310559.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 01:31 ETFacial Recognition Market by Component: Software Tools and... 01:30 ETGlobal Bone Fracture Partnering 2010-2016 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market - U.S. Industry Analysis, Pipeline Assessment, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2012 - 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer Aug 08, 2016, 14:18 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In

Science BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Biotech executives are profiting from insider trading — and it's totally legal Damian Garde, STAT Aug. 8, 2016, 9:54 AM 1,998 facebook linkedin twitter email print Wikimedia Commons A biotech company called Seres Therapeutics got some bad news late last month: Its all-important infectious disease drug failed in a clinical trial, sending its stock price down roughly 70 percent. Investors took a bath. But in the two days before that failure became public, three top Seres executives sold a combined $2.5 million worth of the company’s stock. They made a tidy profit. They avoided nearly $2 million in paper losses. And it was entirely legal. That’s because the executives took advantage of an obscure federal regulation that allows insiders to buy and sell shares as long they set up the trades in advance. In theory, it prevents company leaders from profiting off information not yet made public. But researchers digging through thousands of such trades have shown that they consistently outperform the broader market, suggesting biotech bigwigs might be gaming the system at the expense of everyday investors. “Biotech often has very turbulent events, and whenever you see any type of insider trading around the same time, it just stinks,” said Brad Loncar, an independent biotech investor. “It makes you wonder if the system is fair.” There’s a litany of examples in recent biotech history. Last month, Juno Therapeutics disclosed that three patients died in its lead trial of a novel cancer therapy, forcing it to temporarily pause development and sending its stock price plummeting more than 30 percent. Days before, CEO Hans Bishop sold $4.4 million worth of Juno stock, dodging what would have been more than $1 million in losses. Juno and Bishop declined to comment. A similar story played out when Tetraphase’s lead antibiotic failed last fall, and when Vertex released some disappointing cystic fibrosis data in 2015. Executives at those companies and at Seres also declined to comment. Each insider stock sale, however irksome to investors, was done legally through what’s called a 10b5-1 plan. Some background: It’s against the law for executives to sell shares when they have important company information that isn’t yet known to the public, like the failure of a drug trial. But C-suite dwellers, especially in biotech, get a lot of their compensation in the form of stock, and the Securities and Exchange Commission acknowledges that it would be a bit over the top to make them hang onto it until they quit or get fired. So the SEC came up with a solution in 2000 with the invention of 10b5-1 plans. Under such plans, executives can schedule trades ahead of time, automating them to buy or sell shares either at specific dates or whenever the stock reaches a certain price. But they can only establish the plans when they don’t have any valuable secrets, like right after their company releases its quarterly earnings. If the SEC later comes calling about a suspicious trade, companies have to demonstrate that the plans were set up in good faith. It’s meant to be a tidy mechanism that allows executives to exercise their rights as shareholders without playing an unfair advantage. But either there are exploitable holes in that idea, or executives are remarkably fortunate. How CEOs beat the spread A 2006 study from Stanford University looked at more than 3,000 planned insider trades across all industries and found that executives’ stock sales systematically came just before bad news and right on the heels of good, helping them maximize returns and minimize losses. And if you subtract trades that some executives schedule to be executed at the same time each year, it looks even fishier. A 2012 Harvard University studyexamined two decades of irregularly timed insider trades. Those transactions beat the market by as much as 25 percent each year, researchers found, suggesting insiders have a serious edge over external investors. Those two findings are particularly pertinent in biotech, an industry known for its stock volatility, said Alan Jagolinzer, who authored the Stanford study and is now a professor of finance at the University of Colorado. A company can be completely wiped out by a bad clinical trial and boosted fivefold by a good one; the timing of a trade can swing tens of millions of dollars. So how are executives beating the spread? One possibility, Jagolinzer said, is by taking advantage of a wrinkle in the law: Holders of 10b5-1 plans are allowed to cancel them at any time and for any reason, and they don’t have to disclose that to the public. (They also aren’t required to disclose the existence of their plans ahead of time.) Let’s say a biotech CEO learns that, in two days, her company is going to announce clinical results that will surely boost its stock price. She can’t legally buy up a bunch of the company’s shares right then — that would be the bad kind of insider trading — but she can cancel a scheduled 10b5-1 sale to avoid dumping stock just before its price soars. “That is a strategy that can be technically compliant with the rule,” Jagolinzer said. ‘An easy target’ for criticism Some biotech executives and insiders say concerns about 10b5-1s are overblown. The majority of legal insider trades do nothing to arouse suspicion, said David Sable, a biotech investor at Special Situations Life Sciences Fund. And if there’s ever a whiff of impropriety, “as an investor, you can vote with your portfolio,” Sable said. Ron Renaud, who was CEO of the publicly traded Idenix Pharmaceuticals before Merck bought it in 2014, never used a 10b5-1 plan himself. But many of his colleagues did, he said, and for understandable reasons. They needed cash for tuition bills, house payments, and maybe the odd divorce. Some trades that look suspicious may not be, Renaud said. For instance, investors might bid up a biotech’s stock in the week leading up to an anticipated release of clinical trial data. That could trigger a sale the CEO had long ago set to be executed at a certain share price. If the company announced the next day that the clinical trial had failed, the stock would likely plunge. That would make the executive’s recent stock sale look dubious, but it wasn’t necessarily ill-intentioned, Renaud said. The 10b5-1 plans are “an easy target” for criticism, but in reality, “they’re difficult to game,” he said. Academics who have studied them aren’t so sure. While executives don’t control the winds and rains of clinical trial results, they do have a say in when news gets disclosed. A CEO might choose to time a press release before or after a pre-planned trade, depending on how it will affect the stock price. Companies have four business days to announce important information after they learn it, according to SEC rules, creating a potential window for gamesmanship. That’s why some critics press for more transparency about 10b5-1 plans, including public disclosure when an executive cancels a pre-planned trade. “In the same way they have to disclose trades, they should have to disclose these plans and when they’re terminated,” said Lauren Cohen, a Harvard finance professor who coauthored the 2012 study. A series of fortuitous trades Back to Seres. The company disclosed its clinical failure in a press release before the market opened July 29. CEO Roger Pomerantz and Chief Technology Officer John Aunins executed pre-planned stock sales on July 27, records show, and Chief Medical Officer Michele Trucksis did so the next day. How long did they know about the failed trial before Seres issued its press release? In an emailed statement, the company said it publicized the results “very soon” after receiving them and declined to comment further. The executives’ 10b5-1 plans were set up months before the trial concluded, SEC records show. Similarly, the Juno CEO’s fortuitous trade was scheduled more than three months before the company’s trial was put on hold, according to SEC filings. Juno said it disclosed that hold, which sent stocks plunging, the day after the Food and Drug Administration ordered the trial halted because three patients taking the company’s experimental cancer therapy had died. Other lucrative trades planned in advance include Tetraphase Chief Operating Officer Craig Thompson’s sale of  $440,000 worth of company stock last September, just hours before a bad trial result sent the price down about 70 percent. At Vertex, executives sold more than $4 million in stock in the days before announcing study data  in March of 2015 that would send the highly valued stock down about 6 percent. Both companies declined to comment. While all that may sound suspicious, conspiracies are easier described than actualized, said biotech veteran Michael Gilman, who bought and sold shares through 10b5-1 plans when he was an executive at Biogen. In general, he said, the plans do their job: allowing executives to diversify their holdings and balance risk. “But, you know, I’m sure these things can be squirrelly if someone really wants to be squirrelly with them,” said Gilman, whose last company, Padlock Therapeutics, sold to Bristol-Myers Squibb in April. And biotech’s inherent volatility creates plenty of opportunity for at least the appearance of impropriety compared with other industries, he said. “You look at Procter & Gamble — the stock is not going to be moved by the successful or unsuccessful launch of a new toothpaste or whatever,” Gilman said. Some executives seem to have “a marvelous sense of timing,” said Ira Loss, who covers biotech and pharma stocks at Washington Analysis. “But this is the way the system is.” Read the original article on STAT. Copyright 2016. Follow STAT on Twitter. More from STAT: Rare thunderstorm asthma kills 4 people in Australian city Despite a Lilly flop, Wall Street wags remain bullish on a Biogen Alzheimer’s drug Trump in 30 seconds: Science and medicine in flux Judge: Severely anorexic patient can refuse forced feedings Pharmalot, Pharmalittle: Handful of doctors responsible for high levels of fentanyl prescriptions SEE ALSO: Overdoses from legal drugs are exploding, and a shockingly common practice may be partially to blame DON'T MISS: Bristol-Myers shares bombed after it failed a key study — and its biggest rival is surging NOW WATCH: Here are the main differences between Advil, Tylenol, Aleve, and Aspirin Loading video... More: STAT News Biotech Health Insider Trading Drug Companies facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Biotech executives are profiting from insider trading — and it's totally legal Biotech executives are profiting from insider trading — and it's totally legal A biotech company called Seres Therapeutics got... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Science Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Science Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Stunning setback for Bristol-Myers Squibb lung cancer drug Print Email Susan K. Livio | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Susan K. Livio | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com NJ.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on August 08, 2016 at 11:51 AM, updated August 08, 2016 at 12:00 PM comments In this file photo, Rep. Rush Holt, second from left, meets with Bristol-Myers Squibb scientists, from left, Liang Schweizer, Francis Cuss and William Bullock. An immunotherapy drug for lung cancer failed in a drug trial, the company announced last week. (Robert Bruschini | Bristol-Myers Squibb) TRENTON — The field of immunotherapy research suffered a setback Friday when pharmaceutical giant Bristol-Myers Squibb announced a lung cancer drug had failed a trial testing its success as an alternative treatment to chemotherapy.  The clinical trial was testing the drug Opdivo's success as a first-line immunotherapy drug instead of chemotherapy for patients with advanced lung cancer. But the drug failed to demonstrate it had slowed the progression of the disease, according to The New York Times. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has already approved the drug, Opdivo, to treat metastatic melanoma, or skin cancer that has spread to another part of the body, and small cell lung cancer that has not responded to chemotherapy, according to the company's website. "While today's news...is disappointing, Bristol-Myers Squibb is proud of all that the company has and aims to accomplish with Opdivo," according to a statement the company released Friday. "We are indeed transforming cancer care, and remain committed to bringing the benefit of our medicines to the greatest number of patients across multiple cancers."    Bristol-Myers Squibb announces plans in Lawrence Mark Schoenebaum, a pharmaceutical analyst at the investment firm Evercore ISI called the result "a major surprise – possibly the biggest clinical surprise of my career." Bristol-Myers Squibb, a pioneer in the promising field of immunotherapy, suffered a 14.6 percent decline of its stock value following the announcement, according to Barron's. BMS' rival, Merck stands to gain as a less-aggressive clinical trial for its drug, Keytruda showed success in June. Bristol-Myers Squibb, an international company based in New York, has New Jersey locations in Hopewell, New Brunswick, Plainsboro, Princeton and West Windsor. Immunotherapy is a growing and promising field of scientific research that harnesses the body's natural defenses to fight cancer. Susan K. Livio may be reached at slivio@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter @SusanKLivio. Find NJ.com Politics on Facebook. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. Why STDs are up in N.J., a ranking of all 21 counties A purpose-driven life offers surprising protection against Alzheimer's These 25 hospitals got the top grade in safety ratings MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices

Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse CheckMate Miss Is A Game Changer; Credit Suisse Downgrades Bristol, Upgrades Merck Monica Gerson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 08, 2016 10:12am   Comments Share: Related MRK Vetr Opts To Hold On Merck Despite Biotech Optimism Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvoni: Most Payers Receive Substantial Discounts Off The List Price Dow Hits High, Nasdaq Dips, Dollar Sets New 13-Year Best (Investor's Business Daily) Related BMY Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? The Election Can't Come Soon Enough For Biotechs Calithera Biosciences, Part 2 - TNBC And RCC Catalyst Value Drivers (Seeking Alpha) Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY) announced that the CheckMate-026 [CM-026] Study for Opdivo in non-small cell lung cancer [NSCLC] had missed its primary endpoint. Terming the announcement as “stunning,” Credit Suisse’s Vamil Divan said in a report that CM-026 was being perceived as a game changer and expectations had been high. Limited Near-Term Upside For Bristol Analyst Vamil Divan further wrote that the Study was expected to not only meet the primary endpoint, but potentially some important secondary endpoints as well. He downgraded the rating on Bristol-Myers Squibb from Outperform to Neutral, while reducing the price target from $86 to $63. Related Link: Citi Doesnt' See Merck's Lung Cancer Success Lasting Long “Longer-term impact less clear, but we expect it will take time to see upside for BMY,” Divan wrote. Although the company is pursuing a number of other combination approaches, data from these is currently more limited and “it is more difficult for us to give the company the benefit of doubt at this point until we see more.” Merck To Benefit From Bristol Woes The failure of CM-026 to meet the primary endpoint means that Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) would likely benefit from the immune-oncology (I-O) opportunity. The company’s Keytruda would be “the dominant first mover into the 1L NSCLC setting, at least in the 25-30% of patients whose tumors have >50% expression of PD-L1,” the analyst noted. There could also be “some spillover effect into later lines of therapy,” since physicians may start preferring Keytruda “in 2L/3L for 1-50% expressers (after chemotherapy) if that is what they are using in high expressers in 1L.” Divan upgraded the rating on Merck from Neutral to Outperform, while raising the price target from $62 to $73. The EPS estimates for FY2 and FY3 have been raised from $3.70 to $4.06 and from $4.06 to $4.56, respectively. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for MRK Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Bank of America Upgrades Neutral Buy Sep 2016 Jefferies Maintains Hold Sep 2016 Barclays Maintains Overweight View More Analyst Ratings for MRK View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Biotech Long Ideas Upgrades Downgrades Health Care Price Target Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BMY + MRK) Vetr Opts To Hold On Merck Despite Biotech Optimism Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvoni: Most Payers Receive Substantial Discounts Off The List Price Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election Technical Alert: Merck Reaches $65 And Retreats Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on MRK Trending Recent 1 MDT, ROKA: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 URBN, JACK: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 3 DRYS, LC: LendingClub Has Major Short Squeeze Potential 4 CTSH: Bank Of America Cuts Cognizant's Price Targe... 5 AXON, DE: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-... 6 PANW, CUDA: Palo Alto: This Cybersecurity F... 7 BABA, SCTY: President-Elect Trump... 1 MSFT, HPE: Analyst: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Has 'Zero Chance Of Remaining... 2 URBN: Urban Outfitters Cooks Up A Q3 Miss, Inventory High Going Into Q4 3 GWPH: Concerns Over GW Pharma's Epilepsy Drug-On-Drug Interactio... 4 MGEE, MTW: Mid-Day Market Update: Eli Lilly Tumbles After Alzheim... 5 ITG, TFSL: 8 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Friday,... 6 CSCO, HPE: Expect Hewlett Packard Enterprise Sh... 7 P: Pandora Is Still A Show-Me Story View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Want To Double Your Money In 7 Years? Jim Cramer Explains How Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Edge Lower; Tyson Foods Tops Q3 Expectations
null
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The Market in 5 Minutes: Can The Momentum Continue? Benzinga News Desk     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 08, 2016 9:02am   Comments Share: Below is a tool used by the Benzinga News Desk each trading day -- it's a look at everything happening in the market, in five minutes. Apply for daily AM access by clicking here, or email minutes@benzinga.com. Macro Focus Investors are still flying high from Friday's historic close. On the heels of a stronger-than-expected July jobs report, which saw the Nasdaq Composite and S&P 500 both make their strongest closes ever, major U.S. indices are within shouting distance of all-time highs. S&P 500 Futures hit 2183 in Monday's premarket session, good for an all-time high, while the Dow Jones Industrial Index is just below its all-time high of 186.22 set back in July.  Oil prices continue on a slight rally, with Light Sweet Crude Oil Futures trading slightly higher by about 0.8% in Monday's premarket action. Gold futures have dipped below $1340 for the first time in two weeks, and are trading at around $1337.50.  BZ News Desk Focus Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE: DAL) grounded all flights this morning after its computer systems went down.  A pair of food stocks reported earnings before Monday's opening bell. Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE: TSN) earned $1.21 on $9.403 billion in sales, compared to analyst estimates of $1.05 per share on revenue of $9.33 billion. Dean Foods Co (NYSE: DF) reported second quarter earnings per share of $0.38 vs. a $0.40 estimate, on in-line revenue of $1.85 billion.  After the bell, traders are anticipating earnings from Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (NYSE: HTZ), News Corp (NASDAQ: NWSA) and recent IPO Twilio Inc (NYSE: TWLO).  Other companies due to report this week include Walt Disney Co (NYSE: DIS) and Alibaba Holding, Ltd (NYSE: BABA). Traditional retailers will get their moment as well, with J C Penney Company Inc (NYSE: JCP), Macy's Inc (NYSE: M), Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE: JWN) and Kohl's Corporation (NYSE: KSS) all set to report.  The Labor Market Conditions Index will be released at 10:00 a.m. ET.  Sell-Side's Most Noteworthy Calls Goldman Sachs maintained a Buy on Blackrock, Inc. (NYSE: BLK), and raised their price target to $400. Citigroup downgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE: JPM) to Neutral, and maintained their $65.00 price target. Credit Suisse upgraded Merck & Co, Inc. (NYSE: MRK) to outperform, raising their price target to $73.00.    Deal Talk Vail Resorts, Inc. (NYSE: MTN) and Whistler Blackomb Holdings Inc (TSE: WB) announced a merger Monday morning. Whistler Shareholders will receive C$17.50 and 0.0975 Shares of Vail Stock.  LifeLock Inc (NYSE: LOCK) is said to have hired Evercore Partners in an attempt to fend off Elliott Management, according to sources as reported by Reuters on Friday. LifeLock closed at $16.68 on Friday, up 6%, after trading as high as $17.18. Eni SpA (NYSE: ENI) is said to have reached a deal with Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM) to sell its stake in Mozambique LNG project, according to sources as reported by Reuters on Friday. In The News Thailand approved a new constitution over the weekend. The referendum gives more power to Thailand's military, which took over in a coup in 2014.  Donald Trump is expected to propose a moratorium on economic reforms in a speech to the Detroit Economic Club on Monday. Sources told Bloomberg that the speech will focus on "providing regulatory relief for small businesses." Blogosphere Silicon Valley investor and entrepreneur Blake Krikorian passed away suddenly over the weekend. Krikorian was the founder and CEO of Sling Media, and also served on the board of Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ: AMZN) and was involved with Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT). Trending USO, AGN, HZNP, MFRM, UWTI, KORS, INO, SM, DVAX, CSCO, PTCT, MTN, BMY, EPZM, HD, NVO, LNTH, DAL, TSN (StockTwits) Can You Guess This Chart? Below is a one-year chart. Think you can guess it it with these hints? (Click here for the answer)  This company's founder and CEO resigned in May, and the company was subsequently subpoenad by the Department of Justice. In June they announced a plan to layoff about 12% of their workforce. The stock hit an all-time high of $29.29 in December 2014, just a week after its IPO.  Posted-In: News Previews Trading Ideas Reviews General © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + BABA) Analyst: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Has 'Zero Chance Of Remaining Relevant' Which FANG Stocks Should You Buy In the Trump Era? Holiday Pilot Strike: UPS, FedEx, DHL and Amazon In Play 10 Stocks That Rallied Three Days On Increasing Volume Watch Stocks In Vogue Patterson Companies: Something Sizeable This Way Comes View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on DAL Trending Recent 1 MDT, ROKA: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 URBN, JACK: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 3 DRYS, LC: LendingClub Has Major Short Squeeze Potential 4 CTSH: Bank Of America Cuts Cognizant's Price Targe... 5 AXON, DE: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-... 6 PANW, CUDA: Palo Alto: This Cybersecurity F... 7 BABA, SCTY: President-Elect Trump... 1 MSFT, HPE: Analyst: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Has 'Zero Chance Of Remaining... 2 URBN: Urban Outfitters Cooks Up A Q3 Miss, Inventory High Going Into Q4 3 GWPH: Concerns Over GW Pharma's Epilepsy Drug-On-Drug Interactio... 4 MGEE, MTW: Mid-Day Market Update: Eli Lilly Tumbles After Alzheim... 5 ITG, TFSL: 8 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Friday,... 6 CSCO, HPE: Expect Hewlett Packard Enterprise Sh... 7 P: Pandora Is Still A Show-Me Story View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Citigroup Downgrades JPMorgan To Neutral Benzinga's Top Upgrades
menLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Greater Manchester News UK News Celebs News Opinion Health Nostalgia Education Politics Crime Motors World NewsExpand What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Theatre Shopping Travel CompetitionsExpand Man City Man Utd Sport Latest Sport Football Manchester City Manchester United Boxing Rugby League Rugby Union Cricket Basketball Other Sport Fantasy FootballExpand Celebs Business Latest Business Property Professionals SMEs Enterprise Innovation MediaExpand Property In Your Area Bolton Bury Manchester Manchester City Centre Oldham Rochdale Salford Stockport Tameside Trafford Wigan See all locationsExpand Sign inSign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices BuySell Dating Book an Ad Public Notices Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 M.E.N Media Home Business Media James Halstead Business Nanoco upbeat about further growth Nanoco revealed revenues and year-end cash levels were in line with expectations, with a larger royalty paid by key partner Dow Chemical.  Share ByShelina Begum 08:00, 8 AUG 2016 Updated12:30, 8 AUG 2016 Business  Share Get business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Nanoco, the maker of cadmium-free quantum dots for TVs and other display screens, has been upbeat on its latest trading figures. In a stock market update, Nanoco revealed revenues and year-end cash levels were in line with expectations, with a larger royalty paid by key partner Dow Chemical. Unaudited revenues in the year to 31 July were £1.9m, down 5 per cent on the last full year, which is an improvement on the 80 per cent decline in the first half of the year. The balance sheet showed unaudited net cash of £14.4m at the year end, down from £18.3m over the last six months. It comes after Nanoco ended an exclusive arrangement to supply The Dow Chemical Company with quantum-dots, the group’s main products which are a key components used in the manufacture of certain ultra-high definition televisions and monitors. The company continues to work with Dow on a non-exclusive basis and, according to Nanoco, the new strategy has allowed it to open up additional routes to market. Read More Market updates: Nanoco Group and James Halstead This has been further boosted by a substantial improvement in production processes, it added. Since moving to the non-exclusive commercialisation strategy, Nanoco has signed a supply and licence agreement with Wah Hong Industrial Corporation of Taiwan, a major licensing agreement with Germany’s Merck, and said it continues to evaluate other potential commercial opportunities in the display sector, as well as its other target markets of lighting, life sciences and solar. The company said it continues to evaluate other potential commercial opportunities in the display sector. In a statement, Nanoco said: “Whilst the display sector was the primary focus of the company during the year, the company continued to progress its other target markets: lighting, life sciences and solar. “Highlights in these markets during the year included the signing of a further joint development agreement with Osram in general lighting and the formation of a life sciences division at Nanoco to pursue opportunities in the medical devices and diagnostics markets.” Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business Newsletter Follow @MENBusinessDesk Subscribe to our Business newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On James Halstead Nanoco business all Most Read Most Recent Business NewsAutumn Statement: Chancellor unveils measure to keep 'Britain open for Business' Greater Manchester business leaders have welcomed a ‘cautious but optimistic’ Autumn Statement. Northern PowerhouseAutumn Statement: is £1bn digital infrastructure investment enough? While some businesses welcomed the Chancellor's spotlight on the increasingly digital world others felt the investment was not enough. Business News251 jobs lost as Hewden goes bust The Manchester-based rental company said in October that it had been impacted by the uncertainty around Brexit. Daisy GroupDaisy makes £165m swoop for rival telecoms group The AIM quoted telecoms software group will be Daisy’s third recent acquisition. The Trafford CentreTrafford Centre and Manchester Arndale owner says jury is still out on Black Friday The survey of 2,000 British shoppers found that 39 per cent will avoid discount hunting on Black Friday while it has failed to make any impact at all with nearly one in 10 Business NewsAutumn Statement: Chancellor unveils measure to keep 'Britain open for Business' Greater Manchester business leaders have welcomed a ‘cautious but optimistic’ Autumn Statement. Northern PowerhouseAutumn Statement: is £1bn digital infrastructure investment enough? While some businesses welcomed the Chancellor's spotlight on the increasingly digital world others felt the investment was not enough. The Trafford CentreTrafford Centre and Manchester Arndale owner says jury is still out on Black Friday The survey of 2,000 British shoppers found that 39 per cent will avoid discount hunting on Black Friday while it has failed to make any impact at all with nearly one in 10 Business NewsalldayPA launches app A specialist in the outsourced telecommunications industry, the Manchester-based firm has invested £250,000 in the virtual office portal and app PoliticsAutumn Statement 2016 recap - What does it mean for Greater Manchester? Recap of live coverage as Chancellor Philip Hammond delivered his first - and last - Autumn Statement Most Read Most Recent WythenshaweDavid Hardy fined £900 for assaulting five-day-old baby in Tesco Mr Hardy had claimed he thought the baby was a doll OldhamRochdale Road in Royton closed after huge sinkhole appears in middle of carriageway It comes just after flooding caused by heavy rain Manchester United Transfer NewsManchester United manager Mourinho reacts to Messi transfer talk Man Utd manager Jose Mourinho has been speaking to the press ahead of Feyenoord's visit to Old Trafford on Thursday. Manchester United Transfer NewsManchester United news and transfer rumours LIVE Jose Mourinho press conference updates Man Utd can take a giant step towards qualification for the last 32 of the Europa League with a win over second placed Feyenoord. Manchester United fixturesManchester United training squad vs Feyenoord confirmed Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho hinted at his Europa League squad for the fixture vs Feyenoord on Wednesday. Lancashire CCCAshley Giles: Warwickshire keen on Lancashire boss returning to Edgbaston Glen Chapple an obvious replacement if Lancashire CCC head coach decides on move back to Midlands Eric BaillyManchester United set for ANOTHER defensive blow Man Utd boss has seen his first choice defence decimated by injuries already this season. FestivalsManchester's first rum festival is coming to town With live Caribbean music, a rum brunch and 40 different rums to try Manchester City CentreManchester council hits back in row over homeless people's belongings 'thrown in bin' Manchester council says the items had been abandoned and that staff received a 'torrent of abuse' I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of HereCelebs look glam at the launch of I'm A Celebrity star Vicky Pattison's new hair extension range While Vicky is in Australia celebs including Coronation Street star Katie McGlynn attended her launch back in Manchester Top Stories NHSWhat report? How denial and procrastination almost stopped us seeing a shameful report into maternity care It started with a tip from a whistleblower and ended with the Trust being forced to hand over the report           Manchester City CentreCouncil hits back in row over homeless people's belongings 'thrown in bin' Manchester council says the items had been abandoned and that staff received a 'torrent of abuse' ManchesterShots fired in daylight gang brawl in Harpurhey A van was rammed into a car before the gangs exchanged gunfire in the middle of a residential street WythenshaweDavid Hardy fined £900 for assaulting five-day-old baby in Tesco Mr Hardy had claimed he thought the baby was a doll Old TraffordWatch: Incredible video of football fans hiding overnight in Old Trafford Yousof Ahmadi, who pulled off the stunt with Kyle Morgan-Williams, hid in the toilets before United faced Arsenal ManchesterHazardous response fire and ambulance teams at chemical leak in Heineken brewery Crews were called to Denmark Road in Hulme at 10.12am on Wednesday to reports of a chemical leak OldhamBreaking news: Road closed after huge sinkhole appears in middle of carriageway It comes just after flooding caused by heavy rain HomelessnessStudent's generous gesture of sleeping bags for homeless sleepers The MMU student got together a group of friends and headed out into the city centre to give them out Business NewsChancellor unveils measure to keep 'Britain open for Business' Greater Manchester business leaders have welcomed a ‘cautious but optimistic’ Autumn Statement. Greater Manchester PoliceRaiders posing as pizza delivery men tried to rob elderly couple The two men barged into the house when the husband explained they hadn't ordered anything ManchesterJewel thieves jump from speeding getaway van after chaotic motorway chase The men, from Manchester and Salford, have been sentenced to a combined total of 30 years in prison Jo CoxNeo-nazi Thomas Mair given whole life sentence for murder of MP Jo Cox The Batley and Spen MP was killed outside her constituency surgery a week before the EU referendum earlier this year News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 M.E.N Media This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share DVAX To Face FDA Panel, BMY's Opdivo Disappoints, MRK Scores Big With FDA Nod 8/7/2016 9:55 PM ET Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc. (AUPH), (AUP.TO) awaits an important catalyst this month. The company's phase 2b trial evaluating Voclosporin therapy against placebo to achieve remission in patients with lupus nephritis, dubbed AURA-LV, is underway - with the primary end-point results slated to be released prior to the end of August, 2016. AUPH closed Friday's trading at $3.60, up 2.86%. Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (BMY) dropped over 15% on Friday as the company's cancer drug Opdivo as monotherapy in treatment-naïve patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer failed to meet its primary endpoint. The primary endpoint of the trial CheckMate -026 was progression-free survival in patients with previously untreated advanced non-small cell lung cancer whose tumors expressed PD-L1 at = 5%. Opdivo received its first FDA approval in December 2014 for the indication of unresectable (cannot be removed by surgery) or metastatic (advanced) melanoma which no longer responds to other drugs. The FDA expanded the approved use of Opdivo as a single agent to treat lung cancer in March 2015; in combination with Yervoy to treat BRAF V600 wild-type unresectable or metastatic melanoma and as a single agent to treat advanced lung cancer in October 2015; as a single agent to treat advanced renal cell carcinoma, a form of kidney cancer, and as a single agent to treat BRAF V600 wild-type unresectable or metastatic melanoma in November 2015, and combination with Yervoy to treat BRAF V600 wild-type and BRAF V600 mutation-positive unresectable or metastatic melanoma in January 2016, and for the treatment of patients with classical Hodgkin lymphoma who have relapsed or progressed after prior therapies like autologous stem cell transplant and Seattle Genetics' Adcetris in May 2016. Opdivo generated global sales of $942 million in 2015. BMY closed Friday's trading at $63.28, down 15.99%. Dynavax Technologies Corp.'s (DVAX) Biologics License Application for HEPLISAV-B is all set to be reviewed by an FDA panel on November 16, 2016. HEPLISAV-B is the company's vaccine candidate for immunization against infection caused by all known subtypes of hepatitis B virus in adults ages 18 years of age and older. The FDA's final decision on HEPLISAV-B is set for December 15, 2016. DVAX closed Friday's trading 4.89% higher at $16.73. Merck's (MRK) cancer drug KEYTRUDA has been granted accelerated approval in the expanded indication for treating patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. The approval is based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval depends upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is already approved for the treatment of metastatic melanoma and metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. The drug generated global sales of $566 million in 2015 - the first full year on market. MRK touched a new 52-week high of $64 on Friday, before closing the day's trading at $63.86, up 10.41%. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Worst IPO flops of 2016 Preview: Thanksgiving Week Economic Data Top Ten Corporate Comeback Stories More Top Stories Voters At Odds With Trump On Several Key Issues Major Averages Remain On Opposite Sides Of Unchanged Line - U.S. Commentary H.J. Heinz Recalls 5K Pounds Of Bistro Au Jus Gravy Products Study: Teens Can't Tell Fake News From Real News Stocks Turning In Mixed Performance In Morning Trading - U.S. Commentary Airbnb Drops Suit Against New York U.S. Consumer Sentiment Improves More The Previously Estimated In November U.S. New Home Sales Drop Much More Than Expected In October Hammond Cuts U.K. 2017 Growth Forecast, Abandons 2020 Budget Surplus Goal U.S. Durable Goods Orders Spike Amid Jump In Demand For Commercial Aircraft U.S. Court Blocks Labor Department's New Overtime Rule Government Gives Up Bank Of America 'Hustle' Case Nikki Haley To Be New US Ambassador To UN U.S. Weekly Jobless Claims Rebound From Four-Decade Low Stocks May Open Flat Following Recent Strength - U.S. Commentary <<Previous        86 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Merck: Researchers To Provide More 30 Than Data Presentations At ID Week Merck Q3 Profit Rises; Lifts 2016 Outlook Merck & Co Q3 16 Earnings Conference Call At 8:00 AM ET Merck & Co Inc. Reports 10% Increase In Q3 Profit INO Slips On Clinical Hold, MRK Gets FDA Nod, Be All Ears For AKAO Trade MRK now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Offices Of Samsung, Pension Fund Raided Over Scandal Involving President Infineon Sees Higher FY17 Revenues, Raises Margin View, Despite Weak Q4 Profit Volkswagen Brand Focuses On Electric Cars, US In Transformation Plan Twitter Suspends CEO Jack Dorsey's Account Briefly HP Q4 Profit Meets View - Update What's In The Offing For These Biotech Stocks? Disney Hong Kong Gets $1.4 Bln. Expansion Circuit City Looking To Return Next Year Starbucks Raises Prices On Select Cold Drinks, Baked Goods Kingfisher Q3 Total Sales Climb, B&Q UK & Ireland Weak; Stock Dips Instagram Live Streaming Disappears Like Snapchat Lufthansa Pilots Union Threatens Strike On Wednesday Mid-week Mania In Abbreviated Week - Economic Preview BSTC Finds New Use For Old Drug, FHCO Gets A Boost, SUPN Put On Notice What's That Smell? It's The Ten Worst IPO Flops Of 2016 Sepura Stock Down On H1 Loss; Talks Ongoing With Hytera For Possible Offer What's In The Offing For These Biotech Stocks? Dr Pepper Snapple Group To Acquire Bai Brands In $1.7 Bln Deal - Quick Facts TENX Awaits Data In Jan, GBIM Hit Hard, FDA Says No To SPPI ACOR Fails To Walk The Talk, SNY Gets FDA Nod, New Use For Genmab's Old Drug Volvo Concierge Service Will Fill Up, Wash Car Cyber Monday Sales Seen Soaring Apple To Replace IPhone 6s Batteries Free Of Cost For Unexpected Shutdown Issues Volkswagen To Cut 23,000 Jobs In Germany Sunoco Logistics Partners To Buy Energy Transfer Partners Bunzl In Deal To Buy Two Further Businesses In France, Denmark - Quick Facts Tesla, SolarCity Power Entire Island Amazon Prime Members To Get Exclusive Deals For Voice Shopping With Alexa Cyber Monday Sales Seen Soaring BSTC Finds New Use For Old Drug, FHCO Gets A Boost, SUPN Put On Notice LafargeHolcim Lifts FY18 EBITDA View; Ups Dividend; To Buyback CHF 1 Bln Shares Mitsui To Buy 22% Stake In Panasonic Healthcare For $510 Mln Celyad Reports Strong Cash Runway Until Mid-2019 With EUR 87 Mln At Q3-end Grafton Group To Buy Gunters En Meuser - Quick Facts Bodycote 4- Month Revenues Rise, CER Revenues Down; Backs FY Profit View Electrocomponents Reports Surge In H1 Profit Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Researchmoz Global Pvt.Ltd Tweet   At a CAGR of 5.4%, Global Medicinal Feed Additives Market 2016-2020 Key Players and Emerging Growth Report Researchmoz.us adds "Global Medicinal Feed Additives Market 2016-2020" Opportunities, Challenges and Forecasts report in its store and an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts.   Market Research Report (EMAILWIRE.COM, August 07, 2016 ) Global Medicinal Feed Additives Market 2016-2020 Size and Share Published in 2016-02-03 Available for US$ 2500 at Researchmoz.us Description Medicinal feed additives contain veterinary medicines and other nutritive supplements and are added to animal feed. Consumers and animal farmers use these products as an effective way to administer medicines to animals. These products comprise of essential vitamins, minerals, trace elements, anti-oxidants, antibiotics, vaccines, preservatives, and other related ingredients. They help prevent diseases among livestock, maintain animal health, and promote growth and feed efficiency. Technavios analysts forecast the global medicinal feed additives market to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% during the period 2016-2020. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global medicinal feed additives market for 2016-2020. The report presents the vendor landscape and a corresponding detailed analysis of the top six vendors operating in the market. In addition, the report discusses the major drivers influencing the market growth and the challenges faced by vendors and the market as a whole. The market is divided into the following segments based on type: Amino acids Antibiotics Vitamins Antioxidants Feed enzymes others Get a Free Sample Copy of the Report: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=560931 Technavio's report, Global Medicinal Feed Additives Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors BASF Bayer Healthcare Cargill Evonik Industries Merck Zoetis Other prominent vendors Adisseo Aliphos Champrix Charoen Pokphand Eli Lilly (Elanco) NuWest Milling Purina Animal Nutrition Wuhan Pharma Chemical Westway Feed Products Market driver Increase in animal epidemics For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Incorrect dosage of veterinary medicines For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Implementation of medicated feed manufacturing compliance programs For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analysts time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Inquiry on this report: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=560931 Table of Content PART 01: Executive summary Highlights PART 02: Scope of the report Market overview Top-vendor offerings PART 03: Market research methodology Research methodology Economic indicators PART 04: Introduction Key market highlights PART 05: Market landscape Market overview Market size and forecast Five forces analysis PART 06: Global macroeconomic outlook Global livestock demographics Global meat consumption pattern Global animal feed market Global animal healthcare market Browse All Pharmaceutical Market Research Reports at: http://www.researchmoz.us/pharmaceutical-market-reports-38.html About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the worlds fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. Contact Us: ResearchMoz Mr. Nachiket Ghumare, +1-518-621-2074 USA-Canada Toll Free: 866-997-4948 sales@researchmoz.us <||>rnhttp://www.researchmoz.us/ Contact Information: Researchmoz Global Pvt.Ltd Researchmoz Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Wednesday | November 23, 2016 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Nov 23, 09:58 pm Coo roo-c'too-coo: A cloak-and-dagger pigeon Nov 23, 09:53 pm CPEC investment soars to $55bn after new Chinese loan Nov 23, 09:37 pm Bahrain sentences six to life in prison for attempted police bombing Nov 23, 09:17 pm Dubai drops case against UK woman charged after reporting rape Nov 23, 09:06 pm New Zealand eye first Pakistan series win in decades Nov 23, 08:41 pm Indian police arrest 11 people for trafficking babies in biscuit boxes Nov 23, 08:37 pm Army chief visits Karachi as part of farewell visits Nov 23, 07:35 pm Tunisia confirms US drones over Libyan border monitor Islamic State   US stocks end at records after strong jobs report August 07, 2016 SHARE : AFP Tweet NEW YORK - A strong US jobs report lifted Wall Street stocks to fresh records late Friday and helped propel European equities higher. Both the broad-based S&P 500 and the tech-rich Nasdaq finished at all-time highs after the Labor Department reported a big gain in jobs in July and upgraded employment estimates for the prior two months. Each of the major US indices rose about one percent including the Dow, which ended only 12 points away from a record of its own. "The US economy may not be going gangbusters but it remains the best equity alternative of any worldwide index," said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities. "The most important takeaway from a better jobs report is an indication of a continued grind higher in the US economy." Meanwhile, the London stock market rose 0.8 percent to above 6,800 for the first time in 14 months, as European equities built on earlier gains seen after the Bank of England Thursday announced an interest rate cut and surprise stimulus in response to the British vote to leave the European Union. Paris and Frankfurt both rose about 1.5 percent. The Labor Department said the US economy added 255,000 jobs in July, easily topping the analyst forecast for an increase of 185,000 payrolls. It also reported growth in hourly wages, a weak point in some earlier reports that have shown employment growth. The strong report helped markets shrug off some lackluster US data of late, including a report a week ago that estimated second-quarter growth at just 1.2 percent. "This was good economic data, replete with strong and relatively broad-based job growth, higher wage growth and an increase in the average workweek," said Briefing.com analyst Patrick O'Hare. "The economy does appear to be stable and on a slightly more upwards trajectory," said David Levy, portfolio manager at Republic Wealth Advisors. The jobs report also boosts the odds of a Federal Reserve interest rate increase this year, but probably not before December, analysts said. That expectation accentuated movements in the foreign exchange market following the British monetary stimulus, boosting the dollar at the expense of the euro and the pound. "Hotter than expected wage growth was really the icing on the cake of the very strong data, which has pushed up the odds of the Fed raising lending rates in the months ahead," said Omer Esiner of Commonwealth Foreign Exchange. Banking shares rallied on expectations of higher US interest rates. JPMorgan Chase gained 2.7 percent, Bank of American 3.9 percent and Citigroup 4.3 percent. Technology shares were also generally higher, with Dow members Apple and IBM climbing 1.5 percent and 1.2 percent, respectively. Bristol-Myers Squibb plunged 16.0 percent after announcing that a clinical trial of its Opdivo drug to treat lung cancer failed. The news boosted Dow member Merck, which has a competing drug, pushing shares up a hefty 10.4 percent. Meanwhile, the euro and the British pound fell against the dollar late Friday as stronger-than-expected employment numbers in the United States rallied markets and raised expectations of a US interest rate hike later this year. Towards 1800 GMT, the euro was down against the dollar at $1.1096 versus $1.1131 at 2100 GMT the day before. The pound also fell to $1.3086 from $1.3114 in over the same period. The US Labor Department on Friday said American private and public sector employers had added more than a quarter of a million jobs, beating analyst expectations and helping confirm a robust, upward trend in labor markets. Employment numbers are one factor examined by monetary policy makers in deciding whether to increase key interest rates, which can help drive demand for US currency. "Overall the dollar remains stronger. It will reman supported on the near term following stronger than expected US employment data," said Eric Viloria of Wells Fargo. "The details of the reports overall were solid, including the number of payrolls added, the average hourly earnings," he added. "Unemployment rate was steady but there is an increase in participation, so the report was seen as supportive for the US dollar and an eventual resumption of Fed rates interest hikes later this year. We think December is likely." Tweet More by AFP RELATED NEWS October 09, 2016 US stocks dip following mixed Sept jobs report January 10, 2016 US stocks end lower despite good jobs report July 16, 2013 Biggest liar Ganga Samjhota Parliament Bombay and many more Guinness Book of records Biggest ... June 28, 2008 Global stocks slide as oil prices rocket to records MORE IN BUSINESS November 23, 2016, 9:53 pm CPEC investment soars to $55bn after new Chinese loan November 23, 2016 Amnesty scheme for realtors okayed November 23, 2016 Saudi Arabia to give two-year multiple visa to Pakistani businessmen: FPCCI November 23, 2016 Canals closure in Punjab, Sindh from Dec 26 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented "You’re transgender, how can you be raped?’ they ask ... Pakistan-Ukraine reach agreement for upgradation of Al ... Pakistan’s debt profile 7 things that define the life of a woman in Pakistan Pakistan’s debt profile Seeking The Spotlight PPP MNA pushes for ‘big raise’ in MPs salaries PML-N to reshape media strategy to counter PTI onslaught LATEST COMMENTS neutral The only thing I could understand and concerned is " Where is all that money going" ? The only outcome is suffering for the common man. neutral Agree with the Editorial, specially the last para. The one sitting across the Arabian Sea is dictating and mis-leading the political Jamhoora. Good enough to be ignored. neutral Also previously it was demanded to increase the salaries of the NON-performing legislators by 500% - which was differed like says the report. It was also reported in media that 50% members have not op... More On Page 9 ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS neutral The only thing I could understand and concerned is " Where is all that money going" ? The only outcome is suffering for the common man. neutral Agree with the Editorial, specially the last para. The one sitting across the Arabian Sea is dictating and mis-leading the political Jamhoora. Good enough to be ignored. neutral Also previously it was demanded to increase the salaries of the NON-performing legislators by 500% - which was differed like says the report. It was also reported in media that 50% members have not op... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2016, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse After Roaring To New Highs on Jobs Data, Market Faces Retail Sales, Job Openings The Ticker Tape , TD Ameritrade   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 08, 2016 10:42am   Comments Share: What’s the next act after Friday’s July jobs report blew away expectations and lifted stocks to new highs? Retail sales for one, and several other reports of note are also on tap. But before that, investors may want to continue to digest the jobs data, which, for the second-straight month, showed the economy’s job-making machine firing on all cylinders. The anemic May jobs data, which at the time cast so many doubts about the economy, now looks like it may have been an outlier, and average jobs growth for the three months ended in July is now around 190,000, a level approaching the healthy job growth seen in 2014 and 2015. The stellar U.S. job and wage growth could be tough to follow, but Friday’s monthly retail sales data could grab some of the post-jobs report spotlight. July retail sales, which come after strong 0.6% retail sales growth in June, could be interesting to watch to see what the report says about how brick-and-mortar stores performed vs. Internet retailers. The back-to-school season may give brick-and-mortar a fighting chance to shine, because shopping for school supplies is often an active endeavor, with parents and kids going to the store together to pick out favorite products. Though July may seem early to some to talk about school spending, remember that college begins within days for many, and also some elementary schools on non-traditional schedules have already started classes. Consumers have been behind a lot of the recent economic strength, as even the otherwise tepid Q2 gross domestic product (GDP) report showed late last month. Will consumers continue to show up at the stores? We’ll find out on Friday. Another report to watch in the week ahead is the June “JOLTS” job openings, which are due out Wednesday morning. The nice data from the July jobs report would seem to indicate some growing wage pressure, with wages up 2.6% over the last year and 0.3% in July, so it will be interesting to see if the JOLTS reports shows lots of openings in high-wage positions. Other pending reports include the Investor Movement Index®, or the IMXSM, data on Monday from TD Ameritrade, which tracks whether retail traders are buyers or sellers in the markets and where they’re allocating their money; and July Producer Price Index (PPI) data on Friday. Going back to Friday’s Payrolls report, which showed a gain of 255,000 jobs in July and retroactively raised payroll growth for May and June, there’s a lot to like. Hourly wages rose at a rate that outpaced expectations, and the quality of the jobs added was mostly pretty good. Professional and business services had the most jobs created, coming in at 70,000 new positions, the government said. Health care rose 43,000, and Wall Street jobs increased by 18,000. Hospitality and leisure added 45,000 new positions. Those services jobs, by the way, were mainly high quality, with lots of the new services positions coming from professional and technical jobs. The government added jobs as well, but this could be a seasonal effect. What’s important is to see new jobs that give people the ability to build solid careers, and this report offered more evidence of that. The positive jobs data gave the U.S. dollar a jolt after the currency had slumped for a few days. The dollar rose against the euro, the pound, and the yen on Friday. Gold, which had been rallying, fell sharply on Friday. Also getting hammered Friday were VIX futures, which measure market volatility. They fell to a new low for the year at 11.25 as of midday. That’s not far off the lows set in the summer of 2015, and VIX is now down almost 14% in the last three weeks. Speaking of hammered, the same could be said for the U.S. Treasury bond market as of midday Friday. The strong jobs data appeared to indicate a better chance for a U.S. rate hike at some point this year, and rising bond yields could reflect that psychology. After falling below 1.5% earlier in the week, 10-year Treasury yields climbed above 1.56%. Chances of a September rate hike are now pegged at 18%, according to the futures market, up from 12% before the jobs report. The odds for a hike in December climbed above 40%. Though talk after the jobs report immediately turned to potential increased odds for a rate hike, remember that the Fed’s September meeting remains a long way off, and there’s another jobs report and a lot of other data between now and then. Later this month, Fed Chair Janet Yellen is scheduled to speak, and her comments could be closely watched for any hints of the Fed’s thinking on the rate front as well as its perspective on the broader economy. It’s also a bit early to start speculating about Q3 economic growth, especially since the market is just recovering from the government’s first estimate for Q2 GDP, but it’s worth noting that the Atlanta Fed projects Q3 GDP growth at 3.8%, which sounds quite healthy compared to the approximately 1% growth seen so far for the first half of the year. Crude Market Still Burdened By Inventories: Oil, which had rallied in the middle of last week, gave back some gains Friday amid strength in the U.S. dollar after the jobs report, but remained above the psychological $40 a barrel mark. The fledgling rally from lows below $40 earlier in the week started when the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) said Wednesday that gasoline supplies had fallen 3.3 million barrels last week. Oil supplies rose 1.2 million barrels, but the futures market appeared to zero in on the gasoline inventory plunge as a sign of strong U.S. demand, and prices rose accordingly. But any rally in oil is going to have to come amid what remain historically abundant supplies for this time of year, with the EIA saying oil inventories reached 522.5 million barrels at the end of July, compared with 455.3 million barrels a year earlier. Still, the jobs report appears to indicate more strength in the U.S. economy, and that could ultimately be bullish for oil. Pharma Fail as Bristol-Myers Squibb Has Rough Day: There was news from the pharma sector Friday as Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY) reported disappointing clinical trial results for its cancer drug Opdivo. The drug failed as a single agent for lung cancer in a trial that would have been the basis for widely expanding use of the treatment, Bloomberg reported. In the wake of this news, BMY shares fell as much as 18% Friday, the biggest drop for the stock in 14 years. Meanwhile, shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK), which makes a competing drug, rose as much as 8.2% Friday. The lesson here? Pharma can sometimes be a volatile place to invest. That’s why diversification can often be the investor’s best bet. Technical Barriers Busted: The S&P 500 Index (SPX) blew through what some analysts saw as a technical resistance level at 2176 to post new all-time highs above 2180 on Friday after the jobs report, and the Nasdaq index also reached record territory above 5220. Bank stocks led gains in the SPX, as financials rallied on hopes for higher interest rates. Where is resistance now for the SPX? There’s an area of resistance at around 2183, so that’s the next level for the market to hurdle if this rally continues.   Inclusion of specific security names in this commentary does not constitute a recommendation from TD Ameritrade to buy, sell, or hold. Market volatility, volume, and system availability may delay account access and trade executions. Past performance of a security or strategy does not guarantee future results or success. Options are not suitable for all investors as the special risks inherent to options trading may expose investors to potentially rapid and substantial losses. Options trading subject to TD Ameritrade review and approval. Please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before investing in options. Supporting documentation for any claims, comparisons, statistics, or other technical data will be supplied upon request. The information is not intended to be investment advice or construed as a recommendation or endorsement of any particular investment or investment strategy, and is for illustrative purposes only. Be sure to understand all risks involved with each strategy, including commission costs, before attempting to place any trade. Clients must consider all relevant risk factors, including their own personal financial situations, before trading. TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC. TD Ameritrade is a trademark jointly owned by TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. and The Toronto-Dominion Bank. © 2016 TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. All rights reserved. Used with permission.  Posted-In: News Commodities Global Econ #s Economics Markets General © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BMY + MRK) Vetr Opts To Hold On Merck Despite Biotech Optimism Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvoni: Most Payers Receive Substantial Discounts Off The List Price Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election Technical Alert: Merck Reaches $65 And Retreats Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BMY Trending Recent 1 MDT, ROKA: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 URBN, JACK: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 3 DRYS, LC: LendingClub Has Major Short Squeeze Potential 4 CTSH: Bank Of America Cuts Cognizant's Price Targe... 5 AXON, DE: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-... 6 PANW, CUDA: Palo Alto: This Cybersecurity F... 7 BABA, SCTY: President-Elect Trump... 1 MSFT, HPE: Analyst: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Has 'Zero Chance Of Remaining... 2 URBN: Urban Outfitters Cooks Up A Q3 Miss, Inventory High Going Into Q4 3 GWPH: Concerns Over GW Pharma's Epilepsy Drug-On-Drug Interactio... 4 MGEE, MTW: Mid-Day Market Update: Eli Lilly Tumbles After Alzheim... 5 ITG, TFSL: 8 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Friday,... 6 CSCO, HPE: Expect Hewlett Packard Enterprise Sh... 7 P: Pandora Is Still A Show-Me Story View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Benzinga's Volume Movers Did Apple Just Add To Its Stable Of AI Startups With Turi Acquisition?
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Environment, Health News, Viewpoints Fish ‘on Drugs’: Prescription Drug Effects Seen in Many Fish Environment, Health News, Viewpoints Fish ‘on Drugs’: Prescription Drug Effects Seen in Many Fish By Martha Rosenberg | August 8, 2016 AT 10:43 AM Last Updated: August 12, 2016 2:23 pm (Olivier Morin/AFP/Getty Images) Sixty percent of Americans now take prescription drugs—more than ever before. This not only creates unprecedented problems for municipalities whose water filtration systems were developed before wide drug use—but for marine life. Like canaries in the coal mine, the first signs of drug effects from the water often manifest in the fish. As early as 2003, scientists began finding egg cell precursors on male smallmouth bass testes which they attributed to endocrine disrupters found in food and personal care products including toothpaste. By 2014, an astounding 100 percent of male smallmouth bass in some polluted sites were “intersex”—male fish that produce eggs. The same intersex phenomenon has been widely reported with amphibians. Like canaries in the coal mine, the first signs of drug effects from the water often manifest in the fish. Human drugs also contribute to the fish hormonal mutations. In 2011, after French anglers spotted abnormal fish, a study of wild gudgeon near a Sanofi plant making steroids found an average of 60 percent of tested fish had both male and female sexual characteristics. Fish near drug manufacturing plants in the United States, United Kingdom, other European Union countries, and India were also altered. “Many ecotoxicologists had assumed that water-quality standards, along with companies’ desire to avoid wasting valuable pharmaceuticals, would minimize the extent of bioactive compounds released by factories into wastewater, and ultimately into rivers,” lamented Nature about the high residues found. The diabetes Type II drug metformin is also a culprit in fish mutations. Related Coverage Study Defends Antidepressant Use in Pregnancy Despite Birth Defect Risks Bone Associations Funded by Big Pharma Push Questionable Drugs on Women Hormones are not the only drugs increasingly found in fish. In 2009, a study by Baylor researchers found traces of cholesterol, high blood pressure, allergy, bipolar, and depression drugs in fish caught near wastewater treatment facilities in Chicago, Dallas, Phoenix, Orlando, and West Chester, Pa., near Philadelphia. Some of the drugs actually change fish behavior. When scientists at Clemson University, S.C., studied hybrid striped bass exposed to the antidepressant Prozac they found fish stayed at the top of the water sometimes with their dorsal fin out of the water. Maintaining “a vertical position in the aquaria” could increase the bass’ susceptibility to predators and decrease their survival noted the researchers adding that the Prozac-exposed bass also did not eat as much as normal fish. A similar loss in survival behaviors is seen in shrimp exposed to Prozac. They are five times more likely to swim toward light than away from it, making them also more susceptible to predators report researchers. ”Crustaceans are crucial to the food chain and if shrimps’ natural behavior is being changed because of antidepressant levels in the sea this could seriously upset the natural balance of the ecosystem,” says Dr. Alex Ford, from the University of Portsmouth’s Institute of Marine Sciences. Related Coverage Is Your Overeating a Psychiatric Disorder? Big Pharma Hopes So US Meat Still Full of Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria, Say Experts Fathead minnows exposed to the amounts of antidepressants and anticonvulsants found in tap water at the University of Idaho also showed dramatic changes. After only 18 days they exhibited 324 genetic neurological alterations, some similar to the human disorder of autism, said researchers. Perch fed anxiety drugs “socialized less but ate more zooplankton and swam further, behaviors with potential long-term consequences for local ecosystems,” reported the New York Times. Even drug makers are worried. “There’s no doubt about it, pharmaceuticals are being detected in the environment and there is genuine concern that these compounds, in the small concentrations that they’re at, could be causing impacts to human health or to aquatic organisms,” noted Mary Buzby, director of environmental technology for Merck. For the environment, wildlife, and human health, drugs in the water supply are a lurking, serious danger elected officials must address now. Portions of this report originally appeared on Organic Consumers Association. Martha Rosenberg is author of the award-cited food exposé “Born With a Junk Food Deficiency.” A nationally known muckraker, she has lectured at the university and medical school level and appeared on radio and television. Views expressed in this article are the opinions of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of Epoch Times. Editor’s Picks Startup Weekend More Than Transforming Ideas Into Reality Quickly China’s Growing Trade Deficit with US, Rising State and Corporate Debt: Very ‘Concerning’ Says Congressional Report What Trump’s Presidency Means for Health Care Sector Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in EnvironmentRecord-Low Sea Ice Levels in Arctic and Antarctic (Video)California Trees Dying at ‘Unprecedented’ Rate (Video)The Commando Hunting Elephant Poachers in Africa2016 Is ‘Very Likely’ to Be Hottest Year on Record (Video) Latest in Science archaeology Dozens of Babies Found Inside 2,500-year-old Crocodile Mummy (Video) Environment Record-Low Sea Ice Levels in Arctic and Antarctic (Video) Environment California Trees Dying at ‘Unprecedented’ Rate (Video) Science & Tech videos Astronomers Have Spotted a Nearby ‘Superearth’ (Video) Africa The Commando Hunting Elephant Poachers in Africa archaeology Researchers Explore Underwater Stone Age Settlement (Video) archaeology Scientists Unravel The Mysteries Behind 6,000-Year-Old Amulet (Video) Science & Tech videos NASA Shares Stunning Image of Saturn’s ‘Watercolor’ Swirls (Video) Markets Is Self Driving Technology Already Making Us Safer? × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
