Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 March 2017 by Military News What’s in Store for Immune Design (IMDZ) in Q4 Earnings? Shutterstock photo Immune Design Corp IMDZ is scheduled to report fourth-quarter 2016 results after the market closes on Mar 7. In the last reported quarter, Immune Design posted a positive surprise of 15.5%. The company reported a wider-than-expected loss in two of the four trailing quarters and a narrower-than-expected loss on the two other occasions, bringing the positive average surprise to 1.0%. Let’s see how things are shaping up for this announcement. Immune Design’s shares have underperformed the Medical-Drugs industry in the past one year. The stock crashed 54.9% during this period, compared to the industry’s gain of 6.4%. Factors in Play Being a development-stage biopharmaceutical company, Immune Design has not generated any product revenues yet. The company earns revenues from collaboration and licensing agreements and product sales. Investors remain focussed on the company’s progress with its pipeline candidates. Immune Design is developing multiple candidates using its two discovery platforms – ZVex and GLAAS – for the treatment of various types of cancers. Key pipeline candidates include CMB305 (solid tumor) and G100 (merkel cell carcinoma). CMB305 is currently undergoing an expansion study as a single agent in patients diagnosed with cancers expressing the NY-ESO-1 tumor antigen. In addition, a randomized phase II study on CMB305, in combination with Roche Holding’s RHHBY Tecentriq in comparison with Tecentriq alone, for locally advanced, relapsed or metastatic soft tissue sarcoma is currently underway. Enrollment in this study is ongoing and the data is expected in 2017. The company completed enrollment in a phase I single agent trial on LV305 in 24 patients with advanced or metastatic sarcoma expressing NY-ESO-1.  Meanwhile, an additional division of this trial has been designed to evaluate the use of LV305 with Merck’s MRK anti-PD-1 agent, Keytruda in patients with melanoma who have an inadequate response to anti-PD1 therapy. The company has also completed enrollment in its phase I trial on G100, in combination with radiation, in patients with merkel cell carcinoma.  The FDA recently granted orphan drug designation to G100, for the treatment of follicular non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma. Meanwhile, Immune Design is also evaluating G100 in combination with Merck’s anti-PD-1 agent Keytruda, for the treatment of patients with non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma. The safety and efficacy of G100 in combination with low-dose local radiation and Keytruda, in patients with follicular non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (NHL) is being evaluated in a randomized phase II study with the ongoing enrollment. Data is expected later in 2017. Due to numerous ongoing trials, operating expenses are expected to remain high in the quarter. We expect the company to shed light on its progress with these trials during the earnings call. What Our Model Indicates Our proven model does not conclusively show that Immune Design is likely to beat estimates this quarter. This is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) to be able to beat estimates. This is not the case here, as you will see below. Zacks ESP : The Earnings ESP, which represents the difference between the Most Accurate estimate and the Zacks Consensus Estimate, is 0.00%. This is because both the Most Accurate estimate and the Zacks Consensus Estimate are pegged at a loss of 57 cents. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our  Earnings ESP Filter . Zacks Rank : Although Immune’s Zacks Rank #3 increases the predictive power of ESP, its 0.00% ESP makes surprise prediction difficult. Note that we caution against Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 or 5) going into the earnings announcement, especially when the company is seeing negative estimate revisions. Immune Design Corp. Price and EPS Surprise Immune Design Corp. Price and EPS Surprise | Immune Design Corp. Quote Stocks to Consider Here is one healthcare company that you may consider instead, as our model shows that it has the right combination of elements to post an earnings beat this quarter. Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. SPPI has an Earnings ESP of 15.4% and a Zacks Rank #3. The company is expected to release results on Mar 8. You can see  the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here . Zacks’ Top Investment Ideas for Long-Term Profit How would you like to see our best recommendations to help you find today’s most promising long-term stocks? Starting now, you can look inside our portfolios featuring stocks under $10, income stocks, value investments and more. These picks, which have double and triple-digit profit potential, are rarely available to the public. But you can see them now. Click here >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Roche Holding AG (RHHBY): Free Stock Analysis Report Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK): Free Stock Analysis Report Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SPPI): Free Stock Analysis Report Immune Design Corp. (IMDZ): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, division, Industry, Markets, post, rank, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cisco (CSCO) Expands Its IoT Offerings Thanks to Jasper Next PostNext Bank Stock Roundup: Fed Interest Hike Expectation Raise Optimism; JPMorgan, Citi in Focus Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 March 2017 by Military News Merck continues to empower Kenyan women through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs Merck continues to empower Kenyan women through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs Merck will inaugurate their initiative at OLYMYPIC School where they equipped their library with a Computer Lab to encourage young girls to study science and technology as part of their ‘STEM for Girls and Women’ program in Africa NAIROBI, Kenya, March 3, 2017/APO/ — ‘Merck More than a Mother’ supports infertile women through access to information, health and change of mindset. ‘Merck STEM Program for Women and Girls’ starts today in Kenya. Merck inaugurates ‘OLYMPIC School’ where they equipped the library with a computer lab as part of their program ‘STEM for Women and Girls’ in Africa. Merck (www.MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, today announces their commitment to empower Kenyan women through their ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and the start of ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs. Speaking at the event in Nairobi, Belén Garijo, Member of Executive Board and CEO of Merck Healthcare emphasized: “I believe in women empowerment and especially childless women – they are mistreated and discriminated in many cultures for being unable to have children and start a family. Empowering these women through access to information, health, and change of mind set to remove the stigma of infertility is needed. Through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ we are supporting this strong message together with our partners and we will continue our commitment to improve access to regulated and effective fertility care in Africa.” The day’s program also included a courtesy visit to Kenya’s First Lady H.E. Margaret Kenyatta at State House, Nairobi by the Merck delegation to brief her on the two programs and to explore possible areas of collaboration. The delegation consisted of H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady, Central African Republic; Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare; Virginie Baiokua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; Leonard Saika, Director – Regional Head of Social Responsibility & Market Development – Africa, Merck and Lina Ekomo, Central African Republic. Madame Brigitte Touadera, the First Lady of the Central African Republic (CAR) emphasized: “I am very happy to participate in today’s event of ‘Merck More than a Mother’ in Kenya as it follows the one we had for the Central African Republic (CAR) last month. As the champion for the initiative in CAR and for Francophone Africa, I acknowledge the role that ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is playing to break the stigma around infertile women and to raise awareness about infertility prevention, male infertility and the necessity of a team approach to family building among couples which is very critical for Africa.” “It is very important to empower infertile women through improving access to awareness and fertility care so they can bear children as part of their human rights. In case they can no longer be treated, ‘Empowering Berna’ project will contribute towards empowering and training them to establish their own small business so that they can be independent and re-build their lives – a woman is more than a mother, ‘Empowering Berna’ initiative will prove this every day,” Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer  Merck  emphasized. In 2016, over 1,000 infertile women in Kenya, Uganda, Nigeria, Ethiopia, Liberia, Ghana, Central African Republic and Cote d’Ivoire who can no longer be treated have been empowered socially and economically to lead independent and happier lives through the ‘Empowering Berna’ project. Kenya’s Cabinet Secretary for Health, Cleopa Mailu stated: “As a ministry we are happy with the strategic partnership we have with Merck in Kenya through its Merck Capacity Advancement Program initiatives which are boosting our healthcare capacity with special focus on diabetes, cancer and infertility which contribute to the country’s economic progression”. “In recognition of the important role women can play in the economic and social development of Africa, Merck is empowering them o participate in STEM where they are currently under-represented, through the ‘Merck STEM Program’ which we are launching today,” Garijo said. Merck will inaugurate their initiative at OLYMYPIC School where they equipped their library with a Computer Lab to encourage young girls to study science and technology as part of their ‘STEM for Girls and Women’ program in Africa. Furthermore, the winners of UNESCO-MARS awards will act as ambassadors in their respective countries. The Governor of Nairobi County, Evans Kidero announced during his keynote speech: “We are happy to partner with reputable and innovative companies such as Merck. We believe that the only way to effectively tackle the health and research related challenges we are facing can only be through establishing Public Private Partnership models in implementing successful programs. The size and complexity of the task is so large that no single organization or institution can manage on its own, so integration of efforts is necessary to achieve the health gains that our nation deserves”. “The Merck STEM Program will encourage our young women and girls to undertake science and technology related courses and make active contribution to the social and economic development of our country”, Kidero added. “Through this program Merck is targeting to empower over 7,000 girls and 60 women researchers across Africa in 2017 through various initiatives which include setting up computer libraries in schools similar to the one we are launching today for the first time in Kenya at Olympic School in Kibera, Nairobi, and appointing the UNESCO-MARS research award winners as ambassadors for the ‘Merck STEM Program’ ” Rasha Kelej added. About ‘Merck STEM for Girls and Women’: “The program started UNESCO-Merck Africa Research Summit (UNESCO-MARS) as its first initiative that has been held annually since 2015. UNESCO-MARS aims to build research capacity and empower young African researchers with special focus on empowering women in the fields of  research and healthcare to raise the level of scientific research in Africa and improve access to health solutions in the continent,” explained Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. During the 2016 UNESCO-MARS, the ‘Best African Women Researchers Awards’ were launched for the first time with the aim of promoting women in STEM that saw five women researchers from across Africa recognized for the quality of their research. The first award went to Beatrice Nyagol from Kenya Medical Research Institute, who was also celebrated during the event in Nairobi. During the event, a high level panel discussion by fertility experts and policy makers called for action to break the stigma around infertile women; raising awareness about infertility prevention and management; defining policies to regulate ART; improving access to cost effective fertility care by integrating it into public reproductive health services and building fertility care capacity and providing training to African embryologists. The high level panel included: Sarah Opendi, Minister of State of Health, Uganda;  Zuliatu Cooper, Deputy Minister of Health and Sanitation, Sierra Leone; Virginie Baikoua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, CAR; Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Kenya; Oladapo Ashiru, President of Africa Fertility Society; Joe Simpson, Past President, International Federation of Fertility Societies; Paul Le Roux, President of Southern African Society of Reproductive Medicine and Gynaecological Endoscopy; Kamini Rao, Chair International Institute for Training & Research in Reproductive Health, India; Mohamed Kamal, President of Future Assured Foundation, Nigeria and Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare.  In addition to Kenya, ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is already being implemented in Uganda, Ethiopia, Ghana, Liberia, Tanzania, Nigeria, Cote D’Ivoire and CAR. During the event Merck also highlighted other CAP initiatives in Kenya: ‘Merck Cancer Access Program’ which aims to increase the number of qualified oncologists through ‘Merck Africa Oncology Fellowship Program’ in partnership with the University of Nairobi, Kenya and Tata Memorial Hospital in India. Furthermore, Merck aims to support women cancer survivors to establish their own small business so that they can lead an independent and productive life through ‘Merck More than a Patient’ initiative. ‘Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Awards’ with the aim to building a platform of diabetes and hypertension experts across the globe through a one year online diabetes and cardiovascular medicine diploma at University of South Wales, United Kingdom. In 2016 six winners from Kenyan universities received the awards. Watch videos below of TV interviews in Kenya with Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare and Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Taita Taveta, Kenya as they speak on infertility and what ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative is doing in Africa: Watch below videos on the story of Grace Kambini, an infertile woman from Kenya before and after she enrolled in ‘Merck More than a Mother’s’ ‘Empowering Berna’ Program: Distributed by APO on behalf of Merck. Media contact: Grace Mukasa +254 711 794 081 About Merck Capacity Advancement Program – Merck CAP: The Merck Capacity Advancement Program (CAP) is a ten-year program aiming to expand professional capacity in developing countries in the areas of research and development, advocacy building, supply-chain integrity and efficiency, pharmacovigilance, medical education, and community awareness. It was established in 2012. Merck CAP signature initiatives include the following: Merck Universities Program, Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Awards, Merck Cancer Access Program, Merck More than a Mother and “Merck STEM Program for Girls and Women”. Twitter handle: MerckCAP Facebook page: Merck Capacity Advancement Program YouTube Channel: Merck Capacity Advancement Program About Merck More than a Mother: The aim is to empower infertile women in Africa through improving access to information, health, change mind-set and economic empowerment. Please visit to www.MerckMoreThanaMother.com for more information. “Merck More than a Mother” Strategy and Objectives: 1.    Create a culture shift to de-stigmatize infertility and to build respect and understanding around infertile women in Africa. 2.    Raise awareness about infertility prevention management and male infertility by integrating the topics into existing healthcare infrastructure, such as HIV, maternal health, and mother and child programs. 3.    Education and training for African embryologists to build the needed capacity. 4.    Supporting policy makers to define artificial reproductive therapy (ART) policies to improve access to regulated fertility care. 5.    Building advocacy and open dialogue and working closely with governments, policy makers, parliaments, healthcare providers, fertility experts and the media to define interventions that will reduce social suffering and improve access to regulated, effective and safe fertility care in Africa. 6.    Empowering infertile women socially and economically through access to education and healthcare, and by changing mind-sets. For example, empowering women who cannot be treated by helping them to start a small business through the “Empowering Berna” project.  Twitter handle: MerckandMothers Facebook page: Merckmorethanamother YouTube: Merck More than a Mother About Merck Cancer Access Program: Merck has started this program in Africa with two initiatives: 1.    Merck Africa Medical Oncology Program The first Medical Oncology Fellowship Program for Sub-Saharan Africa held at the University of Nairobi, Kenya and at Tata Memorial Centre in India, with the aim to increase the limited number of qualified oncologists in the continent. 2.    Merck More than a Patient initiative  In partnership with cancer patients’ organizations across Africa, this will support women cancer survivors to establish small businesses in order to re-build their independent lives and become productive members of society.  Twitter: Merck_MCCP and #MerckCancerTips Facebook: Merck Cancer Control Program YouTube: Merck Cancer Control Program  About Merck Universities Program: The program provides European accredited diabetes and hypertension management for medical undergraduates and postgraduates from African universities. It enables them to become diabetes and hypertension ambassadors across the continent, especially in rural areas. More than 12,000 medical students from Angola, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Mozambique, Namibia, Tanzania and Uganda have benefited from this program and we aim to reach 25,000 by 2018. Merck launched the “Merck Diabetes Award” and the “Merck Hypertension Award” in March 2016 as part of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program for Africa and Asia with the aim to build a platform of diabetes and hypertension experts across the globe.  Merck STEM for Women and Girls: Through its annual platform UNESCO Merck Africa Research Summit, the Merck STEM program aims to empower young and women African researchers in order to prepare for the road ahead in Africa’s development as an international hub for research excellence and scientific innovation. Furthermore Merck has launched for the first time, “MARS best African Women Researcher Award” to empower women in the fields of Research and healthcare.   Twitter handle: @Merck_MARS Facebook: Merck Africa Research Summit YouTube: Merck Africa Research Summit Please visit www.UNESCO-MARS.com for more information.  To read more about Merck Capacity Advancement Program initiatives in Africa, visit www.Merck-CAP.com and www.Merck-Africa.com.  All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to www.MerckGroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service.  About Merck: Merck (www.MerckGroup.com) is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAfrica,Central African Republic,Ethiopia,Ghana,Health,India,Kenya,Liberia,Nigeria,Sierra Leone,Tanzania,Uganda,United Kingdom,Women,MBC,SMS, Arts, Automotive, Business, Companies, company, Computing, Culture, Education, Health, hospital, Markets, Nation, officer, Olympics, private, Science, service, Technology, TV, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Need to Grow Sawmilling Sector through Responding to Shortage of Timber Next PostNext Future Farm Announces New Cannabis Advisory Board Members Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 March 2017 by Military News Merck continues to empower Kenyan women through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs Merck continues to empower Kenyan women through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs Merck will inaugurate their initiative at OLYMYPIC School where they equipped their library with a Computer Lab to encourage young girls to study science and technology as part of their ‘STEM for Girls and Women’ program in Africa NAIROBI, Kenya, March 3, 2017/APO/ — ‘Merck More than a Mother’ supports infertile women through access to information, health and change of mindset. ‘Merck STEM Program for Women and Girls’ starts today in Kenya. Merck inaugurates ‘OLYMPIC School’ where they equipped the library with a computer lab as part of their program ‘STEM for Women and Girls’ in Africa. Merck (www.MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, today announces their commitment to empower Kenyan women through their ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and the start of ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs. Speaking at the event in Nairobi, Belén Garijo, Member of Executive Board and CEO of Merck Healthcare emphasized: “I believe in women empowerment and especially childless women – they are mistreated and discriminated in many cultures for being unable to have children and start a family. Empowering these women through access to information, health, and change of mind set to remove the stigma of infertility is needed. Through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ we are supporting this strong message together with our partners and we will continue our commitment to improve access to regulated and effective fertility care in Africa.” The day’s program also included a courtesy visit to Kenya’s First Lady H.E. Margaret Kenyatta at State House, Nairobi by the Merck delegation to brief her on the two programs and to explore possible areas of collaboration. The delegation consisted of H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady, Central African Republic; Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare; Virginie Baiokua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; Leonard Saika, Director – Regional Head of Social Responsibility & Market Development – Africa, Merck and Lina Ekomo, Central African Republic. Madame Brigitte Touadera, the First Lady of the Central African Republic (CAR) emphasized: “I am very happy to participate in today’s event of ‘Merck More than a Mother’ in Kenya as it follows the one we had for the Central African Republic (CAR) last month. As the champion for the initiative in CAR and for Francophone Africa, I acknowledge the role that ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is playing to break the stigma around infertile women and to raise awareness about infertility prevention, male infertility and the necessity of a team approach to family building among couples which is very critical for Africa.” “It is very important to empower infertile women through improving access to awareness and fertility care so they can bear children as part of their human rights. In case they can no longer be treated, ‘Empowering Berna’ project will contribute towards empowering and training them to establish their own small business so that they can be independent and re-build their lives – a woman is more than a mother, ‘Empowering Berna’ initiative will prove this every day,” Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer  Merck  emphasized. In 2016, over 1,000 infertile women in Kenya, Uganda, Nigeria, Ethiopia, Liberia, Ghana, Central African Republic and Cote d’Ivoire who can no longer be treated have been empowered socially and economically to lead independent and happier lives through the ‘Empowering Berna’ project. Kenya’s Cabinet Secretary for Health, Cleopa Mailu stated: “As a ministry we are happy with the strategic partnership we have with Merck in Kenya through its Merck Capacity Advancement Program initiatives which are boosting our healthcare capacity with special focus on diabetes, cancer and infertility which contribute to the country’s economic progression”. “In recognition of the important role women can play in the economic and social development of Africa, Merck is empowering them o participate in STEM where they are currently under-represented, through the ‘Merck STEM Program’ which we are launching today,” Garijo said. Merck will inaugurate their initiative at OLYMYPIC School where they equipped their library with a Computer Lab to encourage young girls to study science and technology as part of their ‘STEM for Girls and Women’ program in Africa. Furthermore, the winners of UNESCO-MARS awards will act as ambassadors in their respective countries. The Governor of Nairobi County, Evans Kidero announced during his keynote speech: “We are happy to partner with reputable and innovative companies such as Merck. We believe that the only way to effectively tackle the health and research related challenges we are facing can only be through establishing Public Private Partnership models in implementing successful programs. The size and complexity of the task is so large that no single organization or institution can manage on its own, so integration of efforts is necessary to achieve the health gains that our nation deserves”. “The Merck STEM Program will encourage our young women and girls to undertake science and technology related courses and make active contribution to the social and economic development of our country”, Kidero added. “Through this program Merck is targeting to empower over 7,000 girls and 60 women researchers across Africa in 2017 through various initiatives which include setting up computer libraries in schools similar to the one we are launching today for the first time in Kenya at Olympic School in Kibera, Nairobi, and appointing the UNESCO-MARS research award winners as ambassadors for the ‘Merck STEM Program’ ” Rasha Kelej added. About ‘Merck STEM for Girls and Women’: “The program started UNESCO-Merck Africa Research Summit (UNESCO-MARS) as its first initiative that has been held annually since 2015. UNESCO-MARS aims to build research capacity and empower young African researchers with special focus on empowering women in the fields of  research and healthcare to raise the level of scientific research in Africa and improve access to health solutions in the continent,” explained Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. During the 2016 UNESCO-MARS, the ‘Best African Women Researchers Awards’ were launched for the first time with the aim of promoting women in STEM that saw five women researchers from across Africa recognized for the quality of their research. The first award went to Beatrice Nyagol from Kenya Medical Research Institute, who was also celebrated during the event in Nairobi. During the event, a high level panel discussion by fertility experts and policy makers called for action to break the stigma around infertile women; raising awareness about infertility prevention and management; defining policies to regulate ART; improving access to cost effective fertility care by integrating it into public reproductive health services and building fertility care capacity and providing training to African embryologists. The high level panel included: Sarah Opendi, Minister of State of Health, Uganda;  Zuliatu Cooper, Deputy Minister of Health and Sanitation, Sierra Leone; Virginie Baikoua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, CAR; Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Kenya; Oladapo Ashiru, President of Africa Fertility Society; Joe Simpson, Past President, International Federation of Fertility Societies; Paul Le Roux, President of Southern African Society of Reproductive Medicine and Gynaecological Endoscopy; Kamini Rao, Chair International Institute for Training & Research in Reproductive Health, India; Mohamed Kamal, President of Future Assured Foundation, Nigeria and Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare.  In addition to Kenya, ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is already being implemented in Uganda, Ethiopia, Ghana, Liberia, Tanzania, Nigeria, Cote D’Ivoire and CAR. During the event Merck also highlighted other CAP initiatives in Kenya: ‘Merck Cancer Access Program’ which aims to increase the number of qualified oncologists through ‘Merck Africa Oncology Fellowship Program’ in partnership with the University of Nairobi, Kenya and Tata Memorial Hospital in India. Furthermore, Merck aims to support women cancer survivors to establish their own small business so that they can lead an independent and productive life through ‘Merck More than a Patient’ initiative. ‘Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Awards’ with the aim to building a platform of diabetes and hypertension experts across the globe through a one year online diabetes and cardiovascular medicine diploma at University of South Wales, United Kingdom. In 2016 six winners from Kenyan universities received the awards. Watch videos below of TV interviews in Kenya with Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare and Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Taita Taveta, Kenya as they speak on infertility and what ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative is doing in Africa: Watch below videos on the story of Grace Kambini, an infertile woman from Kenya before and after she enrolled in ‘Merck More than a Mother’s’ ‘Empowering Berna’ Program: Distributed by APO on behalf of Merck. Media contact: Grace Mukasa +254 711 794 081 About Merck Capacity Advancement Program – Merck CAP: The Merck Capacity Advancement Program (CAP) is a ten-year program aiming to expand professional capacity in developing countries in the areas of research and development, advocacy building, supply-chain integrity and efficiency, pharmacovigilance, medical education, and community awareness. It was established in 2012. Merck CAP signature initiatives include the following: Merck Universities Program, Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Awards, Merck Cancer Access Program, Merck More than a Mother and “Merck STEM Program for Girls and Women”. Twitter handle: MerckCAP Facebook page: Merck Capacity Advancement Program YouTube Channel: Merck Capacity Advancement Program About Merck More than a Mother: The aim is to empower infertile women in Africa through improving access to information, health, change mind-set and economic empowerment. Please visit to www.MerckMoreThanaMother.com for more information. “Merck More than a Mother” Strategy and Objectives: 1.    Create a culture shift to de-stigmatize infertility and to build respect and understanding around infertile women in Africa. 2.    Raise awareness about infertility prevention management and male infertility by integrating the topics into existing healthcare infrastructure, such as HIV, maternal health, and mother and child programs. 3.    Education and training for African embryologists to build the needed capacity. 4.    Supporting policy makers to define artificial reproductive therapy (ART) policies to improve access to regulated fertility care. 5.    Building advocacy and open dialogue and working closely with governments, policy makers, parliaments, healthcare providers, fertility experts and the media to define interventions that will reduce social suffering and improve access to regulated, effective and safe fertility care in Africa. 6.    Empowering infertile women socially and economically through access to education and healthcare, and by changing mind-sets. For example, empowering women who cannot be treated by helping them to start a small business through the “Empowering Berna” project.  Twitter handle: MerckandMothers Facebook page: Merckmorethanamother YouTube: Merck More than a Mother About Merck Cancer Access Program: Merck has started this program in Africa with two initiatives: 1.    Merck Africa Medical Oncology Program The first Medical Oncology Fellowship Program for Sub-Saharan Africa held at the University of Nairobi, Kenya and at Tata Memorial Centre in India, with the aim to increase the limited number of qualified oncologists in the continent. 2.    Merck More than a Patient initiative  In partnership with cancer patients’ organizations across Africa, this will support women cancer survivors to establish small businesses in order to re-build their independent lives and become productive members of society.  Twitter: Merck_MCCP and #MerckCancerTips Facebook: Merck Cancer Control Program YouTube: Merck Cancer Control Program  About Merck Universities Program: The program provides European accredited diabetes and hypertension management for medical undergraduates and postgraduates from African universities. It enables them to become diabetes and hypertension ambassadors across the continent, especially in rural areas. More than 12,000 medical students from Angola, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Mozambique, Namibia, Tanzania and Uganda have benefited from this program and we aim to reach 25,000 by 2018. Merck launched the “Merck Diabetes Award” and the “Merck Hypertension Award” in March 2016 as part of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program for Africa and Asia with the aim to build a platform of diabetes and hypertension experts across the globe.  Merck STEM for Women and Girls: Through its annual platform UNESCO Merck Africa Research Summit, the Merck STEM program aims to empower young and women African researchers in order to prepare for the road ahead in Africa’s development as an international hub for research excellence and scientific innovation. Furthermore Merck has launched for the first time, “MARS best African Women Researcher Award” to empower women in the fields of Research and healthcare.   Twitter handle: @Merck_MARS Facebook: Merck Africa Research Summit YouTube: Merck Africa Research Summit Please visit www.UNESCO-MARS.com for more information.  To read more about Merck Capacity Advancement Program initiatives in Africa, visit www.Merck-CAP.com and www.Merck-Africa.com.  All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to www.MerckGroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service.  About Merck: Merck (www.MerckGroup.com) is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Text copied to clipboard. ×Close CategoriesUncategorized TagsAfrica,Central African Republic,Ethiopia,Ghana,Health,India,Kenya,Liberia,Nigeria,Sierra Leone,Tanzania,Uganda,United Kingdom,Women,MBC,SMS, Arts, Automotive, Business, Companies, company, Computing, Culture, Education, Health, hospital, Markets, Nation, officer, Olympics, private, Science, service, Technology, TV, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Lithotripters Market Outlook 2022: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development Next PostNext Marissa Mayer Faces Yahoo Board’s Ire for Security Breaches Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
× We use cookies to improve your experience. By your continued use of this site you accept such use. About Contact Log In/Signup en fr pt ar Toggle navigation Menu Home Press Offices Sources List Get APO Content Send a press release Advertising Agriculture Art Aviation/Airlines Banking/Finance Books Chemical Computers Defense/Aerospace Education Electricity Entertainment Environment Food/Beverages Health Infectious Diseases Infrastructure Insurance Internet Technology Investment Logistics Maritime Mining Mobile Motoring Movies Music Oil and Gas Pharmaceutical Renewable energy Retail Sport Telecommunications Textile Tobacco Tourism Transport Wood African Development Animals Asia Awards Business Children Economy Energy European Government Events/Media Advisory Foreign Policy Handicapped/Disabled Humanitarian Aid Justice/Legal issues Labour market Not For Profit Oil/Gas discoveries Personnel announcements Religion Trade Urbanism/Cities Water/Sanitation Women Afghanistan Africa Algeria Angola Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Benin Botswana Brazil Brunei Darussalam Burkina Faso Burundi California Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad China Comoros Congo (Republic of the) Cuba Democratic Republic of Congo Denmark Djibouti Egypt Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Finland France Gabon Gambia Germany Ghana Greece Guinea Guinea-Bissau Illinois India Ireland Islamic Republic of Iran Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Jordan Kenya Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Kuwait Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Mali Malta Mauritania Mauritius Middle East MONACO Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zeland Niger Nigeria Norway Portugal Russia Rwanda Sao Tome and Principe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sudan Swaziland Switzerland Tanzania The People's Republic of China Togo Tunisia Turkey Uganda United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Vatican Zambia Zimbabwe _ A New Earth, organic and eco-living store Access Power Action Against Hunger - ACF-UK Action contre la Faim (ACF) Advanced Finance & Investment Group LLC (AFIG Funds) Aera Group Africa 2.0 Africa Business Forum Africa Feeds Africa Finance Corporation (AFC) Africa Initiative for Governance Africa Luxury Hospitality Africa News Latest Africa Oil & Power conference Africa PPP Africa Progress Panel (APP) Africa Regional Media Hub Africa Shared Value Summit Africa-PPB-EXPO Tanzania 2016 AfricaBusinessForum.com African Alliances for Women Empowerment and Africa Fertility Society African Alliances of Women Empowerment African Blogger Awards African Centre for Justice and Peace Studies (ACJPS) African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights (African Court) African Development Bank Group African Entrepreneurship Award (AEA) African Innovation Foundation (AIF) African Institute for Mathematical Sciences (AIMS) African Leadership African Leadership Academy (ALA) African Mineral Development Centre African Securities Exchanges Association (ASEA) African Society for Laboratory Medicine (ASLM) African Trade Insurance Agency (ATI) African Union Commission (AUC) African Union Peace and Security Department African Union Sports Council (AUSC) African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) African Viral Hepatitis Summit 2016 AfricanStates.info Afrinection Afrique Telecom AfroCan Resources Gold Ltd AfroChampions Initiative AGCO Corporation Agence de Promotion de l'Investissement Extérieur (FIPA) - Tunisie Agence française de développement (AFD) Aggreko plc Agility AGYP Aid & International Development Forum AIM Congress Al Yah Satellite Communications Company PrJSC, "Yahsat" Aleda SAS Aleph Hospitality ALN Alpha Capital International Ambassade d'Allemagne à Tunis Ambassade d'Allemagne au Togo Ambassade de France au Cameroun Ambassade de France au Sénégal Ambassade de France en Algérie Ambassade de France en Guinée et en Sierra Leone Ambassade de l’Etat de Palestine au Sénégal Ambassade de la Republique du Rwanda en France Ambassade des Etats-Unis au Burkina Faso Ambassade des Etats-Unis au Senegal Ambassade des Etats-Unis d'Amérique au Maroc Ambassade du Burkina Faso à Paris Ambassade du Canada République démocratique du Congo Ambassade du Japon au Burundi American Institutes for Research (AIR) Amnesty International AMPION.org Angola Cables Antoine Glaser APO Group Appolonia - City of Light Argus Media Arise ASKY Airlines Aurecon Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Australian Embassy (Union of Comoros & Madagascar) Australian Embassy in Zimbabwe Australian High Commission - Nigeria Australian High Commission in Ghana Australian High Commission in Kenya Australian High Commission in Pretoria, South Africa AviaDev Africa Avon Peaking Power Pty Ltd Bamba Group Bamboo Finance Basic Lead LLC Bayport Management Ltd BearingPoint Bench Events Best Western Hotels & Resorts Better Than Cash BIA Overseas s.a. Bidco Africa Black First Land First Black Opinion BON Cloud Bourse Régionale des Valeurs Mobilières (BRVM) Brand South Africa British Embassy Addis Ababa British Embassy Antananarivo British Embassy Banjul British Embassy Cairo British Embassy Conakry British Embassy Dakar British Embassy Harare British Embassy in Tunis British Embassy Juba British Embassy Khartoum British Embassy Kinshasa British Embassy Luanda British Embassy Mogadishu British Embassy Rabat British High Commission - Lilongwe British High Commission - Lusaka British High Commission - Maputo British High Commission - Yaounde British High Commission Abuja British High Commission Accra British High Commission Dar es Salaam British High Commission Freetown British High Commission Gaborone British High Commission in Seychelles British High Commission Kampala British High Commission Nairobi British High Commission Port Louis British High Commission Pretoria British High Commission Windhoek Bugala Farmers Association Business Journal Cambridge Broadband Networks (CBNL) Cambridge International Examinations Canada - The Prime Minister's Office Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group CaseWare Africa CashlessAfrica Caterpillar Inc. CDNetworks Centers for Disease Control & Prevention (CDC) Central Bank of Kenya Centre d'Information des Nations Unies (CINU) Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso Centre d’Information des Nations Unies de Ouagadougou Centurion Law Group Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Cherie Blair Foundation for Women CISCO Citizens Commission on Human Rights International (CCHR) Claviger Middle East Climate Investment Funds CNBC Africa Code Blue campaign Commission de l'océan Indien (COI) Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) Commonwealth Secretariat Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation (CTO) Commune de Meckhé (Sénégal) Control Risks Group Holdings Ltd Council of the European Union CWC Group Limited CyberXchange Dangote Group DEAL 2016 (Dubai Entertainment Amusement and Leisure) Delegação da União Europeia em Angola Delegação da União Europeia na Guiné-Bissau Délégation de l'Union européenne au Burkina Faso Délégation de l'Union européenne au Togo Délégation de l'Union européenne en Tunisie Delegation of the European Union to the Republic of Mauritius Delegation of the European Union to Ghana Delegation of the European Union to Guinea Delegation of the European Union to Liberia Delegation of the European Union to Mozambique Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Deloitte Department for International Development (DFID) Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Ireland Department of Foreign Affairs Canada Derou & Partners Deutsche Post DHL DFID Malawi Digital Kenya Discovery Communications, LLC DMWA Resources Dr Walter Mzembi Dubai Chamber of Commerce & Industry ECAir (Equatorial Congo Airlines) Ecobank Econet Group Edelman Egyptian Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (MCIT) Ehiedu Iweriebor Eko Atlantic Embassy of Algerie to the United States of America Embassy of Cuba in South Africa Embassy of Denmark in Ghana Embassy of Denmark in Tanzania Embassy of Finland in Nairobi Embassy of France in Nigeria Embassy of France to Ghana Embassy of Japan in Kenya Embassy of Japan in Somalia Embassy of Japan in South Sudan Embassy of Japan to the Republic of Seychelles Embassy of Switzerland in Tanzania Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Tanzania Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany Kampala Embassy of the Republic of Mali to the United States of America Embassy of the Republic of Poland in Pretoria Embassy of the Republic of Sierra Leone in the Republic of Korea Embassy of the Republic of the Sudan - Washington DC Embassy of the Russian Federation in Nigeria Embassy of the United States - Accra - Ghana Embassy of the United States in Algiers, Algeria Embassy of the United States of America in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire EMRC Endeavour Mining Corporation Energy and Environment Partnership Programme with Southern and East Africa (EEP S&EA) EnergyNet Ltd. ENGIE EQS Group Etisalat Etix Group EU Delegation to Kenya EU Delegation to Rwanda EU Delegation to Somalia EUNAVFOR Atalanta EuroFresh Exotics European Commission European Council European Court of Auditors (ECA) European External Action Service (EEAS) European Investment Bank (EIB) European Law Students’ Association (ELSA) European Parliament European Union European Union Delegation to the African Union Export Development Canada EXX AFRICA EY Facebook Fairtrade Messe und Ausstellungs GmbH & Co. KG Federal Department of Economic Affairs, Education and Research, Switzerland Federal Department of Foreign Affairs Switzerland Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade & Investment, Nigeria Federal Ministry Republic of Austria Federal Republic of Somalia - Office of the President Federal-Mogul Corporation Fédération internationale de football association (FIFA) FedEx Corp. Financial Nigeria International Limited flydubai Fondation BGFIBank Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) For Africa Forever Fortinet Forum de Bamako Freedom House French Embassy in Kenya French Embassy in Kenya and Somalia Frost & Sullivan Fundo Soberano de Angola Garmin Southern Africa GBS Africa GE Gemalto GeoPoll German Embassy in Dar es Salaam German Embassy in Gaborone German Embassy Khartoum German Embassy Nairobi Germany - Federal Foreign Office Germany-Africa Business Forum Gigawatt Global Global Event Partners Ltd Global Pacific & Partners Global Witness Globeleq Government of Botswana Government of Canada Greenpeace Hilton Worldwide Hip Africa Hitachi Data Systems Hotelnownow Hotwire Human Factors International (HFI) Human Rights Watch (HRW) Human RightWorking Group (HRWG) on Somalia Humpherys Elkington Ltd HWB ICS Financial Systems (ICSFS) IEC (International Electrotechnical Commission) IGN France International Imani Indorama Corporation Informa Telecoms & Media Ingenico Group Initiative for Global Development (IGD) Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) Interactive Intelligence, Inc. International Air Transport Association (IATA) International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) International Bureau of Fiscal Documentation (IBFD) International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) International Conference on the Great Lakes Region International Criminal Court (ICC) International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid-Tropics (ICRISAT) International Data Corporation (IDC) International Diamond Conference 2015 International Enterprise (IE) Singapore International Expo-Consults (IEC) International Federation of Human Rights (FIDH) International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) International Forum on Islamic Finance (IFIF) International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) International Indigenous Working Group on HIV & AIDS (IIWGHA) International Monetary Fund (IMF) International Office of Migration (IOM) International Raelian Movement (IRM) International Road Transport Organisation (IRU) Internet Society (ISOC) INTERPOL INTL FCStone Inc. Intracom Telecom Invest in Data Center Africa Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector (ICD) Islamic Development Bank Group (IDB Group) JLL JMG Limited Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Jumia Jwebi Kalangala Oil Palm Growers Association (KOPGA) Kamaleon Kariuki Communication Kaspersky Ken Research Kingdom of Belgium - Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation Kirusa Knight Frank LLP Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences (KFAS) Kuwait International Health Safety and Environment Conference and Exhibition (KIHSE) KWESÉ L'Oréal Group Lebanon International Oil & Gas Summit (LIOG) Light Reading LittleBigSouls International Charitable Foundation Louis Berger Mahindra Comviva MainOne Mainstream Renewable Power MAN Diesel & Turbo Mara Foundation Marché Financier de l'Afrique Centrale (COSUMAF) Marriott International, Inc. McKinsey & Company Médecins sans frontières (MSF) Media Institute of Southern Africa (MISA) Media Revolution Medic West Africa Mercer LLC Merck Michelin MicroSave Mining Indaba Ministère de la Santé de la République gabonaise Ministère des Affaires Etrangères de la République Française Ministère des Affaires étrangères et de la Coopération de Mauritanie Ministère des Postes, des Télécommunications et des Nouvelles Technologies de Madagascar (MPTNT) Ministère du Tourisme, des Transports et de la Météorologie de Madagascar Ministère tunisien des Affaires Etrangères Ministry Human Settlements - Republic of South Africa Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom Ministry of Energy, Republic of Sierra Leone Ministry of External Affairs - Government of India Ministry of Finance - Government of Ghana Ministry of Finance, Republic of Angola Ministry of Foreign Affairs - Singapore Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Investment Promotion - Federal Republic of Somalia Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Brazil Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Cuba Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Hellenic Republic Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Seychelles Ministry of Mines, Industry and Energy Equatorial Guinea Mission de l'Organisation des Nations unies en République démocratique du Congo (MONUSCO) MOAB Power Mobile Accord Monarch&Co International MoneyGram International, Inc. Mozilla MSD Mundipharma Pte Ltd Namibia Embassy in Vienna National Institutes of Health (NIH) Netherlands Embassy in Accra - Ghana New African Magazine New Partnership for Africa’s Development (NEPAD) New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade Next Einstein Forum (NEF) Nigerian Export-Import Bank (NEXIM) Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) Nigerian Young Professionals Forum (NYPF) Nollywood Week Paris Film Festival Norilsk Nickel Norwegian Refugee Council Novartis International AG Oakbay Investments Ltd Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) Office of the Humanitarian Coordination in Central African Republic - United Nations Office of the Special Envoy of the United Nations Secretary-General for the Great Lakes region (OSESG-GL) Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Sexual Violence in Conflict Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) Office of the UN Resident Coordinator - Uganda Ogilvy & Mather Namibia On Time International One Acre Fund ONE.org Opera Software ASA Opération des Nations Unies en Côte d’Ivoire (ONUCI) Oracle Orange Oranto Petroleum Ltd Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Ozaremit Pan African Federation of Filmmakers (FEPACI) Pan-African reinsurance Journalism Awards Panalpina World Transport Ltd. Paramount Group Parliamentary Assembly of the Mediterranean Partnership Africa Canada (PAC) Partnerships for Forests Permanent Mission of the Republic of Zambia to the United Nations Philip Morris International (PMI) Planet Earth Institute PM Pumpmakers GmbH Praekelt Foundation Présidence de la République de Madagascar Présidence de la République française Présidence de la République Gabonaise President of Russia PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) Prime Minister's Office, 10 Downing Street Printronix Inc. Privinvest Prognari Public Relations Society of Kenya (PRSK) Quantum Global Group Questra World RB (Reckitt Benckiser) Reach for Change Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information Republic of South Africa: Department of Health Republic of South Africa: Department of International Relations and Cooperation Republic of South Africa: The Parliament Republic of South Africa: The Presidency Ringier AG Roche Pharmaceuticals Limited Root Capital Rotary Royal Norwegian Embassy in Addis Ababa Royal Norwegian Embassy in Cairo Royal Norwegian Embassy in Dar es Salaam Royal Norwegian Embassy in Kampala Royal Norwegian Embassy in Khartoum Royal Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs Royal Philips Rwanda Development Board (RDB) Sabre Safaricom Sage Sage HR & Payroll Said Business School - University of Oxford Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Sanofi Pasteur Save the Children Scatec Solar Sciences Po Executive Education Secrétaire d’Etat chargé du Développement et de la Francophonie ShowMax Sierra Leone Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Silvertree Holdings SimbaPay SITA Smile Telecoms Holdings Ltd Societe Generale Souq.com South African Embassy to the Federal Republic of Germany SSP Standard Bank Standard Chartered Stanford Graduate School of Business Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. State House Uganda StateCraft Sustainable Energy for All SWIFT Syngenta Tagattitude Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Tana High-Level Forum on Security in Africa Tanzania International Forum For Investments Tanzania Investment Forum 2016 Techne Summit Tegeta Tenke Fungurume Mining (TFM) Terrace Africa Terrapinn The Africa Property Investment (API) Summit The African Risk Capacity Insurance Company Limited (ARC Ltd) The African Wildlife Foundation (AWF) The Bidco Truth Coalition The Bosch Group The Center for Middle Eastern Studies, Harvard University The Consulate General of the Federal Republic of Germany in Lagos The Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) The Department of Energy, South Africa The Department of Trade and Industry, South Africa The Development Bank of Southern Africa (DBSA) The Economist Events The Economist Newspaper Limited The Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Windhoek The Embassy of the Republic of Angola in Washington, D.C. The Emirates Group The Federal Council, Switzerland The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China The Guardian The Gupta family The Holmes Group The MasterCard Foundation The Mauritius Commercial Bank Ltd (MCB) The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation The Naked Convos The Nigerian Stock Exchange Corporate News The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) The Style Group The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) The White House ThinkSearch Africa Thomson Reuters Tigo TMT Finance Tobacco Association of Malawi (TAMA) Transparency Forum Initiative (TFI) Transparency International TXF Africa 2017 U.S Embassy Nairobi, Kenya U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) U.S. Department of State U.S. Embassy - Cairo U.S. Embassy Addis Ababa, Ethiopia U.S. Embassy Cotonou - Benin U.S. Embassy in Juba U.S. Embassy in Namibia U.S. Embassy Kinshasa U.S. Embassy Pretoria, South Africa U.S. Trade and Development Agency (USTDA) Uber Uganda International Oil and Gas Summit (UIOGS) UK Export Finance UK Science & Innovation Network in South Africa UK Trade & Investment UK Trade & Investment Tanzania UN Information Centre in Cairo UN Information Centre in Pretoria (UNIC) UN Women União Europeia Delegação na República de Cabo Verde UNICEF Dakar UNICEF Ghana UNICEF Sierra Leone UNICEF Uganda United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) United Engine Corporation (UEC) United Kingdom Foreign and Commonwealth Office United Kingdom Telecommunications Academy (UKTA) United Nations - Office of the Resident Coordinator Cameroon United Nations - Office of the Spokesperson for the Secretary-General United Nations - Security Council United Nations (UN) United Nations Assistance Mission in Somalia (UNSOM) United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA) United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) United Nations Information Center in Nairobi United Nations Information Centre (UNIC) in Lagos United Nations Information Service Vienna (UNIS) United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali (MINUSMA) United Nations Office at Geneva (UNOG) United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNISDR) United Nations Office for West Africa and the Sahel (UNOWAS) United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime United Nations Office on Sport for Development and Peace (UNOSDP) United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) United Nations Regional Information Centre for Western Europe UNRIC United Nations Resident Coordinator’s Office in Tanzania United States Diplomatic Mission to Nigeria United States Embassy in Angola United States Embassy in Senegal United States Mission to Somalia United States Navy Université Internationale de Casablanca UPS Vallourec Vantage Capital Group Vardospan Vatican information Service (VIS) Venture Capital for Africa (VC4A) Verde Hotels Viber Viettel ViiV Healthcare Vilcek Foundation Visa Inc. Vox Africa Webfluential West African International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference (WAIPEC) West African Property Summit (WAPI) Western Union Holdings, Inc. WHO Regional Office for Africa WorkinAfrica.com World Communication Forum Association World Council of Churches (WCC) World Food Programme (WFP) World Future Council World Health Organization (WHO) World Health Organization (WHO) - Ethiopia World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) World Panel Inc. World Telecom Labs (WTL) World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) World Trade Organization (WTO) World Wildlife Fund (WWF) WorldRemit Wound Care Africa WrB Africa Zambia High Commission in the United Kingdom ZamReal ZCCM Investments Holdings Plc Press release Multimedia content Submit Filter by: All Video Images Documents The contents of this website are copyright-free and can be republished freely without authorisation. Sign up for free to manage your favourite content on your own user page. Announcements Students of Florida International University Explore the Contemporary Problems of Public Administration at Regional and Local Levels in Africa  - Source: United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) Oranto Launches $500-Million Oil Exploration Campaign in South Sudan  - Source: Oranto Petroleum Ltd The Nigerian Stock Exchange X-Gen News Alert - Access Bank Plc  - Source: The Nigerian Stock Exchange Corporate News African mining and energy ministers descend on TXF Africa 2017  - Source: TXF Africa 2017 Major regional Ministers to bring delegations to the 3rd Jordan International Energy Summit  - Source: Global Event Partners Ltd Go Back Multimedia content Videos (1) Rasha Kelej Chief Social Officer of Merck Healthcare. NTV interview: Merck More Than a Mother Images (14) Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO Merck Healthcare; Liz Mbuthia, Board Member, Women 4 Cancer and Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare with women cancer survivors empowered through “Merck More than a Patient” to establish their own businesses to rebuild their lives and become productive members of society Courtesy visit with Kenya’s First Lady: From left to right: Lina Ekomo, Central African Republic; Hon. Virgnie Baiokua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady, Central African Republic; H.E. Margaret Kenyatta, First Lady, Republic of Kenya; Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare; Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare and Leonard Saika, Director - Regional Head of Social Responsibility & Market Development – Africa, Merck Dignitaries at the “Merck More than a Mother” event in Nairobi with infertile women who are being supported through ‘Empowering Berna’ Project: Front row (left to right) Hon. Susan Mutua, Women Representative, Machakos; Hon. Joyce Lay, MP Taita Taveta; Hon. Virginie Baiokua, Minister for Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady, Central African Republic; H.E. Dr. Evans Kidero, Governor Nairobi County; Hon. Sarah Opendi, Minister of State for Health, Uganda; Anne Wamae, Ministry of Health, Kenya and Hon. Zuliatu Cooper, Deputy Minister of Health and Public Sanitation Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare speaks to a young school girl at Olympic School in Nairobi during the launch of the “Merck STEM for Women and Girls Program” as H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady Central African Republic and Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare listen. The event included the launch of a computer library at the school Pupils at Olympic School in Nairobi demonstrate their interest in technology during the launch of the “Merck STEM for Women and Girls” Program at the school Beatrice Nyagol, a researcher at Kenya Medical Research Institute, the 1st place winner of 2016 UNESCO-Merck Africa Research Summit ‘Best African Women Researcher Award’ is awarded at home by Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO Merck Healthcare; and H.E. Dr. Evans Kidero, Governor, Nairobi County as Prof. George Godia (left) UNESCO Ambassador for Kenya; Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare and Dr. Susan Mboya Kidero look on. The 2016 UNESCO-Merck Africa Research Summit was held in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, where Beatrice was first awarded High level panel members make their contribution on how to improve access to fertility care in Africa and reduce the stigmatization and discrimination of infertile women through a Culture Shift during the “Merck More than a Mother” event in Nairobi. From left to right: Dr. Kamini Rao, Chair Chairperson of International Institute for Training and Research in Reproductive Health, India; Hon. Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Taita Taveta, Kenya; Hon. Sarah Opendi, Minister of State for Health, Uganda; Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; Hon. Virginie Baikoua, Minister for Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Hon. Zuliatu Cooper, Deputy Minister for Health and Sanitation, Sierra Leone; Prof. Joe Leigh Simpson, Immediate Past President of International Federation of Fertility Societies; Prof. Oladapo Ashiru, President, Africa Fertility Society; Dr. Paul Le Roux, President of Southern African Society of Reproductive Medicine and Gynecological Endoscopy and Dr. Mohamed Kamal, National Coordinator, Future Assured Foundation, Nigeria Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare engages with Prof. Nicholas Abinya (left) Program Director, Medical Oncology Fellowship Program, University of Nairobi together with the first fellows of the Program – Dr. Boginkosi Shoba from South Africa and Dr. Angela McLigeyo and Dr. Ezzi Mohamed from Kenya on the need for increasing the limited number of qualified oncologists in Africa through the Merck Africa Oncology Fellowship Program From left to right: Prof. Elijah Ogola, Vice President, Pan African Society of Cardiology; Prof. Frederik Otieno, Endocrinology Specialist; Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Award winners, Elisha Ngetich, Ralph Obure, Ezekiel Osolika, Samuel Mucheru, and Sheila Wambui with Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare highlight the urgent need for diabetes and hypertension ambassadors and experts in Africa that the Awards aim to build ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on NTV Merck More Than a Mother- Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on KBC Channel1 Watch TV coverage below of the “Merck More than a Mother” and “Merck STEM women and Girls Program” in Nairobi Merck More Than a Mother with Grace Kambini AKA 'Mama Chips' Merck More Than a Mother - The Story of Empowering Grace Kambini Links (1) Merck All (16) Source: Merck | Mar 03, 2017 Merck continues to empower Kenyan women through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs Merck will inaugurate their initiative at OLYMYPIC School where they equipped their library with a Computer Lab to encourage young girls to study science and technology as part of their ‘STEM for Girls and Women’ program in Africa Print Share Favourite Copy text Get source logo VIDEO Rasha Kelej Chief Social Officer of Merck Healthcare. NTV interview: Merck More Than a Mother Share Copy Embed <iframe width="560" height="315" src="http://www.africa-newsroom.com/press/embed_video/5633/e" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen ></iframe> Through this program Merck is targeting to empower over 7,000 girls and 60 women researchers across Africa in 2017 NAIROBI, Kenya, March 3, 2017/APO/ -- ‘Merck More than a Mother’ supports infertile women through access to information, health and change of mindset. ‘Merck STEM Program for Women and Girls’ starts today in Kenya. Merck inaugurates ‘OLYMPIC School’ where they equipped the library with a computer lab as part of their program ‘STEM for Women and Girls’ in Africa. Merck (www.MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, today announces their commitment to empower Kenyan women through their ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and the start of ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs. Speaking at the event in Nairobi, Belén Garijo, Member of Executive Board and CEO of Merck Healthcare emphasized: “I believe in women empowerment and especially childless women - they are mistreated and discriminated in many cultures for being unable to have children and start a family. Empowering these women through access to information, health, and change of mind set to remove the stigma of infertility is needed. Through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ we are supporting this strong message together with our partners and we will continue our commitment to improve access to regulated and effective fertility care in Africa.” The day’s program also included a courtesy visit to Kenya’s First Lady H.E. Margaret Kenyatta at State House, Nairobi by the Merck delegation to brief her on the two programs and to explore possible areas of collaboration. The delegation consisted of H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady, Central African Republic; Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare; Virginie Baiokua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; Leonard Saika, Director - Regional Head of Social Responsibility & Market Development – Africa, Merck and Lina Ekomo, Central African Republic. Madame Brigitte Touadera, the First Lady of the Central African Republic (CAR) emphasized: “I am very happy to participate in today’s event of ‘Merck More than a Mother’ in Kenya as it follows the one we had for the Central African Republic (CAR) last month. As the champion for the initiative in CAR and for Francophone Africa, I acknowledge the role that ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is playing to break the stigma around infertile women and to raise awareness about infertility prevention, male infertility and the necessity of a team approach to family building among couples which is very critical for Africa.” “It is very important to empower infertile women through improving access to awareness and fertility care so they can bear children as part of their human rights. In case they can no longer be treated, ‘Empowering Berna’ project will contribute towards empowering and training them to establish their own small business so that they can be independent and re-build their lives – a woman is more than a mother, ‘Empowering Berna’ initiative will prove this every day,” Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer  Merck  emphasized. In 2016, over 1,000 infertile women in Kenya, Uganda, Nigeria, Ethiopia, Liberia, Ghana, Central African Republic and Cote d’Ivoire who can no longer be treated have been empowered socially and economically to lead independent and happier lives through the ‘Empowering Berna’ project. Kenya’s Cabinet Secretary for Health, Cleopa Mailu stated: “As a ministry we are happy with the strategic partnership we have with Merck in Kenya through its Merck Capacity Advancement Program initiatives which are boosting our healthcare capacity with special focus on diabetes, cancer and infertility which contribute to the country’s economic progression”. “In recognition of the important role women can play in the economic and social development of Africa, Merck is empowering them o participate in STEM where they are currently under-represented, through the ‘Merck STEM Program’ which we are launching today,” Garijo said. Merck will inaugurate their initiative at OLYMYPIC School where they equipped their library with a Computer Lab to encourage young girls to study science and technology as part of their ‘STEM for Girls and Women’ program in Africa. Furthermore, the winners of UNESCO-MARS awards will act as ambassadors in their respective countries. The Governor of Nairobi County, Evans Kidero announced during his keynote speech: “We are happy to partner with reputable and innovative companies such as Merck. We believe that the only way to effectively tackle the health and research related challenges we are facing can only be through establishing Public Private Partnership models in implementing successful programs. The size and complexity of the task is so large that no single organization or institution can manage on its own, so integration of efforts is necessary to achieve the health gains that our nation deserves”. “The Merck STEM Program will encourage our young women and girls to undertake science and technology related courses and make active contribution to the social and economic development of our country”, Kidero added. “Through this program Merck is targeting to empower over 7,000 girls and 60 women researchers across Africa in 2017 through various initiatives which include setting up computer libraries in schools similar to the one we are launching today for the first time in Kenya at Olympic School in Kibera, Nairobi, and appointing the UNESCO-MARS research award winners as ambassadors for the ‘Merck STEM Program’ ” Rasha Kelej added. About ‘Merck STEM for Girls and Women’: “The program started UNESCO-Merck Africa Research Summit (UNESCO-MARS) as its first initiative that has been held annually since 2015. UNESCO-MARS aims to build research capacity and empower young African researchers with special focus on empowering women in the fields of  research and healthcare to raise the level of scientific research in Africa and improve access to health solutions in the continent,” explained Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. During the 2016 UNESCO-MARS, the ‘Best African Women Researchers Awards’ were launched for the first time with the aim of promoting women in STEM that saw five women researchers from across Africa recognized for the quality of their research. The first award went to Beatrice Nyagol from Kenya Medical Research Institute, who was also celebrated during the event in Nairobi. During the event, a high level panel discussion by fertility experts and policy makers called for action to break the stigma around infertile women; raising awareness about infertility prevention and management; defining policies to regulate ART; improving access to cost effective fertility care by integrating it into public reproductive health services and building fertility care capacity and providing training to African embryologists. The high level panel included: Sarah Opendi, Minister of State of Health, Uganda;  Zuliatu Cooper, Deputy Minister of Health and Sanitation, Sierra Leone; Virginie Baikoua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, CAR; Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Kenya; Oladapo Ashiru, President of Africa Fertility Society; Joe Simpson, Past President, International Federation of Fertility Societies; Paul Le Roux, President of Southern African Society of Reproductive Medicine and Gynaecological Endoscopy; Kamini Rao, Chair International Institute for Training & Research in Reproductive Health, India; Mohamed Kamal, President of Future Assured Foundation, Nigeria and Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare.  In addition to Kenya, ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is already being implemented in Uganda, Ethiopia, Ghana, Liberia, Tanzania, Nigeria, Cote D’Ivoire and CAR. During the event Merck also highlighted other CAP initiatives in Kenya: ‘Merck Cancer Access Program’ which aims to increase the number of qualified oncologists through ‘Merck Africa Oncology Fellowship Program’ in partnership with the University of Nairobi, Kenya and Tata Memorial Hospital in India. Furthermore, Merck aims to support women cancer survivors to establish their own small business so that they can lead an independent and productive life through ‘Merck More than a Patient’ initiative. ‘Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Awards’ with the aim to building a platform of diabetes and hypertension experts across the globe through a one year online diabetes and cardiovascular medicine diploma at University of South Wales, United Kingdom. In 2016 six winners from Kenyan universities received the awards. Watch videos below of TV interviews in Kenya with Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare and Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Taita Taveta, Kenya as they speak on infertility and what ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative is doing in Africa: ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on NTV: www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8epfQXl0_E&t=633s; ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on KBC Channel1: www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_vZLRyLkV8&t=1228s; Watch TV coverage below of the ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM women and Girls Program’ in Nairobi: https://youtu.be/JlcV3LE3sK8; Coverage of ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’, Kenya on Ebru TV: https://youtu.be/JlcV3LE3sK8. Watch below videos on the story of Grace Kambini, an infertile woman from Kenya before and after she enrolled in ‘Merck More than a Mother’s’ ‘Empowering Berna’ Program: ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ with Grace Kambini AKA ‘Mama Chips’: www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BdE5i9x02o; ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - The Story of Empowering Grace Kambini: https://youtu.be/7VzfaV6inpA. Distributed by APO on behalf of Merck. Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO Merck Healthcare; Liz Mbuthia, Board Member, Women 4 Cancer and Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare with women cancer survivors empowered through “Merck More than a Patient” to establish their own businesses to rebuild their lives and become productive members of society Download Share Courtesy visit with Kenya’s First Lady: From left to right: Lina Ekomo, Central African Republic; Hon. Virgnie Baiokua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady, Central African Republic; H.E. Margaret Kenyatta, First Lady, Republic of Kenya; Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare; Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare and Leonard Saika, Director - Regional Head of Social Responsibility & Market Development – Africa, Merck Download Share Dignitaries at the “Merck More than a Mother” event in Nairobi with infertile women who are being supported through ‘Empowering Berna’ Project: Front row (left to right) Hon. Susan Mutua, Women Representative, Machakos; Hon. Joyce Lay, MP Taita Taveta; Hon. Virginie Baiokua, Minister for Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady, Central African Republic; H.E. Dr. Evans Kidero, Governor Nairobi County; Hon. Sarah Opendi, Minister of State for Health, Uganda; Anne Wamae, Ministry of Health, Kenya and Hon. Zuliatu Cooper, Deputy Minister of Health and Public Sanitation Download Share Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare speaks to a young school girl at Olympic School in Nairobi during the launch of the “Merck STEM for Women and Girls Program” as H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady Central African Republic and Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare listen. The event included the launch of a computer library at the school Download Share Pupils at Olympic School in Nairobi demonstrate their interest in technology during the launch of the “Merck STEM for Women and Girls” Program at the school Download Share Beatrice Nyagol, a researcher at Kenya Medical Research Institute, the 1st place winner of 2016 UNESCO-Merck Africa Research Summit ‘Best African Women Researcher Award’ is awarded at home by Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO Merck Healthcare; and H.E. Dr. Evans Kidero, Governor, Nairobi County as Prof. George Godia (left) UNESCO Ambassador for Kenya; Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare and Dr. Susan Mboya Kidero look on. The 2016 UNESCO-Merck Africa Research Summit was held in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, where Beatrice was first awarded Download Share High level panel members make their contribution on how to improve access to fertility care in Africa and reduce the stigmatization and discrimination of infertile women through a Culture Shift during the “Merck More than a Mother” event in Nairobi. From left to right: Dr. Kamini Rao, Chair Chairperson of International Institute for Training and Research in Reproductive Health, India; Hon. Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Taita Taveta, Kenya; Hon. Sarah Opendi, Minister of State for Health, Uganda; Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; Hon. Virginie Baikoua, Minister for Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Hon. Zuliatu Cooper, Deputy Minister for Health and Sanitation, Sierra Leone; Prof. Joe Leigh Simpson, Immediate Past President of International Federation of Fertility Societies; Prof. Oladapo Ashiru, President, Africa Fertility Society; Dr. Paul Le Roux, President of Southern African Society of Reproductive Medicine and Gynecological Endoscopy and Dr. Mohamed Kamal, National Coordinator, Future Assured Foundation, Nigeria Download Share Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare engages with Prof. Nicholas Abinya (left) Program Director, Medical Oncology Fellowship Program, University of Nairobi together with the first fellows of the Program – Dr. Boginkosi Shoba from South Africa and Dr. Angela McLigeyo and Dr. Ezzi Mohamed from Kenya on the need for increasing the limited number of qualified oncologists in Africa through the Merck Africa Oncology Fellowship Program Download Share From left to right: Prof. Elijah Ogola, Vice President, Pan African Society of Cardiology; Prof. Frederik Otieno, Endocrinology Specialist; Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Award winners, Elisha Ngetich, Ralph Obure, Ezekiel Osolika, Samuel Mucheru, and Sheila Wambui with Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare highlight the urgent need for diabetes and hypertension ambassadors and experts in Africa that the Awards aim to build Download Share ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on NTV Download Share Merck More Than a Mother- Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on KBC Channel1 Download Share Watch TV coverage below of the “Merck More than a Mother” and “Merck STEM women and Girls Program” in Nairobi Download Share Merck More Than a Mother with Grace Kambini AKA 'Mama Chips' Download Share Merck More Than a Mother - The Story of Empowering Grace Kambini Download Share Media contact: Grace Mukasa +254 711 794 081 About Merck Capacity Advancement Program - Merck CAP: The Merck Capacity Advancement Program (CAP) is a ten-year program aiming to expand professional capacity in developing countries in the areas of research and development, advocacy building, supply-chain integrity and efficiency, pharmacovigilance, medical education, and community awareness. It was established in 2012. Merck CAP signature initiatives include the following: Merck Universities Program, Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Awards, Merck Cancer Access Program, Merck More than a Mother and “Merck STEM Program for Girls and Women”. Twitter handle: MerckCAP Facebook page: Merck Capacity Advancement Program YouTube Channel: Merck Capacity Advancement Program About Merck More than a Mother: The aim is to empower infertile women in Africa through improving access to information, health, change mind-set and economic empowerment. Please visit to www.MerckMoreThanaMother.com for more information. “Merck More than a Mother” Strategy and Objectives: 1.    Create a culture shift to de-stigmatize infertility and to build respect and understanding around infertile women in Africa. 2.    Raise awareness about infertility prevention management and male infertility by integrating the topics into existing healthcare infrastructure, such as HIV, maternal health, and mother and child programs. 3.    Education and training for African embryologists to build the needed capacity. 4.    Supporting policy makers to define artificial reproductive therapy (ART) policies to improve access to regulated fertility care. 5.    Building advocacy and open dialogue and working closely with governments, policy makers, parliaments, healthcare providers, fertility experts and the media to define interventions that will reduce social suffering and improve access to regulated, effective and safe fertility care in Africa. 6.    Empowering infertile women socially and economically through access to education and healthcare, and by changing mind-sets. For example, empowering women who cannot be treated by helping them to start a small business through the “Empowering Berna" project.  Twitter handle: MerckandMothers Facebook page: Merckmorethanamother YouTube: Merck More than a Mother About Merck Cancer Access Program: Merck has started this program in Africa with two initiatives: 1.    Merck Africa Medical Oncology Program The first Medical Oncology Fellowship Program for Sub-Saharan Africa held at the University of Nairobi, Kenya and at Tata Memorial Centre in India, with the aim to increase the limited number of qualified oncologists in the continent. 2.    Merck More than a Patient initiative  In partnership with cancer patients’ organizations across Africa, this will support women cancer survivors to establish small businesses in order to re-build their independent lives and become productive members of society.  Twitter: Merck_MCCP and #MerckCancerTips Facebook: Merck Cancer Control Program YouTube: Merck Cancer Control Program  About Merck Universities Program: The program provides European accredited diabetes and hypertension management for medical undergraduates and postgraduates from African universities. It enables them to become diabetes and hypertension ambassadors across the continent, especially in rural areas. More than 12,000 medical students from Angola, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Mozambique, Namibia, Tanzania and Uganda have benefited from this program and we aim to reach 25,000 by 2018. Merck launched the “Merck Diabetes Award” and the “Merck Hypertension Award” in March 2016 as part of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program for Africa and Asia with the aim to build a platform of diabetes and hypertension experts across the globe.  Merck STEM for Women and Girls: Through its annual platform UNESCO Merck Africa Research Summit, the Merck STEM program aims to empower young and women African researchers in order to prepare for the road ahead in Africa’s development as an international hub for research excellence and scientific innovation. Furthermore Merck has launched for the first time, “MARS best African Women Researcher Award” to empower women in the fields of Research and healthcare.   Twitter handle: @Merck_MARS Facebook: Merck Africa Research Summit YouTube: Merck Africa Research Summit Please visit www.UNESCO-MARS.com for more information.  To read more about Merck Capacity Advancement Program initiatives in Africa, visit www.Merck-CAP.com and www.Merck-Africa.com.  All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to www.MerckGroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service.  About Merck: Merck (www.MerckGroup.com) is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Africa Central African Republic Ethiopia Ghana Health India Kenya Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Tanzania Uganda United Kingdom Women Merck continues to empower Kenyan women through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs Merck will inaugurate their initiative at OLYMYPIC School where they equipped their library with a Computer Lab to encourage young girls to study science and technology as part of their ‘STEM for Girls and Women’ program in Africa NAIROBI, Kenya, March 3, 2017/APO/ -- ‘Merck More than a Mother’ supports infertile women through access to information, health and change of mindset. ‘Merck STEM Program for Women and Girls’ starts today in Kenya. Merck inaugurates ‘OLYMPIC School’ where they equipped the library with a computer lab as part of their program ‘STEM for Women and Girls’ in Africa. Merck (www.MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, today announces their commitment to empower Kenyan women through their ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and the start of ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs. Speaking at the event in Nairobi, Belén Garijo, Member of Executive Board and CEO of Merck Healthcare emphasized: “I believe in women empowerment and especially childless women - they are mistreated and discriminated in many cultures for being unable to have children and start a family. Empowering these women through access to information, health, and change of mind set to remove the stigma of infertility is needed. Through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ we are supporting this strong message together with our partners and we will continue our commitment to improve access to regulated and effective fertility care in Africa.” The day’s program also included a courtesy visit to Kenya’s First Lady H.E. Margaret Kenyatta at State House, Nairobi by the Merck delegation to brief her on the two programs and to explore possible areas of collaboration. The delegation consisted of H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady, Central African Republic; Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare; Virginie Baiokua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; Leonard Saika, Director - Regional Head of Social Responsibility & Market Development – Africa, Merck and Lina Ekomo, Central African Republic. Madame Brigitte Touadera, the First Lady of the Central African Republic (CAR) emphasized: “I am very happy to participate in today’s event of ‘Merck More than a Mother’ in Kenya as it follows the one we had for the Central African Republic (CAR) last month. As the champion for the initiative in CAR and for Francophone Africa, I acknowledge the role that ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is playing to break the stigma around infertile women and to raise awareness about infertility prevention, male infertility and the necessity of a team approach to family building among couples which is very critical for Africa.” “It is very important to empower infertile women through improving access to awareness and fertility care so they can bear children as part of their human rights. In case they can no longer be treated, ‘Empowering Berna’ project will contribute towards empowering and training them to establish their own small business so that they can be independent and re-build their lives – a woman is more than a mother, ‘Empowering Berna’ initiative will prove this every day,” Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer  Merck  emphasized. In 2016, over 1,000 infertile women in Kenya, Uganda, Nigeria, Ethiopia, Liberia, Ghana, Central African Republic and Cote d’Ivoire who can no longer be treated have been empowered socially and economically to lead independent and happier lives through the ‘Empowering Berna’ project. Kenya’s Cabinet Secretary for Health, Cleopa Mailu stated: “As a ministry we are happy with the strategic partnership we have with Merck in Kenya through its Merck Capacity Advancement Program initiatives which are boosting our healthcare capacity with special focus on diabetes, cancer and infertility which contribute to the country’s economic progression”. “In recognition of the important role women can play in the economic and social development of Africa, Merck is empowering them o participate in STEM where they are currently under-represented, through the ‘Merck STEM Program’ which we are launching today,” Garijo said. Merck will inaugurate their initiative at OLYMYPIC School where they equipped their library with a Computer Lab to encourage young girls to study science and technology as part of their ‘STEM for Girls and Women’ program in Africa. Furthermore, the winners of UNESCO-MARS awards will act as ambassadors in their respective countries. The Governor of Nairobi County, Evans Kidero announced during his keynote speech: “We are happy to partner with reputable and innovative companies such as Merck. We believe that the only way to effectively tackle the health and research related challenges we are facing can only be through establishing Public Private Partnership models in implementing successful programs. The size and complexity of the task is so large that no single organization or institution can manage on its own, so integration of efforts is necessary to achieve the health gains that our nation deserves”. “The Merck STEM Program will encourage our young women and girls to undertake science and technology related courses and make active contribution to the social and economic development of our country”, Kidero added. “Through this program Merck is targeting to empower over 7,000 girls and 60 women researchers across Africa in 2017 through various initiatives which include setting up computer libraries in schools similar to the one we are launching today for the first time in Kenya at Olympic School in Kibera, Nairobi, and appointing the UNESCO-MARS research award winners as ambassadors for the ‘Merck STEM Program’ ” Rasha Kelej added. About ‘Merck STEM for Girls and Women’: “The program started UNESCO-Merck Africa Research Summit (UNESCO-MARS) as its first initiative that has been held annually since 2015. UNESCO-MARS aims to build research capacity and empower young African researchers with special focus on empowering women in the fields of  research and healthcare to raise the level of scientific research in Africa and improve access to health solutions in the continent,” explained Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. During the 2016 UNESCO-MARS, the ‘Best African Women Researchers Awards’ were launched for the first time with the aim of promoting women in STEM that saw five women researchers from across Africa recognized for the quality of their research. The first award went to Beatrice Nyagol from Kenya Medical Research Institute, who was also celebrated during the event in Nairobi. During the event, a high level panel discussion by fertility experts and policy makers called for action to break the stigma around infertile women; raising awareness about infertility prevention and management; defining policies to regulate ART; improving access to cost effective fertility care by integrating it into public reproductive health services and building fertility care capacity and providing training to African embryologists. The high level panel included: Sarah Opendi, Minister of State of Health, Uganda;  Zuliatu Cooper, Deputy Minister of Health and Sanitation, Sierra Leone; Virginie Baikoua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, CAR; Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Kenya; Oladapo Ashiru, President of Africa Fertility Society; Joe Simpson, Past President, International Federation of Fertility Societies; Paul Le Roux, President of Southern African Society of Reproductive Medicine and Gynaecological Endoscopy; Kamini Rao, Chair International Institute for Training & Research in Reproductive Health, India; Mohamed Kamal, President of Future Assured Foundation, Nigeria and Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare.  In addition to Kenya, ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is already being implemented in Uganda, Ethiopia, Ghana, Liberia, Tanzania, Nigeria, Cote D’Ivoire and CAR. During the event Merck also highlighted other CAP initiatives in Kenya: ‘Merck Cancer Access Program’ which aims to increase the number of qualified oncologists through ‘Merck Africa Oncology Fellowship Program’ in partnership with the University of Nairobi, Kenya and Tata Memorial Hospital in India. Furthermore, Merck aims to support women cancer survivors to establish their own small business so that they can lead an independent and productive life through ‘Merck More than a Patient’ initiative. ‘Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Awards’ with the aim to building a platform of diabetes and hypertension experts across the globe through a one year online diabetes and cardiovascular medicine diploma at University of South Wales, United Kingdom. In 2016 six winners from Kenyan universities received the awards. Watch videos below of TV interviews in Kenya with Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare and Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Taita Taveta, Kenya as they speak on infertility and what ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative is doing in Africa: ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on NTV: www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8epfQXl0_E&t=633s; ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on KBC Channel1: www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_vZLRyLkV8&t=1228s; Watch TV coverage below of the ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM women and Girls Program’ in Nairobi: https://youtu.be/JlcV3LE3sK8; Coverage of ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’, Kenya on Ebru TV: https://youtu.be/JlcV3LE3sK8. Watch below videos on the story of Grace Kambini, an infertile woman from Kenya before and after she enrolled in ‘Merck More than a Mother’s’ ‘Empowering Berna’ Program: ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ with Grace Kambini AKA ‘Mama Chips’: www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BdE5i9x02o; ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - The Story of Empowering Grace Kambini: https://youtu.be/7VzfaV6inpA. Distributed by APO on behalf of Merck. Media contact: Grace Mukasa +254 711 794 081 About Merck Capacity Advancement Program - Merck CAP: The Merck Capacity Advancement Program (CAP) is a ten-year program aiming to expand professional capacity in developing countries in the areas of research and development, advocacy building, supply-chain integrity and efficiency, pharmacovigilance, medical education, and community awareness. It was established in 2012. Merck CAP signature initiatives include the following: Merck Universities Program, Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Awards, Merck Cancer Access Program, Merck More than a Mother and “Merck STEM Program for Girls and Women”. Twitter handle: MerckCAP Facebook page: Merck Capacity Advancement Program YouTube Channel: Merck Capacity Advancement Program About Merck More than a Mother: The aim is to empower infertile women in Africa through improving access to information, health, change mind-set and economic empowerment. Please visit to www.MerckMoreThanaMother.com for more information. “Merck More than a Mother” Strategy and Objectives: 1.    Create a culture shift to de-stigmatize infertility and to build respect and understanding around infertile women in Africa. 2.    Raise awareness about infertility prevention management and male infertility by integrating the topics into existing healthcare infrastructure, such as HIV, maternal health, and mother and child programs. 3.    Education and training for African embryologists to build the needed capacity. 4.    Supporting policy makers to define artificial reproductive therapy (ART) policies to improve access to regulated fertility care. 5.    Building advocacy and open dialogue and working closely with governments, policy makers, parliaments, healthcare providers, fertility experts and the media to define interventions that will reduce social suffering and improve access to regulated, effective and safe fertility care in Africa. 6.    Empowering infertile women socially and economically through access to education and healthcare, and by changing mind-sets. For example, empowering women who cannot be treated by helping them to start a small business through the “Empowering Berna" project.  Twitter handle: MerckandMothers Facebook page: Merckmorethanamother YouTube: Merck More than a Mother About Merck Cancer Access Program: Merck has started this program in Africa with two initiatives: 1.    Merck Africa Medical Oncology Program The first Medical Oncology Fellowship Program for Sub-Saharan Africa held at the University of Nairobi, Kenya and at Tata Memorial Centre in India, with the aim to increase the limited number of qualified oncologists in the continent. 2.    Merck More than a Patient initiative  In partnership with cancer patients’ organizations across Africa, this will support women cancer survivors to establish small businesses in order to re-build their independent lives and become productive members of society.  Twitter: Merck_MCCP and #MerckCancerTips Facebook: Merck Cancer Control Program YouTube: Merck Cancer Control Program  About Merck Universities Program: The program provides European accredited diabetes and hypertension management for medical undergraduates and postgraduates from African universities. It enables them to become diabetes and hypertension ambassadors across the continent, especially in rural areas. More than 12,000 medical students from Angola, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Mozambique, Namibia, Tanzania and Uganda have benefited from this program and we aim to reach 25,000 by 2018. Merck launched the “Merck Diabetes Award” and the “Merck Hypertension Award” in March 2016 as part of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program for Africa and Asia with the aim to build a platform of diabetes and hypertension experts across the globe.  Merck STEM for Women and Girls: Through its annual platform UNESCO Merck Africa Research Summit, the Merck STEM program aims to empower young and women African researchers in order to prepare for the road ahead in Africa’s development as an international hub for research excellence and scientific innovation. Furthermore Merck has launched for the first time, “MARS best African Women Researcher Award” to empower women in the fields of Research and healthcare.   Twitter handle: @Merck_MARS Facebook: Merck Africa Research Summit YouTube: Merck Africa Research Summit Please visit www.UNESCO-MARS.com for more information.  To read more about Merck Capacity Advancement Program initiatives in Africa, visit www.Merck-CAP.com and www.Merck-Africa.com.  All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to www.MerckGroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service.  About Merck: Merck (www.MerckGroup.com) is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Text copied to clipboard. ×Close Get freeAfrica-related contentOn your website, on your mobile, to your e-mail inbox... Twitter APO English Follow APO French Follow APO Arabic Follow APO Portuguese Follow RSS feeds Click to subscribe Recommended Source: United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) | Mar 07, 2017 Students of Florida International University Explore the Contemporary Problems of Public Administration at Regional and Local Levels in Africa This study visit has been arranged in partnership with the Ecole Nationale Supérieure de l’Administration (ENSA), the University of Al Akhawayn (AUI) and the International University of Rabat (UIR) Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Oranto Petroleum Ltd | Mar 06, 2017 Oranto Launches $500-Million Oil Exploration Campaign in South Sudan Oranto Petroleum will invest $500 million to develop South Sudan’s Block B3, launching a comprehensive exploration campaign starting immediately Read more Share Favourite Print Source: The Nigerian Stock Exchange Corporate News | Mar 06, 2017 The Nigerian Stock Exchange X-Gen News Alert - Access Bank Plc Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Global Event Partners Ltd | Mar 06, 2017 Major regional Ministers to bring delegations to the 3rd Jordan International Energy Summit The JIES Summit is centered around a world-class programme with speakers from Governments, global energy companies and experts Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Sage | Mar 06, 2017 Sage Summit Tour sets out a vision to move business builders towards a world of invisible admin by 2020 Sage customers and business partners will hear about the future of work and the next wave of digital transformation at Summit in South Africa Read more Share Favourite Print Subscribe to newsfeed Recommended categories Africa Foreign Policy Business Events/Media Advisory South Africa Middle East Ethiopia Nigeria African Development United Kingdom Most viewed Source: United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) | Mar 07, 2017 Students of Florida International University Explore the Contemporary Problems of Public Administration at Regional and Local Levels in Africa This study visit has been arranged in partnership with the Ecole Nationale Supérieure de l’Administration (ENSA), the University of Al Akhawayn (AUI) and the International University of Rabat (UIR) Read more Share Favourite Print Source: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation | Mar 06, 2017 Press Release on the Russian-South African protocol on reciprocal abolition of visa requirements Under the Protocol’s provisions, citizens of Russia and South Africa travelling without the intention of working, studying or living in the other country’s territory, are free from visa requirements Read more Share Favourite Print Source: African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) | Mar 06, 2017 12th Meeting of the Implementation Follow-Up Commission of the Doha Document convenes in Khartoum The Commission discussed the progress made and the challenges faced in the implementation of the DDPD since its last meeting which was held on 9 May 2016, also in Khartoum Read more Share Favourite Print Source: United Nations (UN) | Mar 06, 2017 In Niger, Security Council links aid and development in fight against Boko Haram The Security Council – which is in the Lake Chad Basin to draw attention to the humanitarian and development needs of a region grappling with Boko Haram's terror – visited for the first time Niger, one of the poorest countries in the world Read more Share Favourite Print Source: British High Commission - Yaounde | Mar 06, 2017 Cameroon: Remarks to the press by Ambassador Matthew Rycroft The UK Permanent Representative to the United Nations was in Cameroon during the UN Security Council visit to the Lake Chad Basin Read more Share Favourite Print Most shared Source: Oranto Petroleum Ltd | Mar 06, 2017 Oranto Launches $500-Million Oil Exploration Campaign in South Sudan Oranto Petroleum will invest $500 million to develop South Sudan’s Block B3, launching a comprehensive exploration campaign starting immediately Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Sage | Mar 06, 2017 Sage Summit Tour sets out a vision to move business builders towards a world of invisible admin by 2020 Sage customers and business partners will hear about the future of work and the next wave of digital transformation at Summit in South Africa Read more Share Favourite Print Source: MainOne | Mar 03, 2017 Recession: Nigerian businesses can remain profitable with outsourced Data Center and Cloud solutions Leading enterprise businesses in Nigeria have confirmed how MainOne’s data center service has helped reduce their operational and capital expenses while enhancing flexibility and agility Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Facebook | Mar 01, 2017 Facebook's Chief Product Officer visits Ghana to learn from its tech and creative talent Chris’s visit is part of a week-long trip to Nigeria, Ghana and Senegal where Chris is keen to understand how creatives, developers and entrepreneurs are using mobile technology to create services, content and businesses that address local needs Read more Share Favourite Print Privacy Policy Terms of service Sitemap Linkedin Facebook Google + It Pinterest Sync Video × Login OR Forgot your password?Don’t have an account? Sign up here Login
× We use cookies to improve your experience. By your continued use of this site you accept such use. About Contact Log In/Signup en fr pt ar Toggle navigation Menu Home Press Offices Sources List Get APO Content Send a press release Advertising Agriculture Art Aviation/Airlines Banking/Finance Books Chemical Computers Defense/Aerospace Education Electricity Entertainment Environment Food/Beverages Health Infectious Diseases Infrastructure Insurance Internet Technology Investment Logistics Maritime Mining Mobile Motoring Movies Music Oil and Gas Pharmaceutical Renewable energy Retail Sport Telecommunications Textile Tobacco Tourism Transport Wood African Development Animals Asia Awards Business Children Economy Energy European Government Events/Media Advisory Foreign Policy Handicapped/Disabled Humanitarian Aid Justice/Legal issues Labour market Not For Profit Oil/Gas discoveries Personnel announcements Religion Trade Urbanism/Cities Water/Sanitation Women Afghanistan Africa Algeria Angola Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Benin Botswana Brazil Brunei Darussalam Burkina Faso Burundi California Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad China Comoros Congo (Republic of the) Cuba Democratic Republic of Congo Denmark Djibouti Egypt Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Finland France Gabon Gambia Germany Ghana Greece Guinea Guinea-Bissau Illinois India Ireland Islamic Republic of Iran Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Jordan Kenya Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Kuwait Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Mali Malta Mauritania Mauritius Middle East MONACO Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zeland Niger Nigeria Norway Portugal Russia Rwanda Sao Tome and Principe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sudan Swaziland Switzerland Tanzania The People's Republic of China Togo Tunisia Turkey Uganda United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Vatican Zambia Zimbabwe _ A New Earth, organic and eco-living store Access Power Action Against Hunger - ACF-UK Action contre la Faim (ACF) Advanced Finance & Investment Group LLC (AFIG Funds) Aera Group Africa 2.0 Africa Business Forum Africa Feeds Africa Finance Corporation (AFC) Africa Initiative for Governance Africa Luxury Hospitality Africa News Latest Africa Oil & Power conference Africa PPP Africa Progress Panel (APP) Africa Regional Media Hub Africa Shared Value Summit Africa-PPB-EXPO Tanzania 2016 AfricaBusinessForum.com African Alliances for Women Empowerment and Africa Fertility Society African Alliances of Women Empowerment African Blogger Awards African Centre for Justice and Peace Studies (ACJPS) African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights (African Court) African Development Bank Group African Entrepreneurship Award (AEA) African Innovation Foundation (AIF) African Institute for Mathematical Sciences (AIMS) African Leadership African Leadership Academy (ALA) African Mineral Development Centre African Securities Exchanges Association (ASEA) African Society for Laboratory Medicine (ASLM) African Trade Insurance Agency (ATI) African Union Commission (AUC) African Union Peace and Security Department African Union Sports Council (AUSC) African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) African Viral Hepatitis Summit 2016 AfricanStates.info Afrinection Afrique Telecom AfroCan Resources Gold Ltd AfroChampions Initiative AGCO Corporation Agence de Promotion de l'Investissement Extérieur (FIPA) - Tunisie Agence française de développement (AFD) Aggreko plc Agility AGYP Aid & International Development Forum AIM Congress Al Yah Satellite Communications Company PrJSC, "Yahsat" Aleda SAS Aleph Hospitality ALN Alpha Capital International Ambassade d'Allemagne à Tunis Ambassade d'Allemagne au Togo Ambassade de France au Cameroun Ambassade de France au Sénégal Ambassade de France en Algérie Ambassade de France en Guinée et en Sierra Leone Ambassade de l’Etat de Palestine au Sénégal Ambassade de la Republique du Rwanda en France Ambassade des Etats-Unis au Burkina Faso Ambassade des Etats-Unis au Senegal Ambassade des Etats-Unis d'Amérique au Maroc Ambassade du Burkina Faso à Paris Ambassade du Canada République démocratique du Congo Ambassade du Japon au Burundi American Institutes for Research (AIR) Amnesty International AMPION.org Angola Cables Antoine Glaser APO Group Appolonia - City of Light Argus Media Arise ASKY Airlines Aurecon Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Australian Embassy (Union of Comoros & Madagascar) Australian Embassy in Zimbabwe Australian High Commission - Nigeria Australian High Commission in Ghana Australian High Commission in Kenya Australian High Commission in Pretoria, South Africa AviaDev Africa Avon Peaking Power Pty Ltd Bamba Group Bamboo Finance Basic Lead LLC Bayport Management Ltd BearingPoint Bench Events Best Western Hotels & Resorts Better Than Cash BIA Overseas s.a. Bidco Africa Black First Land First Black Opinion BON Cloud Bourse Régionale des Valeurs Mobilières (BRVM) Brand South Africa British Embassy Addis Ababa British Embassy Antananarivo British Embassy Banjul British Embassy Cairo British Embassy Conakry British Embassy Dakar British Embassy Harare British Embassy in Tunis British Embassy Juba British Embassy Khartoum British Embassy Kinshasa British Embassy Luanda British Embassy Mogadishu British Embassy Rabat British High Commission - Lilongwe British High Commission - Lusaka British High Commission - Maputo British High Commission - Yaounde British High Commission Abuja British High Commission Accra British High Commission Dar es Salaam British High Commission Freetown British High Commission Gaborone British High Commission in Seychelles British High Commission Kampala British High Commission Nairobi British High Commission Port Louis British High Commission Pretoria British High Commission Windhoek Bugala Farmers Association Business Journal Cambridge Broadband Networks (CBNL) Cambridge International Examinations Canada - The Prime Minister's Office Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group CaseWare Africa CashlessAfrica Caterpillar Inc. CDNetworks Centers for Disease Control & Prevention (CDC) Central Bank of Kenya Centre d'Information des Nations Unies (CINU) Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso Centre d’Information des Nations Unies de Ouagadougou Centurion Law Group Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Cherie Blair Foundation for Women CISCO Citizens Commission on Human Rights International (CCHR) Claviger Middle East Climate Investment Funds CNBC Africa Code Blue campaign Commission de l'océan Indien (COI) Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) Commonwealth Secretariat Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation (CTO) Commune de Meckhé (Sénégal) Control Risks Group Holdings Ltd Council of the European Union CWC Group Limited CyberXchange Dangote Group DEAL 2016 (Dubai Entertainment Amusement and Leisure) Delegação da União Europeia em Angola Delegação da União Europeia na Guiné-Bissau Délégation de l'Union européenne au Burkina Faso Délégation de l'Union européenne au Togo Délégation de l'Union européenne en Tunisie Delegation of the European Union to the Republic of Mauritius Delegation of the European Union to Ghana Delegation of the European Union to Guinea Delegation of the European Union to Liberia Delegation of the European Union to Mozambique Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Deloitte Department for International Development (DFID) Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Ireland Department of Foreign Affairs Canada Derou & Partners Deutsche Post DHL DFID Malawi Digital Kenya Discovery Communications, LLC DMWA Resources Dr Walter Mzembi Dubai Chamber of Commerce & Industry ECAir (Equatorial Congo Airlines) Ecobank Econet Group Edelman Egyptian Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (MCIT) Ehiedu Iweriebor Eko Atlantic Embassy of Algerie to the United States of America Embassy of Cuba in South Africa Embassy of Denmark in Ghana Embassy of Denmark in Tanzania Embassy of Finland in Nairobi Embassy of France in Nigeria Embassy of France to Ghana Embassy of Japan in Kenya Embassy of Japan in Somalia Embassy of Japan in South Sudan Embassy of Japan to the Republic of Seychelles Embassy of Switzerland in Tanzania Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Tanzania Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany Kampala Embassy of the Republic of Mali to the United States of America Embassy of the Republic of Poland in Pretoria Embassy of the Republic of Sierra Leone in the Republic of Korea Embassy of the Republic of the Sudan - Washington DC Embassy of the Russian Federation in Nigeria Embassy of the United States - Accra - Ghana Embassy of the United States in Algiers, Algeria Embassy of the United States of America in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire EMRC Endeavour Mining Corporation Energy and Environment Partnership Programme with Southern and East Africa (EEP S&EA) EnergyNet Ltd. ENGIE EQS Group Etisalat Etix Group EU Delegation to Kenya EU Delegation to Rwanda EU Delegation to Somalia EUNAVFOR Atalanta EuroFresh Exotics European Commission European Council European Court of Auditors (ECA) European External Action Service (EEAS) European Investment Bank (EIB) European Law Students’ Association (ELSA) European Parliament European Union European Union Delegation to the African Union Export Development Canada EXX AFRICA EY Facebook Fairtrade Messe und Ausstellungs GmbH & Co. KG Federal Department of Economic Affairs, Education and Research, Switzerland Federal Department of Foreign Affairs Switzerland Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade & Investment, Nigeria Federal Ministry Republic of Austria Federal Republic of Somalia - Office of the President Federal-Mogul Corporation Fédération internationale de football association (FIFA) FedEx Corp. Financial Nigeria International Limited flydubai Fondation BGFIBank Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) For Africa Forever Fortinet Forum de Bamako Freedom House French Embassy in Kenya French Embassy in Kenya and Somalia Frost & Sullivan Fundo Soberano de Angola Garmin Southern Africa GBS Africa GE Gemalto GeoPoll German Embassy in Dar es Salaam German Embassy in Gaborone German Embassy Khartoum German Embassy Nairobi Germany - Federal Foreign Office Germany-Africa Business Forum Gigawatt Global Global Event Partners Ltd Global Pacific & Partners Global Witness Globeleq Government of Botswana Government of Canada Greenpeace Hilton Worldwide Hip Africa Hitachi Data Systems Hotelnownow Hotwire Human Factors International (HFI) Human Rights Watch (HRW) Human RightWorking Group (HRWG) on Somalia Humpherys Elkington Ltd HWB ICS Financial Systems (ICSFS) IEC (International Electrotechnical Commission) IGN France International Imani Indorama Corporation Informa Telecoms & Media Ingenico Group Initiative for Global Development (IGD) Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) Interactive Intelligence, Inc. International Air Transport Association (IATA) International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) International Bureau of Fiscal Documentation (IBFD) International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) International Conference on the Great Lakes Region International Criminal Court (ICC) International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid-Tropics (ICRISAT) International Data Corporation (IDC) International Diamond Conference 2015 International Enterprise (IE) Singapore International Expo-Consults (IEC) International Federation of Human Rights (FIDH) International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) International Forum on Islamic Finance (IFIF) International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) International Indigenous Working Group on HIV & AIDS (IIWGHA) International Monetary Fund (IMF) International Office of Migration (IOM) International Raelian Movement (IRM) International Road Transport Organisation (IRU) Internet Society (ISOC) INTERPOL INTL FCStone Inc. Intracom Telecom Invest in Data Center Africa Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector (ICD) Islamic Development Bank Group (IDB Group) JLL JMG Limited Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Jumia Jwebi Kalangala Oil Palm Growers Association (KOPGA) Kamaleon Kariuki Communication Kaspersky Ken Research Kingdom of Belgium - Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation Kirusa Knight Frank LLP Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences (KFAS) Kuwait International Health Safety and Environment Conference and Exhibition (KIHSE) KWESÉ L'Oréal Group Lebanon International Oil & Gas Summit (LIOG) Light Reading LittleBigSouls International Charitable Foundation Louis Berger Mahindra Comviva MainOne Mainstream Renewable Power MAN Diesel & Turbo Mara Foundation Marché Financier de l'Afrique Centrale (COSUMAF) Marriott International, Inc. McKinsey & Company Médecins sans frontières (MSF) Media Institute of Southern Africa (MISA) Media Revolution Medic West Africa Mercer LLC Merck Michelin MicroSave Mining Indaba Ministère de la Santé de la République gabonaise Ministère des Affaires Etrangères de la République Française Ministère des Affaires étrangères et de la Coopération de Mauritanie Ministère des Postes, des Télécommunications et des Nouvelles Technologies de Madagascar (MPTNT) Ministère du Tourisme, des Transports et de la Météorologie de Madagascar Ministère tunisien des Affaires Etrangères Ministry Human Settlements - Republic of South Africa Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom Ministry of Energy, Republic of Sierra Leone Ministry of External Affairs - Government of India Ministry of Finance - Government of Ghana Ministry of Finance, Republic of Angola Ministry of Foreign Affairs - Singapore Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Investment Promotion - Federal Republic of Somalia Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Brazil Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Cuba Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Hellenic Republic Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Seychelles Ministry of Mines, Industry and Energy Equatorial Guinea Mission de l'Organisation des Nations unies en République démocratique du Congo (MONUSCO) MOAB Power Mobile Accord Monarch&Co International MoneyGram International, Inc. Mozilla MSD Mundipharma Pte Ltd Namibia Embassy in Vienna National Institutes of Health (NIH) Netherlands Embassy in Accra - Ghana New African Magazine New Partnership for Africa’s Development (NEPAD) New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade Next Einstein Forum (NEF) Nigerian Export-Import Bank (NEXIM) Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) Nigerian Young Professionals Forum (NYPF) Nollywood Week Paris Film Festival Norilsk Nickel Norwegian Refugee Council Novartis International AG Oakbay Investments Ltd Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) Office of the Humanitarian Coordination in Central African Republic - United Nations Office of the Special Envoy of the United Nations Secretary-General for the Great Lakes region (OSESG-GL) Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Sexual Violence in Conflict Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) Office of the UN Resident Coordinator - Uganda Ogilvy & Mather Namibia On Time International One Acre Fund ONE.org Opera Software ASA Opération des Nations Unies en Côte d’Ivoire (ONUCI) Oracle Orange Oranto Petroleum Ltd Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Ozaremit Pan African Federation of Filmmakers (FEPACI) Pan-African reinsurance Journalism Awards Panalpina World Transport Ltd. Paramount Group Parliamentary Assembly of the Mediterranean Partnership Africa Canada (PAC) Partnerships for Forests Permanent Mission of the Republic of Zambia to the United Nations Philip Morris International (PMI) Planet Earth Institute PM Pumpmakers GmbH Praekelt Foundation Présidence de la République de Madagascar Présidence de la République française Présidence de la République Gabonaise President of Russia PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) Prime Minister's Office, 10 Downing Street Printronix Inc. Privinvest Prognari Public Relations Society of Kenya (PRSK) Quantum Global Group Questra World RB (Reckitt Benckiser) Reach for Change Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information Republic of South Africa: Department of Health Republic of South Africa: Department of International Relations and Cooperation Republic of South Africa: The Parliament Republic of South Africa: The Presidency Ringier AG Roche Pharmaceuticals Limited Root Capital Rotary Royal Norwegian Embassy in Addis Ababa Royal Norwegian Embassy in Cairo Royal Norwegian Embassy in Dar es Salaam Royal Norwegian Embassy in Kampala Royal Norwegian Embassy in Khartoum Royal Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs Royal Philips Rwanda Development Board (RDB) Sabre Safaricom Sage Sage HR & Payroll Said Business School - University of Oxford Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Sanofi Pasteur Save the Children Scatec Solar Sciences Po Executive Education Secrétaire d’Etat chargé du Développement et de la Francophonie ShowMax Sierra Leone Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Silvertree Holdings SimbaPay SITA Smile Telecoms Holdings Ltd Societe Generale Souq.com South African Embassy to the Federal Republic of Germany SSP Standard Bank Standard Chartered Stanford Graduate School of Business Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. State House Uganda StateCraft Sustainable Energy for All SWIFT Syngenta Tagattitude Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Tana High-Level Forum on Security in Africa Tanzania International Forum For Investments Tanzania Investment Forum 2016 Techne Summit Tegeta Tenke Fungurume Mining (TFM) Terrace Africa Terrapinn The Africa Property Investment (API) Summit The African Risk Capacity Insurance Company Limited (ARC Ltd) The African Wildlife Foundation (AWF) The Bidco Truth Coalition The Bosch Group The Center for Middle Eastern Studies, Harvard University The Consulate General of the Federal Republic of Germany in Lagos The Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) The Department of Energy, South Africa The Department of Trade and Industry, South Africa The Development Bank of Southern Africa (DBSA) The Economist Events The Economist Newspaper Limited The Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Windhoek The Embassy of the Republic of Angola in Washington, D.C. The Emirates Group The Federal Council, Switzerland The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China The Guardian The Gupta family The Holmes Group The MasterCard Foundation The Mauritius Commercial Bank Ltd (MCB) The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation The Naked Convos The Nigerian Stock Exchange Corporate News The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) The Style Group The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) The White House ThinkSearch Africa Thomson Reuters Tigo TMT Finance Tobacco Association of Malawi (TAMA) Transparency Forum Initiative (TFI) Transparency International TXF Africa 2017 U.S Embassy Nairobi, Kenya U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) U.S. Department of State U.S. Embassy - Cairo U.S. Embassy Addis Ababa, Ethiopia U.S. Embassy Cotonou - Benin U.S. Embassy in Juba U.S. Embassy in Namibia U.S. Embassy Kinshasa U.S. Embassy Pretoria, South Africa U.S. Trade and Development Agency (USTDA) Uber Uganda International Oil and Gas Summit (UIOGS) UK Export Finance UK Science & Innovation Network in South Africa UK Trade & Investment UK Trade & Investment Tanzania UN Information Centre in Cairo UN Information Centre in Pretoria (UNIC) UN Women União Europeia Delegação na República de Cabo Verde UNICEF Dakar UNICEF Ghana UNICEF Sierra Leone UNICEF Uganda United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) United Engine Corporation (UEC) United Kingdom Foreign and Commonwealth Office United Kingdom Telecommunications Academy (UKTA) United Nations - Office of the Resident Coordinator Cameroon United Nations - Office of the Spokesperson for the Secretary-General United Nations - Security Council United Nations (UN) United Nations Assistance Mission in Somalia (UNSOM) United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA) United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) United Nations Information Center in Nairobi United Nations Information Centre (UNIC) in Lagos United Nations Information Service Vienna (UNIS) United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali (MINUSMA) United Nations Office at Geneva (UNOG) United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNISDR) United Nations Office for West Africa and the Sahel (UNOWAS) United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime United Nations Office on Sport for Development and Peace (UNOSDP) United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) United Nations Regional Information Centre for Western Europe UNRIC United Nations Resident Coordinator’s Office in Tanzania United States Diplomatic Mission to Nigeria United States Embassy in Angola United States Embassy in Senegal United States Mission to Somalia United States Navy Université Internationale de Casablanca UPS Vallourec Vantage Capital Group Vardospan Vatican information Service (VIS) Venture Capital for Africa (VC4A) Verde Hotels Viber Viettel ViiV Healthcare Vilcek Foundation Visa Inc. Vox Africa Webfluential West African International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference (WAIPEC) West African Property Summit (WAPI) Western Union Holdings, Inc. WHO Regional Office for Africa WorkinAfrica.com World Communication Forum Association World Council of Churches (WCC) World Food Programme (WFP) World Future Council World Health Organization (WHO) World Health Organization (WHO) - Ethiopia World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) World Panel Inc. World Telecom Labs (WTL) World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) World Trade Organization (WTO) World Wildlife Fund (WWF) WorldRemit Wound Care Africa WrB Africa Zambia High Commission in the United Kingdom ZamReal ZCCM Investments Holdings Plc Press release Multimedia content Submit Filter by: All Video Images Documents The contents of this website are copyright-free and can be republished freely without authorisation. Sign up for free to manage your favourite content on your own user page. Announcements Students of Florida International University Explore the Contemporary Problems of Public Administration at Regional and Local Levels in Africa  - Source: United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) Oranto Launches $500-Million Oil Exploration Campaign in South Sudan  - Source: Oranto Petroleum Ltd The Nigerian Stock Exchange X-Gen News Alert - Access Bank Plc  - Source: The Nigerian Stock Exchange Corporate News African mining and energy ministers descend on TXF Africa 2017  - Source: TXF Africa 2017 Major regional Ministers to bring delegations to the 3rd Jordan International Energy Summit  - Source: Global Event Partners Ltd Multimedia content Documents (3) The Second Study Tour to the Kingdom of Morocco for the Students of FIU - Program Links (1) United Cities and Local Govern... All (4) Source: United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) | Mar 07, 2017 Students of Florida International University Explore the Contemporary Problems of Public Administration at Regional and Local Levels in Africa This study visit has been arranged in partnership with the Ecole Nationale Supérieure de l’Administration (ENSA), the University of Al Akhawayn (AUI) and the International University of Rabat (UIR) From 5 to 10 March 2017, the African Local Government Academy (ALGA), a flagship project of the United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) (www.UCLGA.org) and Florida International University (FIU) in the United States have organised a study visit to the Kingdom of Morocco for PhD and Master’s… Read more Share Favourite Print Education Source: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation | Mar 06, 2017 Press Release on the Russian-South African protocol on reciprocal abolition of visa requirements Under the Protocol’s provisions, citizens of Russia and South Africa travelling without the intention of working, studying or living in the other country’s territory, are free from visa requirements The Protocol between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of the Republic of South Africa on the reciprocal repeal of visa requirements for foreign travel passports, that was concluded by an exchange of official documents, will come into force on March 30. Under the Protocol’s provisions, citizens… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) | Mar 06, 2017 12th Meeting of the Implementation Follow-Up Commission of the Doha Document convenes in Khartoum The Commission discussed the progress made and the challenges faced in the implementation of the DDPD since its last meeting which was held on 9 May 2016, also in Khartoum The 12th meeting of the Implementation Follow-up Commission (IFC) of the Doha Document for Peace in Darfur (DDPD) was held today in Khartoum, Sudan. The Commission discussed the progress made and the challenges faced in the implementation of the DDPD since its last meeting which was held on 9 May… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: United Nations (UN) | Mar 06, 2017 In Niger, Security Council links aid and development in fight against Boko Haram The Security Council – which is in the Lake Chad Basin to draw attention to the humanitarian and development needs of a region grappling with Boko Haram's terror – visited for the first time Niger, one of the poorest countries in the world The Security Council – which is in the Lake Chad Basin to draw attention to the humanitarian and development needs of a region grappling with Boko Haram's terror – visited for the first time Niger, one of the poorest countries in the world. Addressing media in Niamey, Ambassador Matthew Rycroft… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: British High Commission - Yaounde | Mar 06, 2017 Cameroon: Remarks to the press by Ambassador Matthew Rycroft The UK Permanent Representative to the United Nations was in Cameroon during the UN Security Council visit to the Lake Chad Basin Speaking to the Cameroonian media on the 3rd of March while visiting the Cameroonian President, H.E. Paul Biya, the UK Permanent Representative to the United Nations and President of the United Nations Security Council for the month of March, Matthew Rycroft, said: "The Security Council has chosen to come to… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: U.S. Embassy - Cairo | Mar 06, 2017 Luxor Wastewater Plant Expansion Promotes Health, Livelihood U.S. Ambassador Stephen Beecroft and Luxor Governor Mohamed Badr participated in a groundbreaking ceremony on March 6 for the expansion of Luxor’s wastewater treatment plant U.S. Ambassador Stephen Beecroft and Luxor Governor Mohamed Badr participated in a groundbreaking ceremony on March 6 for the expansion of Luxor’s wastewater treatment plant. When complete, the expansion will nearly double the capacity of the system to provide wastewater treatment to residents of Luxor and El Bayadeya.   “Effective treatment of wastewater is… Read more Share Favourite Print Multimedia content Images (1) Prince Arthur Eze, Founder and Chairman of Oranto Petroleum Links (1) Atlas-Oranto Group All (2) Source: Oranto Petroleum Ltd | Mar 06, 2017 Oranto Launches $500-Million Oil Exploration Campaign in South Sudan Oranto Petroleum will invest $500 million to develop South Sudan’s Block B3, launching a comprehensive exploration campaign starting immediately EPSA contract signed today in Juba for South Sudan acreage. Oranto Petroleum is the 90% shareholder and operator of large Block B3, plans to invest $500 million for exploration and development. Government looks to new entrants to boost oil production. Oranto Petroleum will invest $500 million to develop South Sudan’s… Read more Share Favourite Print Business Energy Source: International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) | Mar 06, 2017 Somalia: Nutrition centre sees big increase in malnourished children In February 369 new patients were admitted, 40 percent more than February 2016 The number of severely malnourished children seeking urgent, life-saving treatment is on the rise at a nutritional centre in Somalia supported by the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC). Drought is tightening its grip on the Horn of Africa nation, leading to fears of famine. Children under five are… Read more Share Favourite Print Health Source: African Union Commission (AUC) | Mar 06, 2017 The Standing Committee of the 2nd ECOSOCC Permanent General Assembly Convenes its 5th Ordinary Session in Cairo Organized by the Citizens and Diaspora Directorate (CIDO) of the African Union Commission, the 5th Ordinary Session took place ahead of the ECOSOCC General Assembly Meeting scheduled for March 2017 and considered what needs to be achieved prior to the GA Meeting The Standing Committee of the 2nd General Assembly of the Economic, Social, and Cultural Council (ECOSOCC) of the African Union (AU), opened its 5th Ordinary Session on Thursday 2nd March, at Fairmont Nile City Hotel, in Cairo, Egypt. Welcoming the participants, Mr. Joseph Chilengi, Presiding Officer of the ECOSOCC, highlighted… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Seychelles | Mar 06, 2017 Vice-President Meriton to attend IORA Summit in Jakarta, Indonesia Officially launched in March 1997, the IORA has, as its main objective, the promotion of sustained growth and balanced development of the region and of its 21 member States The Vice-President of the Republic, Mr Vincent Meriton leaves Seychelles this evening for Jakarta, Indonesia where he will be representing President Danny Faure at the ‘Leaders Summit of the Indian Ocean Rim Association, IORA, which this year is commemoration its 20th anniversary. Officially launched in March 1997, the IORA has, as… Read more Share Favourite Print Get freeAfrica-related contentOn your website, on your mobile, to your e-mail inbox... Twitter APO English Follow APO French Follow APO Arabic Follow APO Portuguese Follow RSS feeds Click to subscribe Recommended Source: United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) | Mar 07, 2017 Students of Florida International University Explore the Contemporary Problems of Public Administration at Regional and Local Levels in Africa This study visit has been arranged in partnership with the Ecole Nationale Supérieure de l’Administration (ENSA), the University of Al Akhawayn (AUI) and the International University of Rabat (UIR) Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Oranto Petroleum Ltd | Mar 06, 2017 Oranto Launches $500-Million Oil Exploration Campaign in South Sudan Oranto Petroleum will invest $500 million to develop South Sudan’s Block B3, launching a comprehensive exploration campaign starting immediately Read more Share Favourite Print Source: The Nigerian Stock Exchange Corporate News | Mar 06, 2017 The Nigerian Stock Exchange X-Gen News Alert - Access Bank Plc Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Global Event Partners Ltd | Mar 06, 2017 Major regional Ministers to bring delegations to the 3rd Jordan International Energy Summit The JIES Summit is centered around a world-class programme with speakers from Governments, global energy companies and experts Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Sage | Mar 06, 2017 Sage Summit Tour sets out a vision to move business builders towards a world of invisible admin by 2020 Sage customers and business partners will hear about the future of work and the next wave of digital transformation at Summit in South Africa Read more Share Favourite Print Subscribe to newsfeed Recommended categories Africa Foreign Policy Events/Media Advisory African Development Business South Africa Education France Investment Nigeria Most viewed Source: United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) | Mar 07, 2017 Students of Florida International University Explore the Contemporary Problems of Public Administration at Regional and Local Levels in Africa This study visit has been arranged in partnership with the Ecole Nationale Supérieure de l’Administration (ENSA), the University of Al Akhawayn (AUI) and the International University of Rabat (UIR) Read more Share Favourite Print Source: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation | Mar 06, 2017 Press Release on the Russian-South African protocol on reciprocal abolition of visa requirements Under the Protocol’s provisions, citizens of Russia and South Africa travelling without the intention of working, studying or living in the other country’s territory, are free from visa requirements Read more Share Favourite Print Source: African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) | Mar 06, 2017 12th Meeting of the Implementation Follow-Up Commission of the Doha Document convenes in Khartoum The Commission discussed the progress made and the challenges faced in the implementation of the DDPD since its last meeting which was held on 9 May 2016, also in Khartoum Read more Share Favourite Print Source: United Nations (UN) | Mar 06, 2017 In Niger, Security Council links aid and development in fight against Boko Haram The Security Council – which is in the Lake Chad Basin to draw attention to the humanitarian and development needs of a region grappling with Boko Haram's terror – visited for the first time Niger, one of the poorest countries in the world Read more Share Favourite Print Source: British High Commission - Yaounde | Mar 06, 2017 Cameroon: Remarks to the press by Ambassador Matthew Rycroft The UK Permanent Representative to the United Nations was in Cameroon during the UN Security Council visit to the Lake Chad Basin Read more Share Favourite Print Most shared Source: Oranto Petroleum Ltd | Mar 06, 2017 Oranto Launches $500-Million Oil Exploration Campaign in South Sudan Oranto Petroleum will invest $500 million to develop South Sudan’s Block B3, launching a comprehensive exploration campaign starting immediately Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Sage | Mar 06, 2017 Sage Summit Tour sets out a vision to move business builders towards a world of invisible admin by 2020 Sage customers and business partners will hear about the future of work and the next wave of digital transformation at Summit in South Africa Read more Share Favourite Print Source: MainOne | Mar 03, 2017 Recession: Nigerian businesses can remain profitable with outsourced Data Center and Cloud solutions Leading enterprise businesses in Nigeria have confirmed how MainOne’s data center service has helped reduce their operational and capital expenses while enhancing flexibility and agility Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Facebook | Mar 01, 2017 Facebook's Chief Product Officer visits Ghana to learn from its tech and creative talent Chris’s visit is part of a week-long trip to Nigeria, Ghana and Senegal where Chris is keen to understand how creatives, developers and entrepreneurs are using mobile technology to create services, content and businesses that address local needs Read more Share Favourite Print Privacy Policy Terms of service Sitemap Linkedin Facebook Google + It Pinterest Sync Video × Login OR Forgot your password?Don’t have an account? Sign up here Login
News Business Gossip Technology Sports Health Lifestyle Jobs Uganda Parliament Gallery Menu A Childless Woman Can Live A Normal Life By Sarah Achen Berna Amullen is a Ugandan woman who suffers from infertility as a result of untreated sexually transmitted disease. She was diagnosed too late to be given proper treatment and she lost the hope of being a mother and is leading a happy life. In her video, she shares her devastating story of mistreatment, discrimination and violence from her husband, family and community as a result of being infertile. Amullen speaks about her attempt to commit suicide and how she was saved at the last minute. The state Minister of Health for General Duties, Hon. Sarah Opendi says that Amullen’s situation is a representation of several women suffering as a result of childlessness across the globe. “In Africa including Uganda, infertile women still suffer discrimination, stigma and ostracism. More often an inability to have a child or to become pregnant results in the woman being greatly isolated, disinherited or assaulted. This sometimes also results in divorce or physical and psychological violence. I am glad to see an initiative that addresses this challenge in the public domain in Africa as it is something that no one talks about and is treated as secret. “Merck more than a mother” is therefore very important for Africa since it aims to define interventions to reduce the stigma and social suffering of infertile women across the continent,” says Opendi during the launch of Merck more than a mother campaign in Uganda Kampala on the 21st of Feb at The Rwenzori Ballroom, Sheraton Hotel. Through “empowering Berna”, Merck in partnership with Ministry of Health inaugurates small businesses established this year to support infertile women across the country. Belen Garijo, Member of the board and CEO of Merck, emphasizes: “I believe in women empowerment and especially childless women-they are mistreated and discriminated in many cultures for being unable to have children and start a family. Empowering them through access to information, health, and change of mind set to remove the stigma of infertility is needed. Through” Merck More than a Mother” we are supporting this strong message together with our partners and we will continue our commitment to improve access to regulated and effective fertility care in Africa.” Opendi adds that infertility can be prevented, cured and treated if a woman discovers she has untreated sexually transmitted diseases and seeks early treatment. Infertility should not be treated as a woman’s problem because in most cases it’s the man with a problem. “We appeal to young girls to seek treatment early for sexual infections to avoid having problems of having children in future,” Opendi says. By June this year, the government will have completed the construction of the women’s hospital at Mulago as this will go a long way to help more women have infertility resolved. 70% of infertile cases due to untreated of sexually transmitted diseases and a total of 15% of women are infertile. 10-15% of couples fail to have children because IVF is costly. Madame Brigitte Touadera, the First Lady of the Central African Republic says: “I am very happy to participate in this launch another milestone “Merck More than a Mother” in Uganda as it follows the one we had for my country last month and in Kenya too. As the champion for the initiative in my country and for Francophone Africa, I acknowledge the social suffering of infertile women go through and the role that Merck is playing to eliminate this suffering and stigmatization by raising awareness about infertility prevention, male infertility and the necessity of a team approach to family building among couples which is very critical for Africa.” Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck healthcare explains: Empowering those women across Ugandan rural setting was very essential, those women suffered great deal of discrimination, violence and isolation. Moreover meeting community members and leaders there to emphasize the importance to change their perception of infertility and infertile women was specific. According to World Health Organization, lower levels of development are thought to be associated with higher levels of non –genetic and preventable causes of infertility such as poor nutrition, untreated sexually transmitted infections, unsafe abortion, consequence of infections caused by the practice of female genital mutilation, exposure to smoking and to leaded petrol and other environmental pollutants. Hence prevention is very important,” Opendi adds. “The businesses established by “Empowering Berna” projects are benefitting over 800 women in many districts in Ugandan who have come together in groups and have been trained and supported to put up bakery, catering and tent hire businesses and more. They are also able to earn an income to support themselves from their own new businesses-they are now ‘more than mothers,” Rasha notes. Over 1000 infertile women in Kenya, Uganda, Nigeria, Ghana, Tanzania, Central African Republic, Ethiopia, Liberia and Cote D’Ivoire who can no longer be treated have been empowered socially and economically to lead independent and happier lives through “Empowering Berna”. Merck More than a Mother campaign was first launched during the International day of women on 8th Feb 2016. Hon. Betty Amongi, chairperson of Uganda Women Parliamentary Association emphasizes: “We will partner with Merck and health ministry to define policies to improve access to safe and effective fertility care, address the need for interventions to reduce stigmatization and social suffering of infertile women and raise awareness about male infertility and the necessity for a team approach to family building among couples.” Several infertile women were mobilized to share their stories and the transformation they have made after Merck established for them small businesses. tags: No Tags RELATED ARTICLES in: Lifestyle, News Post by: Our Reporter Uganda Funeral Services Ltd Marks 20 years in: Lifestyle, News Post by: Staff Writer Uganda Ranked As Best Country To Live In By Expats in: Lifestyle Post by: Our Reporter Tanzania Tourist Guide Charged Over ‘Twisted Translation’ prev post next post News From The Rest Of The Wold Loading... Red Pepper Online  About us Contact us Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices Copyright © 2016 Red Pepper Online . All Rights Reserved. Designed by Red Pepper Digital Team.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 March 2017 by Military News A Free Live Webinar to Explore Alarming Issues Facing the Healthcare Industry   View as PDF  Print View    Approval and Access: overcoming the final hurdle of drub development a free to attend webinar on Friday 10 March at 11:00 GMT. Follow the debate live on Twitter #PPwebinar. Hosted by DIA and Pharmaphorum and moderated by Andrew McConaghie of Pharmaphorum.com. West Byfleet, United Kingdom – March 3, 2017 /PressCable/ — Individuals who will attend free webinar will have the opportunity to learn from the biggest and brightest stars in the industry …from how science and innovation can make impacts healthcare industry to improving it using technology effectively and competitively The medical field is one area that has seen remarkable growth and innovation in the European market as there have been great leaps in learning in different aspect of the health industry, which has resulted in great inventions. In fact, the European healthcare has been a flag-bearer in developing new drugs and medical care to create the world’s healthiest and longest-living society, which makes it an area where the possibilities of what can be accomplished are endless. However, many challenges are facing the industry in the emerging European market… countries are now looking at new ways of reforming the way healthcare is provided and run. With a burning desire to dispel this disheartening concerns, and to educate and inspire professionals in the health industry, Pharmaphorum, in partnership with DIA, will be hosting a free expert panel webinar debating the best way forward for life sciences companies, payers, and providers in this emerging European market access paradigm. Renowned as a premier digital publisher of thought leadership relating to the pharmaceutical industry, Pharmaphorum is passionate about transforming minds and helping the healthcare industry in Europe grow in a fascinating way. The event which is scheduled to hold on Friday, March 10, 2017, at 11 am GMT (12 pm CET) will be divided strategically into unique sessions, and will be anchored by four biggest and brightest stars in the health industry. They include: — Professor Luca Pani, a faculty member of the University of Miami, is a medical doctor, specializing in psychiatry, pharmacology and molecular biology. Besides being an author of over one hundred and fifty scientific publications, he has served as Director General of the Italian Medicines Agency (AIFA) from 2011 to 2016. Currently, he is a Fellow of the National Research Council of Italy and also associated with the Faculty and the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioural Sciences of the University of Miami School of Medicine. — Angelika Joos, an executive director of Global Regulatory Policy, MSD (Europe) Inc. is responsible for Regulatory Policy issues within Merck Sharp & Dohme’s Global Regulatory Affairs department since 2001 and heads their European Union office in Brussels. Besides overseeing activities in Europe, Middle East, Africa, and Asia-Pacific and actively identifying opportunities that align with Merck Sharp & Dohme’s business priorities, Joos monitors and implements regulatory policies & procedures and advises her company on regulatory strategies. — Andrew McConaghie, Pharmaphorum’s managing editor, writes on a range of topics covering pharmaceutical and biotech R&D, marketing and market access, and issues affecting patients and global healthcare systems, especially the UK’s NHS. — Ana Palma, a leader at Global HTA and Patient Access at Sobi in Belgium is a guru with many years of vast experience in the European market. With the speakers’ vast experiences in the health industry, they are keen on sharing solutions about the alarming issues identified in different facets of the medical field and how their solutions. Some of the topics to be discussed include the importance of science and innovation for system change, the value of early engagement to define requirements for global development, Integrating HTA and regulatory strategy, regional variation and implication, and much more. Interested individuals are advised to reserve a seat on Brighttalk channel at pharmaphorum sign up page. To make the event more interesting, relevant topics that will be explored at the upcoming DIA Euromeeting in Glasgow in March will be reviewed. The pharmaphorum team concluded „In this tough environment, it is vital that the requirements for continuing medical innovation and market access are addressed early in the drug development process. Parallel scientific advice from HTA bodies and regulators is increasing to deliver tangible and successful strategies, but is the process smooth enough to overcome the challenges from both sides?” For more information about the event, speakers, and to reserve a seat, visit pharmaphorum sign up page. Contact: Mark Plummer mark@pharmaphorum.com # # # Contact Info: Name: Mark Plummer Email: mark@pharmaphorum.com Organization: pharmaphorum media limited Address: Rosemount House, Rosemount Avenue, West Byfleet, England KT14, United Kingdom For more information, please visit http://pharmaphorum.com/ Source: PressCable Release ID: 175007 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Keloid Scar Moisturizing Cream With Essential Oils Cocoa & Shea Butter Announced (Sat 4th Mar 17) AirTanksPlus.com Compact SCBA PCP Air Gun Fill Adaptor System Released STIKMAN (Sat 4th Mar 17) Aviation Metal Frame Sunglasses Polarized Ladies Fashion E-Store Launched (Sat 4th Mar 17) Granada Hills LA Digital Marketing Banner Ad Design Free Services Launched (Sat 4th Mar 17) Sonoma County Local Corte Madera Home Office Piano Moving & Storage Services (Sat 4th Mar 17) Orpak Announces New Partnership with Prominent acquisition of Microsffer (Sat 4th Mar 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Environment, general, gun, Health, Home and Garden, Industry, Markets, Science, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sonoma County Local Healdsburg Home Office Piano Safe Moving & Storage Services Next PostNext Houston Overseas Auto Shippers Collector Car Auction Shipping Services Announced Search Recent Posts Samenvatting: Nieuw onderzoek van Morinaga Milk met baanbrekende technologie bevestigt leeftijdsgerelateerde verandering darmflora Resumen: La fusión de NFS y Telecel Global impulsan las operaciones de Telecel Samenvatting: Nieuw onderzoek van Morinaga Milk met baanbrekende technologie bevestigt leeftijdsgerelateerde verandering darmflora Sheer Grit Spurs Women Entrepreneurs, but Supporting Conditions Are Crucial for Them to Thrive Molson Coors Brewing Company Announces Proposed Offering of Euro-Denominated Senior Floating Rate Notes Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Veterinary Antiinfectives Global Market, By Disease, Data Mining and Forecasts 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Veterinary Antiinfectives Global Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 04, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Veterinary Anti-infectives market is accounted for $4.79 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $9.11 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 9.6% from 2015 to 2022. Growing zoonotic and foodborne diseases and greater livestock production are the key factors fueling the market growth. Increased competition for cultivated land and cost effective production are the major factors that are hampering the market growth. On the other hand, with constant innovation and quick technological advancements, the probability of decreasing the cost of anti-infective drugs is high. Some of the key players in the market include Novartis Animal Health, Inc., Virbac, Boehringer Ingelheim, Zoetis, Ceva Animal Health, Bayer healthcare, Heska Corporation, Merial Animal Health, Bioniche Animal Health Canada, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc.,Sanofi-Aventis, Pfizer Inc. and Elanco. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/veterinary-antiinfectives-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Species Covered: -Farm animal -Poultry -Sheep -Cattle -Fish -Swine -Companion Animals -Horses -Dogs -Cats Disease Covered: -Beta-lactams -Marbofloxacine -Amminosidin -Freeze-dried ceftiofur -Oxytetracycline -Florfenicol Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322780/sample Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt 9 Company Profiling 9.1 Novartis Animal Health, Inc. 9.2 Virbac 9.3 Boehringer Ingelheim 9.4 Zoetis 9.5 Ceva Animal Health 9.6 Bayer healthcare 9.7 Heska Corporation 9.8 Merial Animal Health 9.9 Bioniche Animal Health Canada, Inc. 9.10 Merck & Co., Inc., 9.11 Sanofi-Aventis 9.12 Pfizer Inc. 9.13 Elanco Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322780/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Gilead Executive Says Pharmacy Benefit Managers Keep Prices High by Caroline Chen @CAROLINEYLCHEN More stories by Caroline Chen and Robert Langreth @RobertLangreth More stories by Robert Langreth March 3, 2017, 4:13 PM EST Lower prices would prompt PBMs to ‘rip up our contract’ Drugmakers pointing to role of middlemen as prices assailed Gilead Sciences Inc.’s hepatitis C cure set off a firestorm of criticism over high drug prices in 2014 that hasn’t let up since. Now an executive says the company can’t cut the product’s price because middlemen who manage drug benefits would refuse to cover it. “If we just lowered the cost of Sovaldi from $85,000 to $50,000, every payer would rip up our contract,” said Jim Meyers, executive vice president of worldwide commercial operations, in an interview with Bloomberg News.  Pharmacy benefit managers such as Express Scripts Holding Co. and CVS Health Corp. negotiate drug reimbursement, often in secrecy, for employers and health plans. While PBMs say they deliver lower prices for customers and patients, drugmakers have begun aggressively implicating the middlemen in high medication costs that have become a frequent target of Washington lawmakers and President Donald Trump.  One of the functions of PBMs is to help insurers decide which drugs to cover for their customers, and how much to reimburse manufacturers. Manufacturers use rebates to ensure they get on PBMs’ lists of covered drugs, called formularies, and the middlemen often take a cut of those rebates, often about 10 percent, for themselves before passing the rest of the savings to the insurers. Now, pharmaceutical companies are charging that PBMs prefer higher list prices, because the middlemen want to sustain their own revenues. “I have never met, in this entire experience, a PBM or a payer outside of the Medicaid segment that preferred a price of $50,000 over $75,000 and a rebate back to them,” Meyers said in the interview. Declining Share Express Scripts spokesman Brian Henry said PBMs are needed “because employers and health plans want to have some way to push back against drugmakers who continually raise their prices." Drugmakers sponsored a study released in January finding manufacturers of branded drugs are getting a declining share of total U.S. spending on their products, in part because of an increase in secret rebates paid to middlemen including PBMs. Gilead’s Sovaldi shocked the health-care system after it was approved in December 2013. Priced at $84,000 for a three-month regimen, or $1,000 a pill, it was slammed by payers, politicians and the public. At the time, the Foster City, California-based company hunkered down and tried to deflect the scrutiny. Now it’s time for the PBMs to get their turn in the spotlight, Meyers said. “We have a system that’s incentivized upon rebate revenue,” he said, adding that Merck & Co.’s experience with its Zepatier, a rival drug to Sovaldi and Gilead’s successor drug Harvoni, that entered the market in 2016 at a lower list price, highlights the PBMs’ economic incentives. “You would have predicted there would be tremendous uptake, but their share has been capped” because PBMs were not satisfied with the amount of rebate they received, he said. What Raises Prices? Robert McMahon, Merck’s president of the U.S. market, said the list price of Zepatier “affords Merck the opportunity to compete across all patient segments and potentially broadens access for underserved patient populations” and that the company was pleased with the drug’s progress. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Hepatitis C drug prices came down because of Express Scripts’ efforts, Henry said. Gilead offered minimal rebates on Sovaldi when it first came out and had little competition, he said. Its discounts only increased markedly after Express Scripts refused to cover its Harvoni drug at one point in favor of a competitor. Merck’s lower traction was more likely because it was the third to market, Henry said. “Rebates don’t raise drug prices, drugmakers raise drug prices,” he said in an email. CVS spokeswoman Christine Cramer echoed his statement, saying, “Pharmaceutical companies alone are responsible for the high prices they set in the marketplace, which have increased many multiples above inflation in recent years.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump's Wiretap Tweets Raise Risk of Impeachment Russian Hackers Said to Seek Hush Money From Liberal Groups TSA Warns Local Police About Its New Airport Pat-Downs Trump Issues Revised Travel Ban to Address Legal Challenges Mercedes Is Making the World’s Most Expensive SUV Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Veterinary Healthcare Global Market Key Developments, Outlook, 2016 Analysis & Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Veterinary Healthcare Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 03, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Veterinary Healthcare market is accounted for $24.34 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $40.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.6% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as food safety and improved nutrition, increase in pet ownership, increasing awareness of zoonotic diseases and increasing animal population are driving the market. However, increasing cost of animal testing, increased competition for cultivated land restrictions established by regulatory bodies will challenge the veterinary market. Feed additives held the largest share among the products segment followed by pharmaceuticals and vaccines. Europe is the leading market in veterinary healthcare followed by North America. Asia-pacific and other developing regions will be the major contributors to the market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/veterinary-healthcare-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in global Veterinary Healthcare market are Merck & Co., Inc, MERIAL Limited, Zoetis Inc, Novartis Animal Health Inc, Bayer HealthCare, Ceva Santé Animale, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Virbac SA, Elanco Products Company, Vétoquinol SA , Sanofi-Aventis, Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Heska Corporation, PetAg Incorporated and Procter & Gamble Company. Animals Covered: -Farm animals -Cattle -Swine -Fish -Sheep -Poultry -Companion animals -Dogs -Cats -Horses Products Covered: -Vaccines -Feed Additives -Nutritional Feed Additives -Medicinal Feed Additives -Pharmaceuticals -Systemic Agents -Parasiticides - Antibiotics -Other Pharmaceuticals Diagnostics Covered: -Immunodiagnostics -Molecular diagnostics -Diagnostic imaging -Clinical chemistry -Other diagnostics Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001390873/sample What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 10.1 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.2 MERIAL Limited 10.3 Zoetis Inc 10.4 Novartis Animal Health Inc 10.5 Bayer HealthCare 10.6 Ceva Santé Animale 10.7 Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH 10.8 Virbac SA 10.9 Elanco Products Company 10.10 Vétoquinol SA 10.11 Sanofi-Aventis 10.12 Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd. 10.13 Heska Corporation 10.14 PetAg Incorporated 10.15 Procter & Gamble Company Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001390873/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     A Free Live Webinar to Explore Alarming Issues Facing the Healthcare Industry   View as PDF  Print View    Approval and Access: overcoming the final hurdle of drub development a free to attend webinar on Friday 10 March at 11:00 GMT. Follow the debate live on Twitter #PPwebinar. Hosted by DIA and Pharmaphorum and moderated by Andrew McConaghie of Pharmaphorum.com. West Byfleet, United Kingdom - March 3, 2017 /PressCable/ -- Individuals who will attend free webinar will have the opportunity to learn from the biggest and brightest stars in the industry ...from how science and innovation can make impacts healthcare industry to improving it using technology effectively and competitively The medical field is one area that has seen remarkable growth and innovation in the European market as there have been great leaps in learning in different aspect of the health industry, which has resulted in great inventions. In fact, the European healthcare has been a flag-bearer in developing new drugs and medical care to create the world's healthiest and longest-living society, which makes it an area where the possibilities of what can be accomplished are endless. However, many challenges are facing the industry in the emerging European market... countries are now looking at new ways of reforming the way healthcare is provided and run. With a burning desire to dispel this disheartening concerns, and to educate and inspire professionals in the health industry, Pharmaphorum, in partnership with DIA, will be hosting a free expert panel webinar debating the best way forward for life sciences companies, payers, and providers in this emerging European market access paradigm. Renowned as a premier digital publisher of thought leadership relating to the pharmaceutical industry, Pharmaphorum is passionate about transforming minds and helping the healthcare industry in Europe grow in a fascinating way. The event which is scheduled to hold on Friday, March 10, 2017, at 11 am GMT (12 pm CET) will be divided strategically into unique sessions, and will be anchored by four biggest and brightest stars in the health industry. They include: -- Professor Luca Pani, a faculty member of the University of Miami, is a medical doctor, specializing in psychiatry, pharmacology and molecular biology. Besides being an author of over one hundred and fifty scientific publications, he has served as Director General of the Italian Medicines Agency (AIFA) from 2011 to 2016. Currently, he is a Fellow of the National Research Council of Italy and also associated with the Faculty and the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioural Sciences of the University of Miami School of Medicine. -- Angelika Joos, an executive director of Global Regulatory Policy, MSD (Europe) Inc. is responsible for Regulatory Policy issues within Merck Sharp & Dohme's Global Regulatory Affairs department since 2001 and heads their European Union office in Brussels. Besides overseeing activities in Europe, Middle East, Africa, and Asia-Pacific and actively identifying opportunities that align with Merck Sharp & Dohme's business priorities, Joos monitors and implements regulatory policies & procedures and advises her company on regulatory strategies. -- Andrew McConaghie, Pharmaphorum's managing editor, writes on a range of topics covering pharmaceutical and biotech R&D, marketing and market access, and issues affecting patients and global healthcare systems, especially the UK's NHS. -- Ana Palma, a leader at Global HTA and Patient Access at Sobi in Belgium is a guru with many years of vast experience in the European market. With the speakers' vast experiences in the health industry, they are keen on sharing solutions about the alarming issues identified in different facets of the medical field and how their solutions. Some of the topics to be discussed include the importance of science and innovation for system change, the value of early engagement to define requirements for global development, Integrating HTA and regulatory strategy, regional variation and implication, and much more. Interested individuals are advised to reserve a seat on Brighttalk channel at pharmaphorum sign up page. To make the event more interesting, relevant topics that will be explored at the upcoming DIA Euromeeting in Glasgow in March will be reviewed. The pharmaphorum team concluded "In this tough environment, it is vital that the requirements for continuing medical innovation and market access are addressed early in the drug development process. Parallel scientific advice from HTA bodies and regulators is increasing to deliver tangible and successful strategies, but is the process smooth enough to overcome the challenges from both sides?" For more information about the event, speakers, and to reserve a seat, visit pharmaphorum sign up page. Contact: Mark Plummer mark@pharmaphorum.com # # # Contact Info: Name: Mark Plummer Email: mark@pharmaphorum.com Organization: pharmaphorum media limited Address: Rosemount House, Rosemount Avenue, West Byfleet, England KT14, United Kingdom For more information, please visit http://pharmaphorum.com/ Source: PressCable Release ID: 175007 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Boom Irrigation Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Tue 7th Mar 17) High Voltage Cables and Accessories Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) DataJeo Business Adverting ROI Customer Profile Targeting Software Released (Tue 7th Mar 17) Cardiac Pacemaker Market is expected to grow at CAGR of 7.9% by 2022: Vendors- Medtronic, SORIN, Osypka Medical (Tue 7th Mar 17) Connected Medical Devices Market: Industry Analysis, Demand, Trend and Global Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) Smart Roads Market: Industry Analysis, Demand, Trend, Growth and Global Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Anti-Obesity Drugs Market Research Report by Regional Analysis : Forecast 2024 Anti-Obesity Drugs Market Research Report by Regional Analysis : Forecast 2024 Posted on March 3, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/03/2017 — Global Anti-Obesity Drugs Market: Overview The World Health Organization reveals that global obesity has more than doubled since 1980, with over 1.9 billion adults overweight in 2014, of which, more than 600 million were obese. Percentage-wise, an estimated 39% of adults were overweight and 13% were obese in 2014. An additional 42 million children below the age of five were found to be overweight or obese in 2013. Based on two surveys conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, an astounding 68.8% of the U.S. adult population is considered to be overweight or obese. It is no surprise, then, that today, most of the world's population lives in countries where obesity and overweight are claiming more lives than underweight and malnutrition. This alarming rise in the prevalence of obesity, particularly in the developed region of North America, has been single-handedly propelling the anti-obesity drugs market. Anti-obesity drugs – both prescription and OTC – are of two main types: Centrally-acting drugs and peripherally-acting drugs. These contain a host of pharmacological agents that control or reduce weight by altering either the absorption of calories or regulating appetite. This comprehensive research publication offers clients an exhaustive database of accurate, authentic, objective, and the most recent information on the global anti-obesity drugs market. The overall market is segmented based on several key criteria and each segment is thoroughly evaluated to identify the leading and weakest categories. Statistical data and inputs from industry experts support the qualitative data offered in the report and help clients devise actionable and profitable decisions for the future. Browse full report on Anti-Obesity Drugs Market – http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/anti-obesity-drugs-market.html Global Anti-Obesity Drugs Market: Competitive Landscape Snapshot The leading companies operating in the global anti-obesity drugs market include Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Arena Pharmaceuticals Inc., Takeda Pharmaceuticals Company Limited, Zydus Cadila, Rhythm Pharmaceuticals, Merck & Co. Inc., Eisai Co. Ltd., Novo Nordisk A/S, Orexigen Therapeutics Inc., Zafgen, GlaxoSmithKline PLC, Norgine B.V., Pfizer Inc., and F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG. Owing to the increasing prevalence of obesity in several parts of the world, the degree of competition among players in the anti-obesity drugs market has been on the rise. Companies have been heavily investing in the development of agents with increased weight-loss efficacy and a high safety threshold. This gives players a greater chance of approval from regulatory bodies such as the US FDA. Companies around the globe are also focused on the development as well as successful commercialization of anti-obesity drugs that are both clinically effective and safe in the long run and also have the potential to generate massive sales and reach blockbuster status. The current portfolio of prescription weight-loss drugs and emerging anti-obesity drugs in pre-clinical or clinical trials acts as a significant force driving the global anti-obesity drugs market. Global Anti-Obesity Drugs Market: Key Trends and Regional Outlook The global market for anti-obesity drugs has been expanding at a significant pace in recent years. With the obvious driving factor being the surge in obesity levels around the globe, this market is also propelled by the strong pipeline of anti-obesity drugs. Advanced medical research by drug-manufacturing companies, medical universities and institutes, and government agencies has also substantially contributed toward the growth of the anti-obesity drugs market. The anti-obesity drugs market in North America has been flourishing over the years owing to the high level of awareness among the population about obesity and the various risks arising from the medical condition, increased healthcare expenditure, the presence of favorable reimbursement policies, extensive research and development activities in the field, and the increased involvement of government as well as non-government organizations in generating awareness and funding research. The Asia Pacific market for anti-obesity drugs is anticipated to gain momentum in the coming years thanks to the rise in obese population, resulting from increased spending on processed and packaged foods and the growing consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages. Improving healthcare infrastructure and mounting healthcare expenditure is also expected to drive the market for anti-obesity drugs in APAC. Request for brochure of this report – http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=12461 For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/anti-obesity-drugs-market-research-report-by-regional-analysis-forecast-2024-774516.htm Media Relations Contact Rohit Bhisey Head Transparency Market Research Telephone: 518-618-1030 Email: Click to Email Rohit Bhisey Web: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ Latest News Europe Residential Security Market USD 1,867.5 Million Value Will Climb Throughout the Year 2020 Industrial Tapes Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024 Data Prep Market – Complete Study of Current Trends and Growth Drivers for 2025 Global Condiment Sauces Market: Growth in Distribution Channels to Open Opportunities for Market Players, Finds TMR Systemic Antiviral Pharmaceuticals Market Research Report by Regional Analysis: Forecast 2023 Global Soundbar Market to Grow at a CAGR of 16.18% During the Period 2017 – 2021; Finds New Report Crowd Analytics Market Detailed Analysis and Forecast by 2025 Anti-Obesity Drugs Market Research Report by Regional Analysis : Forecast 2024 Lawsuit for Investors in Cynosure, Inc. (NASDAQ:CYNO) Against the Takeover Filed Anti-Cancer Drugs Market Research Report by Regional Analysis: Forecast 2024 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Personnel Announcements ALK Appoints SVP of R&D for North America and International Markets Download image HØRSHOLM, Denmark, March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ALK (ALKB:DC / OMX: ALK B / AKABY / AKBLF) today announced the appointment of Hendrik Nolte, M.D., Med.Sc.D, as Senior Vice President of Research and Development for North America and International Markets, based in the USA.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160420/357628LOGO ) Hendrik Nolte will be responsible for ALK's R&D strategy in North America and International markets including China, and will work in collaboration with ALK's partners for Russia, Japan, South-East Asia, Australia and New Zealand. Henrik Jacobi, ALK's Executive Vice President of Research and Development, said: "Hendrik's reputation in the allergy immunotherapy field is unsurpassed and we welcome him to ALK as a key figure in the scale-up of our North American operations and an important contributor to our work to globalise the SLIT-tablet portfolio." In his previous role as Head of Respiratory at Merck Sharp & Dome, Hendrik Nolte led the development and registration efforts for ALK's grass and ragweed SLIT-tablets - GRASTEK® and RAGWITEK® - as well as for the house dust mite SLIT-tablet. Hendrik Nolte commented: "I am honoured to have the opportunity to return to ALK. Throughout my career, as both a physician and a scientist, I have been impressed by ALK's commitment to cure allergies. Allergy research and respiratory medicine has been my life's work and I am continually motivated by both the unmet medical need of patients, particularly those with respiratory allergies, and by the growing scientific evidence in favour of treatment with allergy immunotherapy." Hendrik Nolte has held roles in clinical research at Roche, Hycor Biomedical and ALK. Before assuming leadership roles at Merck in 2005, Hendrik Nolte was an associate professor at the Department of Internal Medicine at the University of Copenhagen, where he also served as a lung specialist and head of the respiratory ward at Bispebjerg University Hospital. Hendrik Nolte received his medical degree (M.D) from University of Copenhagen in 1985 and received his doctoral degree (Dr. Med) in 1992. ALK-Abelló A/S  About ALK  ALK is a research-driven global pharmaceutical company focusing on allergy prevention, diagnosis and treatment. ALK is a world leader in allergy immunotherapy - a treatment of the underlying cause of allergy. The company has approximately 2,300 employees, with subsidiaries, production facilities and distributors worldwide. ALK has entered into partnership agreements with Torii, Abbott, and Seqirus to commercialise sublingual allergy immunotherapy tablets in Japan, Russia, and South-East Asia, and Australia and New Zealand, respectively. The company is headquartered in Hørsholm, Denmark, and listed on NASDAQ Copenhagen. Find more information at http://www.alk.net.  SOURCE ALK More by this Source ALK Announces FDA Approval for its House Dust Mite Sublingual Allergy Immunotherapy Tablet (ACARIZAX® in Europe) 01 Mar, 2017, 23:36 GMT ALK’s ACARIZAX® Data Results in Significant Change to the GINA Asthma Management Strategy: Sublingual Allergy Immunotherapy (SLIT) Recommended as a Treatment Option in Patients With House Dust Mite Allergic Asthma 27 Feb, 2017, 13:46 GMT View all news by ALK Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 March 2017 by Military News New Research: Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market Expected To Consume the Largest Market Share, By 2020 Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market Research Report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry for 2016-2020. Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years and discussion of the key vendors effective in this market. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing globally. For further information on this report, please visit- http://www.marketreportsworld.com/10292938 The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. Following Companies Are Key Players of the Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market: Abbott Molecular Becton Dickinson & Company Hologic Qiagen Quest Diagnostics Roche Molecular Diagnostics Other Prominent Vendors of Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market Are: Arbor Vita Autogenomics bioMérieux BioVantra Cancer Genetics Cepheid Cervia Diagnostics Cytoimmun DAAN Gene Delphi Bioscience DiaCarta Fujirebio Genera Biosystems Greiner Bio-One Guided Therapeutics GynaeHealth IncellDx Micromedic Technologies Norchip OncoHealth OralDNA Labs Seegene Research Expert’s commented on the report: “One trend in market is expansion into emerging markets. The global vendors are inclined upon penetrating the niche market of developing countries to maximize their revenue. In India, QIAGEN has careHPV test for serving women in low-resource areas, whereas digene HC2 HPV test serves women in areas having modern healthcare infrastructure. In 2009, the company entered into a partnership with Chittaranjan National Cancer Institute, in Kolkata, to establish a large-scale cervical cancer screening program. QIAGEN’s QIAGENcares, partners with PATH and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to improve the cervical cancer state worldwide. Not only that, QIAGEN collaborated with HPV vaccine developer Merck, to provide nearly five million free HPV vaccine doses and expanded the already existing HPV test donation program by 500,000 for screening a total of 1.5 million women in the emerging countries.” Ask Sample PDF of Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10292938   According to the report, one driver in the market is reimbursement policies. Most of the developed countries have specific agencies that have reimbursement policies to motivate and support women to undergo diagnostic tests. Agencies such as Wittenberg Weiner Consulting (WWC) and Wisconsin Well Women Program (WWWP) in the US reimburse an office visit for a pelvic exam, Pap smear test, HPV test, colposcopy, or other invasive diagnostic procedures, case management, and administrative fees. Similarly, diagnostic clinics have also started including cervical cancer diagnostics tests in their reimbursement policies. For Instance, Roche’s cobas HPV Test is covered by Selah Genomics in its own certified laboratory. These favorable reimbursements coupled with the government initiatives will drive the cervical cancer diagnostic testing market during the forecast period. Report also presents Geographical Segmentation analysis of Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market of Americas, APAC, EMEA region.   For Any Query, Contact Our Expert @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10292938 Further, the report states that one challenge in the market is rising awareness toward cervical cancer over-screening. The medical authorities worldwide suggest that HPV test should replace current Pap smear test as the primary cervical cancer screening. Till now, most of the governments in the developed countries recommended women, to undergo Pap smear test once in every two years. With the adoption of the HPV testing, which suggests women undergo the test once in every five years, not only the over-screening will be reduced, but also the governments can save on overall healthcare budgets. Based on Roche’s Athena clinical trial, the FDA acknowledged their cobas HPV test and recommended HPV testing as a replacement to Pap smear test. Key questions answered in Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing market report: What will the Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing market? What are the challenges to Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing market growth? Who are the key vendors in Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?   No of Pages: 111 Price of Report: $ 3500 (Single User License) Purchase Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10292938 About Market Reports World: Market Reports World is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Market Reports World +1 408 520 9750 Email – sales@marketreportsworld.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBest Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry Report, Best Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market Report, Business, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry forecast, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry growth, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry Report, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry shares, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry size, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market analysis, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market growth, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market Report, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market shares, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market size, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market trends, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Report, Companies, Google News, Healthcare, Industry, Latest Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry Report, Latest Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market Report, Markets, Research, satPRnews, Space, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious K92 Mining Files Updated Independent Technical Report, Mineral Resource Estimate Update & Preliminary Economic Assessment of Irumafimpa & Kora Gold Deposits, Kainantu Project, Papua New Guinea Next PostNext Maha Energy AB: Announces Year End Reserve Update Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Human Microbiome Global Market, Data Mining & Assumptions, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Human Microbiome Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 04, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Human Microbiome Market is accounted for $130.23 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $521.23 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 21.9% during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of lifestyle diseases, growing geriatric population, and technological developments are some of the factors fueling the market growth. By product, Probiotics segment dominated the global market with largest share during the forecast period. North America and Europe commanded the market owing to the improved biotechnological and microbiological research infrastructure. However, Asia-Pacific is anticipated to grow at the highest CAGR owing to recuperating research infrastructure in the region. For more information at http://www.reportsweb.com/human-microbiome-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 . Some of the key players in Human Microbiome market include Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc., E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, ViThera Pharmaceuticals, Metabiomics Corp., ActoGeniX, Optibiotix Health Plc, Vedanta Biosciences, Inc., MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC, Second Genome, Inc., ENTEROME Bioscience, Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd., Osel, Inc., AvidBiotics, Rebiotix Inc., Merck & Co., Inc. and Seres Therapeutics. Applications Covered: - Diagnostics - Therapeutics Diseases Covered: - Cancer - Acute Diarrhea - Diabetes - Mental Disorders - Autoimmune Disorders - Obesity - Other Diseases Products Covered: - Foods - Drugs - Probiotics - Diagnostic Devices - Prebiotics - Medical Foods o Nutritionally Incomplete Formulae o Formulae for Metabolic Disorders o Nutritionally Complete Formulae o Oral Rehydration Products - Other Probiotics Supplements Request Sample Copy: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/sample . Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 10 Company Profiling 10.1 Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 10.2 E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company 10.3 ViThera Pharmaceuticals 10.4 Metabiomics Corp. 10.5 ActoGeniX 10.6 Optibiotix Health Plc 10.7 Vedanta Biosciences, Inc. 10.8 MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC 10.9 Second Genome, Inc. 10.10 ENTEROME Bioscience 10.11 Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd. 10.12 Osel, Inc. 10.13 AvidBiotics 10.14 Rebiotix Inc., 10.15 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.16 Seres Therapeutics Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Press Release Receive press releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc.: By Email RSS Feeds: Global Hospital Pharmaceutical Drugs Market by Indications, Therapeutic Applications, Growth Trends and Forecast to 2020, New Report by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Hospital Pharmaceutical Drugs Market by Major Indications, Therapeutic Applications (Cardiology, Oncology, Nephrology, Urology, Pain and Infections), Growth Trends and Forecast to 2020. Maryland Heights, MO, March 04, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The global hospital pharmaceutical drugs market is estimated to reach USD 235 Billion in 2020, expanding at a CAGR of 2.8% from 2016 to 2020, due to rising healthcare expenditure and prevalence of chronic diseases worldwide. Browse Hospital Pharmaceutical Drugs Market by Indication (Coronary Heart Diseases, Heart Failure, High Blood Pressure, Stroke, Breast Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, Lung Cancer, Prostate Cancer, Acute Kidney Failure, Chronic Kidney Diseases, Diabetes, Glomerular Diseases, Alzheimer’s Disease, Epilepsy, Multiple Sclerosis, Parkinson’s Disease, Cancer Pain, Fibromyalgia, Neuropathic Pain, Osteoarthritis, Rheumatoid Arthritis, Amoebiasis, Candida Infection, Tuberculosis, Fungal Meningitis, Hepatitis A, Hepatitis B, Pneumonia, Shigellosis), Therapeutics (Anti-Adrenergic Drugs, Anti-Arrhythmic Drugs, Calcium Channel Blockers, Diuretic Drugs, 5-Alpha Reductase Inhibitors, Alkylating Agents, Anticholinergic Drugs, Anti-Hypertensive Agents, Anti-Metabolites, Diuretic Agents, Hormonal Agents, Immunomodulation Agents, Miscellaneous Drugs, Phosphate Binders, Neurology, Anti-Anxiety Agents, Antidepressant Drugs, Anti-Migraine Drugs, Anti-Psychotic Drugs, Anesthetic Drugs, Anticonvulsant Drugs, Non-Narcotics Analgesic Drugs, Non-Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs, Opioids, Antibacterial Drugs, Antifungal Drugs, Anti-parasite Drugs, and Antiviral Drugs) and Therapeutic Application (Cardiology, Oncology, Nephrology and Urology, Pain and Infection Categories) 2016-2020 at https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/hospital-pharmaceuticals-market/. Hospital pharmaceuticals are medications and drugs administered to patients in hospital settings that include both in-patient and out-patient treatment. Increasing prevalence of diseases, affordability, rising awareness, and healthcare spending are some of the factors driving the hospital pharmaceuticals market growth in emerging economies of Asia Pacific and Rest of the World. The global hospital pharmaceutical drugs market report estimates the market size (Revenue USD million - 2013 to 2020) for key market segments based on the indications (coronary heart diseases, heart failure, high blood pressure, stroke, breast cancer, colorectal cancer, lung cancer, prostate cancer, acute kidney failure, chronic kidney diseases, diabetes, glomerular diseases, Alzheimer’s disease, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s disease, cancer pain, fibromyalgia, neuropathic pain, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, amoebiasis, candida infection, tuberculosis, fungal meningitis, hepatitis A, hepatitis B, pneumonia, shigellosis; while therapeutics include anti-adrenergic drugs, anti-arrhythmic drugs, calcium channel blockers, diuretic drugs, 5-alpha reductase inhibitors, alkylating agents, anticholinergic drugs, anti-hypertensive agents, anti-metabolites, diuretic agents, hormonal agents, immunomodulation agents, miscellaneous drugs, phosphate binders, neurology, anti-anxiety agents, antidepressant drugs, anti-migraine drugs, anti-psychotic drugs, anesthetic drugs, anticonvulsant drugs, non-narcotics analgesic drugs, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, opioids, antibacterial drugs, antifungal drugs, antiparasite drugs, and antiviral drugs) and therapeutic applications in cardiology, oncology, nephrology and urology, pain and infection categories, and forecasts growth trends (CAGR% - 2016 to 2020). The global hospital pharmaceutical drugs market research report is further segmented by geography into North America (U.S., Canada), Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA), Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU), Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC), and Rest of the World. The global hospital pharmaceutical drugs market report also provides the detailed market landscape, market drivers, restraints, opportunities), market attractiveness analysis and profiles of major competitors in the global market including company overview, financial snapshot, key products, technologies and services offered, and recent developments. Major players operating in the global hospital pharmaceutical drugs market and included in this report are AstraZeneca plc, Bayer AG, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Novartis, and Pfizer, Inc. To request Table of Contents and Sample Pages of this report visit: https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/hospital-pharmaceuticals-market/ About Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. is a global healthcare market research and consulting company providing market analysis, and competitive intelligence services to global clients. The company publishes syndicate, custom and consulting grade healthcare reports covering animal healthcare, biotechnology, clinical diagnostics, healthcare informatics, healthcare services, medical devices, medical equipment, and pharmaceuticals. In addition to multi-client studies, we offer creative consulting services and conduct proprietary single-client assignments targeted at client’s specific business objectives, information needs, time frame and budget. Please contact us to receive a proposal for a proprietary single-client study. Contact Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. 2109, Mckelvey Hill Drive Maryland Heights, MO 63043 United States Email: sales@ihealthcareanalyst.com Website: https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com Contact Information iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Ana Aitawa (314) 500-7508 Contact https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/ Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Lifestyle Drugs Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017-2025 – Persistence Market Research Lifestyle Drugs Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017-2025 – Persistence Market Research Posted on March 3, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases The Lifestyle Drugs Market report provides in-depth analysis of parent market trends, macro-economic indicators and governing factors along with market attractiveness as per segments. The report also maps the qualitative impact of various market factors on market segments and geographies. New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/03/2017 — Lifestyle Drugs market revenue is growing with a significant rate, this is attributed to increasing usage of the drugs for obesity. In addition to this, increasing prevalence of insomnia and stress leads to increase in the revenue growth of life style drugs market over the forecast period. Also increase in looks consciousness leads to increasing number of people visiting dermatologists for curing acne, baldness and wrinkles. Growing healthcare expenditure and increasing inclination of patients to opt for lifestyle drugs drives the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Increasing number of new drug launches for various ailments also drives the market for lifestyle drugs market. However higher pricing of some life style drugs along with availability of alternative treatment plans such as yoga for obesity is expected to hamper the growth of the lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Lifestyle drugs market revenue is expected to grow at a good growth rate, over the forecast period. The market is anticipated to perform well in the near future due to increasing awareness regarding various lifestyle drugs available in the market. Also the market is anticipated to grow with a fastest CAGR over the forecast period, attributed to increasing health and looks consciousness which in turn drives the revenue growth of life style drugs market. Increasing investment in R&D and increasing number of new product launches, collaborations, strategic tie-ups are the major factors estimated to drive the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Depending on geographic region, the Lifestyle Drugs market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC) and Middle East & Africa (MEA). North America is occupying the largest regional market share in the global lifestyle drugs market owing to the presence of more number of market players, high awareness levels regarding the use of various life style drugs. Increasing healthcare expenditure and relatively larger number of R&D exercises pertaining to product manufacturing and marketing activities in the region. Also Europe is expected to perform well in the near future due to increasing number of people opting for drugs to increase their aesthetic appeal which in turn drives the revenue growth of dermatology segment of lifestyle drugs market. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR because of increase in the prevalence of sexual disorders, also increase in the prevalence of baldness and premature aging drive the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Some of the key players of lifestyle drugs market includes Allergan, BMS, Eli Lilly, Galderma, Merck, Pfizer, Novartis, AstraZeneca, Sanofi, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, and Johnson & Johnson etc. Many companies have entered lifestyle drugs market to target the untapped areas in the market. The companies in lifestyle drugs market are increasingly engaged in strategic partnerships, collaborations and promotional activities to capture a greater pie of market share as the market is in the nascent stage. The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data, and statistically supported and industry-validated market data. It also contains projections using a suitable set of assumptions and methodologies. The research report provides analysis and information according to categories such as market segments, geographies, types, technology and applications. Browse Full Report summary and to request sample report and table of content@ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/lifestyle-drugs-market.asp For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/lifestyle-drugs-market-set-to-witness-an-uptick-during-2017-2025-persistence-market-research-777683.htm Media Relations Contact Rahul Singh Marketing Manager Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd Telephone: 800-961-0353 Email: Click to Email Rahul Singh Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/lifestyle-drugs-market.asp Latest News The Institute for Veterans and Military Families and the Schultz Family Foundation Launch Veteran Support Network in Washington State Automotive Switch Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2016-2026: Persistence Market Research Rare Disease Treatment Market Estimated to Flourish by 2016 – 2024 – Persistence Market Research Global Well Intervention Market 2016-2021: Market by Service, by Application, by Region, Opportunities and Forecasts Mobile Operating Tables Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 -Persistence Market Research Lifestyle Drugs Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017-2025 – Persistence Market Research Automotive Oil & Fuel Market Estimated to Flourish by 2016 – 2026: Persistence Market Research Cushing’s Disease Treatment Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2017-2025 -Persistence Market Research Motorcycle Tires Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2017 – 2027: Persistence Market Research Transcatheter Pulmonary Valve (TPV) Market Estimated to Experience a Hike in Growth 2017 – 2027 -Persistence Market Research © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
03072017Headline: Market analysis & Forecast: Research Report Covers Global Personal Mobility Devices Industry 2017 12 mins ago Protein Therapeutics Market Research Report Now Available at Acute Market Reports 13 mins ago Global Stretchable Fabrics Market 2017 : Size, Share, Trend, Growth, Analysis and Forecast – Acute Market Reports 14 mins ago Global Study On Thermoplastic Polyolefins Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports 22 mins ago Global Active Suspension Systems Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Survey, Market Size, Competitive Trends: Acute Market Reports 24 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Pharmacogenomics Market Is Expected To Reach USD 11.94 Bn By 2024 Global Pharmacogenomics Market Is Expected To Reach USD 11.94 Bn By 2024 March 3, 2017 | by David1990 | The latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Global Pharmacogenomics Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023,” the global pharmacogenomics market was valued at US$ 7,167.6 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach US$ 11,938.8 Mn by 2024, expanding at a CAGR of 5.6% from 2016 to 2024. Browse the full report Global Pharmacogenomics Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2024 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/pharmacogenomic-market Market Insights Pharmacogenomics or personalized medicine is defined as “the tailoring of medical treatment to the specific characteristics of each patient.” This concept in reality involves the ability to classify individuals into subpopulations that are uniquely or disproportionately susceptible to a particular disease or responsive to a specific treatment. Personalized medicine emphasizes on paradigm shift in medicine from reaction to prevention. The individual response to the drug varies according to the genetic composition. Most of the responses are positive and show improvement while few face the side effects. To address those variations, it is necessary to study how the drug processing is affected by the genes. So when the genetic variation is affecting the drug processing and response, there is scope of the clinical study to be conducted and based on the result, adjust the dosage or to find a different drug according to the genetic composition of an individual. Genetic study of an individual helps in predicting the susceptibility to disease, its progression and overall improves the diseases detection. Able to design unique disease prevention strategies, prescribe more effective drugs and reduce the ADR’s, enhance quality of life, increase patient compliance; therefore able to optimize the health care cost by reducing the time, cost and rate of failure of clinical trials. Personalized medicine incorporates strong fundamental knowledge about the molecular and genetic frame, which is the main driver for its proliferation. The global pharmacogenomics market is segmented based on technology type as microarray, sequencing, polymerase chain reaction and other technologies. Sequencing dominates the market, especially with the advent of next generation sequencing attributed by high throughput screening, high accuracy and speed. Further elucidation of this market in terms of technologies is as follows: Microarray Sequencing Sanger Sequencing Pyrosequencing Next-Generation Sequencing Polymerase Chain Reaction Other Technologies Mass Spectrometry Electrophoresis The global pharmacogenomics market is further segmented in terms of therapeutic application such as oncology, cardiology, psychiatry, infectious diseases, pain management, neurological disorders and others. Among these, oncology segment dominates the therapeutic market followed by psychiatry and infectious diseases. Currently, North America occupies the largest revenue share for global pharmacogenomics market, largely dominated by the U.S. Major growth drivers of North America market are presence of extensive and evolved healthcare infrastructure, increasing preference for better, cost effective and personalized therapeutics for various diseases and infections. Asia Pacific is expected to be the most attractive regional market and is anticipated to witness extensive growth during the forecast period. Market Competition Assessment: Key players in the Pharmcogenomicsmarket are Abbott Laboratories, Inc., Affymetrix, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Assurex Health, Bayer AG, GeneDX, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Illumina, Inc., Myriad Genetics, Inc., Merck & Co, GE Healthcare, GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Inc., Pathway Genomics, Qiagen, Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Transgenomic, Inc. Browse the full report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/pharmacogenomic-market Key Market Movements: Focus on personalized medicine emphasizing on the paradigm shift in medicine from reaction to prevention. Able to design unique disease prevention strategies, prescribe more effective drugs and reduce the ADR’s, enhance quality of life, increase patient compliance. Recently, pharmacogenomics have being extensively used in drug development. It is used at various stages of drug development assessing and identifying effect of drug target polymorphisms on drug response. Discovery of new biological mechanisms and identification of molecules with improved efficacy and safety  Latest Market Research Reports: Global In-Vitro ADME Services Market By Type (Solution Properties, Drug Absorption & Transport, Drug Metabolism, Drug – Drug Interactions) – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis And Forecast 2016 – 2023 Global Antioxidant Market By Product (Natural Antioxidants, Synthetic Antioxidants), By Application (Pharmaceutical, Food And Beverage, Feed Additive, Cosmetic) – Growth, Future Prospects And Competitive Analysis, 2016 – 2023 Pharmacogenomics Market By Technology (Microarray, Sequencing, Polymerase Chain Reaction), By Application (Oncology, Cardiology, Pain Management, Neurological Disorders) – Growth, Share, Opportunities & Competitive Analysis, 2016 – 2024 About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Who we are Credence Research is a worldwide firm, containing more than 15 research consultants and almost 100 research and information professionals. Our customers mirror our worldwide nature. Around 45% are in Europe, 30% in the Americas, 13% in Asia Pacific and 12% in the Middle East and Africa. Our firm is intended to work as one. We are a solitary global research organization united by a solid arrangement of qualities, concentrated on customer effect. What we do We serve customers at each level of their organization, in whatever limit we can be most helpful, whether as a trusted counsel to top management or as a hands-on mentor for forefront representatives. For each engagement, we collect a group with the most suitable experience and ability. No matter the challenge, we concentrate on delivering functional and persevering results, and preparing our customers to develop and lead. We join forces with customers to place suggestions into practice. Our research specialist work straightforwardly with customers over long stretches to create workforce aptitudes, drive operational change, and apply new working strategies. Contact: Name: Chris Smith Designation: Global Sales Manager E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web:  http://www.credenceresearch.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Market analysis & Forecast: Research Report Covers Global Personal Mobility Devices Industry 2017 Protein Therapeutics Market Research Report Now Available at Acute Market Reports Global Stretchable Fabrics Market 2017 : Size, Share, Trend, Growth, Analysis and Forecast – Acute Market Reports Global Study On Thermoplastic Polyolefins Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Market analysis & Forecast: Research Report Covers Global Personal Mobility Devices Industry 2017 Protein Therapeutics Market Research Report Now Available at Acute Market Reports Global Stretchable Fabrics Market 2017 : Size, Share, Trend, Growth, Analysis and Forecast – Acute Market Reports Global Study On Thermoplastic Polyolefins Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Global Active Suspension Systems Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Survey, Market Size, Competitive Trends: Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 373.19 -0.02%   Nikkei ▲ 19344.15 -0.18%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -2/32 yield 2.506%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.33 0.24%   Euro ▲ 1.0575 -0.07%   DJIA ▲ 20954.34 -0.24%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In GM’s Opel Exit Is Rare No-Confidence Vote in European Market Samsung Scandal Deepens as Prosecutors Detail Allegations Exxon’s $20 Billion Spending Plan Points to U.S. Energy Surge RadioShack to Seek Bankruptcy Protection, Again IBM, Salesforce Agree to Partner on Artificial Intelligence Facebook Wasn’t Ready for Video’s Dark Side CSX Agrees to Hire Hunter Harrison as CEO Kenyan Tea, a Reliable Export, Brews a Market at Home Chobani Hires Nestlé Executive as Operations Chief Argentina to Allow First Budget Airline to Begin Flying in Country Amazon’s View of the Cloud Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Health Care Health Drug Companies Block Shareholder Votes on Price Transparency Proposals Investors’ group wants companies to disclose price increases over the years, and the rationale By Peter Loftus Peter Loftus The Wall Street Journal BiographyPeter Loftus @Loftus Peter.Loftus@dowjones.com March 1, 2017 5:07 p.m. ET Several major U.S. drug companies have squelched an investor campaign aimed at forcing companies to disclose more information about when and why they raise prices. In October, a group of institutional investors, including many with ties to religious organizations, submitted shareholder proposals asking 11 U.S. drug companies, including Pfizer Inc. and Merck & Co., to issue reports listing average annual price increases for their top-selling drugs between 2010 and 2016, and to state the rationale for the increases. The... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Updated 3/1/2017 Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie PolicyUpdated 3/1/2017 Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 March 2017 by Military News Leonard Bell, M.D., Alexions Founder, Announces Plans to Retire as Chairman and Board Member NEW HAVEN, Conn.–( )–Leonard Bell, M.D., Founder of Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ALXN), has informed the Board of Directors that he will not stand for reelection as a Board member and will retire as Chairman of the Board and as a Director at the end of his term, effective as of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled for May 10, 2017. In accepting Dr. Bell’s decision, the Board announced that it expects to appoint David Brennan, Alexion’s Interim Chief Executive Officer and fellow Board member, to succeed Dr. Bell as Chairman. R. Douglas Norby, Alexion’s Lead Independent Director, said, “On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, we want to extend our deep appreciation to Lenny for his extraordinary vision and leadership over the past 25 years. Lenny is a giant in the field of biotechnology and one of the industry’s true pioneers who helped usher in the era of modern medicine. His unwavering commitment and perseverance to medical research, his advocacy for serving patients and their families through breakthrough medical innovation, and his stewardship of the Company have all contributed to making Alexion the global biopharmaceutical leader it is today. As Lenny retires, we are very pleased that the Board plans on appointing David Brennan as our new Chairman following the Annual Meeting. David’s deep knowledge of Alexion, including the insights he is now gaining as our Interim CEO, make him ideally suited to serve as our next Chairman, and we look forward to his important ongoing contributions to the Company.” Dr. Bell said, “I am incredibly proud of all that we have achieved over the past 25 years since Alexion was founded, and I have great confidence in the future of the Company. Since my retirement as CEO in 2015, it has been highly gratifying to continue to work closely with the Board and management as Chairman. I am very much looking forward to spending increasing time with my family, and also exploring new and different opportunities. I am extremely grateful to and would like to thank all the employees of Alexion and, most importantly, encourage them to continue their important mission of discovering and developing new breakthrough therapies to transform the lives of patients who suffer from rare and devastating disorders.” Interim CEO David Brennan said, “Since joining the Alexion Board of Directors in 2014 and being named Interim CEO late last year, I have gotten to know and deeply respect Lenny for the exceptional foresight and determination he so passionately brings to Alexion. He will be missed, and it will be my distinct honor to succeed him as Chairman. Since becoming Interim CEO, I am even more impressed with Alexion, the caliber of our employees, and their commitment to serving patients with our transformative therapies. Our team is focused on our mission, and we are working hard to drive significant, long-term growth that benefits all of our stakeholders. The Board and I look forward to partnering with Alexion’s new CEO, once he or she is announced, to continue the Company’s progress and to execute on our strategy as a leader and innovator in the global biopharmaceutical industry.” About Leonard Bell, M.D. Dr. Bell was the principal founder of Alexion in 1992 and served as the Chief Executive Officer from the Company’s inception until he retired as CEO on March 31, 2015. Under his leadership Alexion grew to become a global biopharmaceutical company with employees serving patients with severe and life-threatening disorders in 50 countries through fully integrated research, discovery, development, manufacturing, and commercial capabilities. Prior to founding Alexion, Dr. Bell was an attending physician at Yale-New Haven Hospital and Assistant Professor of Medicine and Pathology at the Yale University School of Medicine, where he also received his M.D. degree. Dr. Bell was a recipient of the numerous awards and honors as an academic scientist prior to founding Alexion. Dr. Bell received his A.B. from Brown University and M.D. from Yale University School of Medicine. Dr. Bell is currently an Adjunct Assistant Professor of Medicine and Pathology at the Yale University School of Medicine. About David R. Brennan Mr. Brennan has been serving as Alexion’s Interim Chief Executive Officer since December 2016, while the Company conducts a search for a permanent CEO. Once that new CEO is identified, Mr. Brennan will continue as Alexion’s Chairman. Mr. Brennan has been a Director of Alexion since July 2014 and has served on the Strategy and Risk Committee, the Quality Compliance Committee, and the Science and Innovation Committee. From 2006 to 2012, he served as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of AstraZeneca PLC, one of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies. Mr. Brennan worked for AstraZeneca in increasing roles of responsibility, including as Executive Vice President of North America from 2001 to 2006 and as Senior Vice President of Commercialization and Portfolio Management from 1999 to 2001. Prior to the merger of Astra AB and Zeneca Plc, he served as Senior Vice President of Business Planning and Development of Astra Pharmaceuticals LP, the American subsidiary of Astra AB. Mr. Brennan began his career in 1975 at Merck and Co. Inc., where he rose from Sales Representative in the U.S. Division to General Manager of Chibret International, a French subsidiary of Merck. He received a BA in business administration from Gettysburg College, where he is a member of the Board of Trustees. About Alexion Alexion is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and delivering life-transforming therapies for patients with devastating and rare disorders. Alexion is the global leader in complement inhibition and has developed and commercializes the first and only approved complement inhibitor to treat patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) and atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS), two life-threatening ultra-rare disorders. In addition, Alexion’s metabolic franchise includes two highly innovative enzyme replacement therapies for patients with life-threatening and ultra-rare disorders, hypophosphatasia (HPP) and lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D). Alexion is advancing its rare disease pipeline with highly innovative product candidates in multiple therapeutic areas. This press release and further information about Alexion can be found at: www.alexion.com. [ALXN-G] Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements often include words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “expect,” “will,” or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are subject to factors that may cause Alexion’s results and plans to differ from those expected, including for example, risks related to potential disruptions to our business as a result of the leadership changes, the risk that hiring a new CEO may take longer than anticipated, and a variety of other risks set forth from time to time in Alexion’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the risks discussed in Alexion’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2016 and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Alexion does not intend to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except when a duty arises under law. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, Connecticut, division, general, honor, hospital, Industry, officer, Science, section, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sarepta Therapeutics to Present Company Overview at the Cowen and Company 37th Annual Health Care Conference Next PostNext Thousands of Arizonans help shape ADOTs Long-Range Transportation Plan Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Sleep Aids Market to Raise at a CAGR of 5.7% over the Forecast Period by 2020 Global Sleep Aids Market to Raise at a CAGR of 5.7% over the Forecast Period by 2020 Posted on March 3, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Sleep disorder occurs due to changes in sleeping pattern of a person which can be caused by physical disturbances, medical issues, psychiatric problems, and environmental issues. New York City, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/02/2017 — According to a new market report published by Persistence Market Research "Global Market Study on Sleep Aids: Sleep Apnea to Witness Highest Growth by 2020", the global sleep aids market was valued at US$ 58.1 Bn in 2014 and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 5.7% to account for US$80.8 Bn by 2020. Sleep aids are drugs and medical devices that help a person to fall asleep. Lack of quality sleep leads to a medical condition known as a sleep disorder. Sleep disorder occurs due to changes in sleeping pattern of a person which can be caused by physical disturbances, medical issues, psychiatric problems, and environmental issues. Globally, the sleep aids market is witnessing significant growth due to rising incidence of sleep disorders due to growing geriatric population, increasing demand for sleeping pills due to stressful modern lifestyle and rising initiatives by various health organizations to increase awareness about sleep disorders. However, factors such as side effects associated with sleep aids medications and patent expiration of major sleep drugs are key restraints for the growth of the global sleep aids market. The global sleep aids market was valued at US$ 58.1 Bn in 2014 and expected to account for US$ 80.8 Bn by 2020 at a CAGR of 5.7%. North America has the largest market for the global Sleep Aids market. This is due to technological advancements in the region. The North American sleep aids market was valued at US$ 31.9 Bn in 2014 and is expected to account for US$ 44.5 Bn by 2020 at a CAGR of 5.7%. In terms of sleep disorders, sleep apnea is the fastest growing segment. In terms of product, mattresses and pillows are the largest segments in the sleep aids market. In terms of medication, prescription medications are the largest segment in the market. Some of the latest trends in the global sleep aids market are increasing usage of home sleep test for diagnosis of sleep apnea, continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) therapy to treat sleep apnea, and growing adoption of wearable monitors and passive-off body sensors. A Sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/2832 Sanofi, Merck & Co., Pfizer, Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Philips), GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, Care Fusion Corporation, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. are some of the leading players in the global market for Sleep Aids market. Some of the other major players in Sleep Aids market are; Cadwell, SleepMed, Inc, Natus Medical manufactures, DeVilbiss Healthcare LLC, and Compumedics Limited. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/2832 For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-sleep-aids-market-to-raise-at-a-cagr-of-57-over-the-forecast-period-by-2020-777282.htm Media Relations Contact Rahul Singh Marketing Manager Persistence Market Research Telephone: 800-961-0353 Email: Click to Email Rahul Singh Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/mediarelease/sleep-aids-market.asp Latest News Construction in the UAE Key Trends and Opportunities to 2021 : Now Available at Researchmoz.us Mobile Robotics Market to Increase at Steady Growth Rate by 2016-2024 Infrascanner Market Estimated to Flourish by 2024 – Persistence Market Research In-Building Wireless Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024 Enterprise Laboratory Informatics Market to Receive Overwhelming Hike in Revenues by 2026- Persistence Market Research Electronic Lab Notebook Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2026 – Persistence Market Research Discover the Global Wearable Medical Equipment Sales Market with Sales (Consumption), Revenue, Market Share and Growth Rate 2016 Market Overview of Tele-Care Medical Equipment Market Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) Global Sleep Aids Market to Raise at a CAGR of 5.7% over the Forecast Period by 2020 Latest Report Details of Global Polymer Orthopaedic Biomaterial Market Research Report 2017 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Below-Ankle Interventions Promising for Foot Salvage Psoriasis Responds After Biologic Failure Improving Addiction Care: HealthLeaders Media SMART on FHIR Apps for EHRs Help Enable Interoperability No Heart Surgeon Match Day for Major Medical Center LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Rheumatology cme/ce Long-term Low-dose Steroids OK in Early RA Use with DMARDs and for the shortest period and the lowest possible dose MedpageToday savesaved register today Earn Free CME Credits by reading the latest medical news in your specialty.sign up by Judy George Contributing Writer, MedPage Today March 04, 2017 Action Points Note that this observational cohort study of patients with early rheumatoid arthritis (RA) found that the use of low-dose corticosteroids was not associated with serious safety events. Be aware that steroids may have been prescribed preferentially to healthier individuals, which may not have been fully accounted for in the statistical adjustments. Low-dose glucocorticoids appear to be safe over the long term for early active rheumatoid arthritis (RA), French researchers reported in Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases. However, the products should be used with disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs), and for the shortest duration at the lowest possible amounts. A 7-year analysis of a cohort from the French Etude et Suivi des Polyarthrites Indifferenciees Recentes (ESPOIR) showed no significant difference in major safety events between early RA patients with and without low-dose glucocorticoid treatment. About 10% of patients were affected in each group. These results support the good safety profile of low-dose glucocorticoid therapy for early RA, wrote Bernard Combe, MD, PhD, Director of the Research Center in the Department of Rheumatology of Montpellier University, and colleagues. "To our knowledge, this is the first cohort study specifically designed to assess (among other data) glucocorticoid adverse effects and to report the long-term tolerability profile of glucocorticoid use in early RA." Although glucocorticoid therapy is widely used in early RA, the risk-benefit balance has had little evidence base to date, with most data coming from observational studies and scant evidence from randomized clinical trials, the team noted. In a 2016 systematic review of recent literature published in Arthritis Care & Research, researchers at Charite University Hospital in Berlin noted that there was a general consensus about the usefulness of glucocorticoids in the short term, but insufficient evidence to provide guidance about their safety in the long term. The ESPOIR cohort offered an unusual opportunity to examine the long-term tolerability of glucocorticoid in very early RA in real-life scenarios. The study included patients with early arthritis from 14 French rheumatology centers enrolled in ESPOIR from 2002 to 2005, with the database locked in 2013 at the 7-year point. Patients had inflammatory arthritis in at least two swollen joints lasting from 6 weeks to 6 months with the potential to develop into RA, and had not received either DMARDs or glucocorticoid therapy. The researchers classified the 602 patients with early RA (79% women, mean age of 48±12) into two groups: those who received glucocorticoid treatment at least once after recruitment (n=386), and those who did not (n=216). Both groups were followed for an average of 5.98±1.84 years. Most of the patients (68.1%) in the glucocorticoid group started treatment during the first 6 months. The group received mainly low-dose prednisone at a mean dose of 3.1±2.9 mg/day, median of 2.4 mg/day (IQR 0.7-5) during follow-up. Active disease was greater in this group, with significantly higher DAS28 CRP levels and Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ) scores. Because of this, these patients also used more DMARDs, biological agents, and NSAIDs than the non-treatment group. The treatment group included patients who had received systemic glucocorticoids orally, intramuscularly, or intravenously. The mean duration of total glucocorticoid treatment was 1,057±876 days, median 803 days (IQR 267-1829). The non-treatment group included patients who received no steroid treatment or only non-systemic therapy such as intra-articular injections of glucocorticoids or inhaled glucocorticoids. Excluded in the study were patients with a history of cardiovascular disease, severe infection, or fracture, since they were thought to be less likely to receive glucocorticoid prescriptions and more likely to be at risk for glucocorticoids' side effects. The primary outcome was a composite of new-onset events, including all-cause mortality, cardiovascular disease (myocardial infarction, acute coronary syndrome, angina pectoris, stroke, and heart failure), severe infection that required hospitalization or intravenous antibiotics, and fracture. Among 65 events that were reported in both groups (7 deaths, 14 cardiovascular diseases, 19 severe infections, and 25 fractures), 44 (11.4%) occurred in patients with glucocorticoids and 21 (9.7%) occurred in patients without the treatment. Deaths were caused by cancer or malignant blood diseases in four patients, salmonellosis and ruptured aortic aneurysm in one patient each, and an unknown cause in another. Infections were more frequent in patients who received glucocorticoids, but not significantly more frequently. Using weighted Cox proportional-hazards analysis and propensity score to reduce bias, the researchers found that the composite outcome for patients did not differ with or without glucocorticoids (HR 0.889, 95% CI 0.620-1.273, P=0.520). "These data support the good safety profile of very low-dose glucocorticoid therapy in early RA," Combe and colleagues wrote. "Although our findings need further confirmation, they strongly support the current recommendations that glucocorticoids should be used for early RA, with DMARDs, for the shortest period and at the lowest possible dose." Because the study used an observational cohort, the limitations included possible unknown confounders and the potential bias inherent in self-reported data, the researchers said. By using a composite endpoint, they might have emphasized each patient's first outcome. The relatively small number of adverse events also might have limited the study's power, the team noted. Funding for the study was provided by the French Society of Rheumatology. The ESPOIR (Etude et Suivi des Polyarthrites Indifferenciees Recentes) cohort was supported by a grant from Merck Sharp and Dohme for the first 5 years and also received funds from the French Society of Rheumatology, AbbVie, Pfizer, and Roche Chugai. Part of the biological database was supported by additional grants from INSERM (Institut National de la Sante et de la Recherche Medicale). The authors reported having no conflicts of interest. Reviewed by F. Perry Wilson, MD, MSCE Assistant Professor, Section of Nephrology, Yale School of Medicine and Dorothy Caputo, MA, BSN, RN, Nurse Planner 2017-03-04T16:00:00-0500 Primary Source Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases Source Reference: Roubille C, et al "Seven-year tolerability profile of glucocorticoids use in early rheumatoid arthritis: data from the ESPOIR cohort" Ann Rheum Dis 2017; doi:10.1136/annrheumdis-2016-210135. take posttest 0 comments More in Rheumatology Relapses Common with S. Aureus Nasal Carriage in ANCA-Related Vasculitis Long-term Low-dose Steroids OK in Early RA Benefits for Intense Exercise Started 3 Months Post-TKR Dementia Risk Up with Autoimmunity About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Research and Markets - Evolving Pharmaceutical Marketing Strategies Report 2017 Featuring AstraZeneca, GSK, Pfizer, Novartis, Sanofi, Merck and Johnson & Johnson News provided by Research and Markets Mar 03, 2017, 12:00 ET Share this article DUBLIN, Mar 03, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Evolving Pharmaceutical Marketing Strategies: Digital as a Key Component of Multichannel Marketing" report to their offering. The report features an overview of the various marketing channels available to pharma, and examines the factors driving change within this field. It analyzes how a wide range of digital marketing methods can be effectively integrated into a synergistic multichannel marketing strategy that allows both traditional and newer channels to complement each other. Analysis of the main challenges and risks associated with digital marketing methods, in addition to potential solutions and approaches to overcoming them, is provided. Real-world case studies of marketing strategies and campaigns employed by pharma are also included. While the pharmaceutical industry readily adopts new technologies to provide medical advancements, it has been much slower to adopt technology within its marketing efforts, mostly relying on traditional channels and methods. However, the decreasing effectiveness of these traditional channels, given changing physician, patient and consumer trends in today's increasingly digital society, is forcing an evolution of pharmaceutical marketing strategies. The report examines how the effective implementation of various digital marketing approaches, in conjunction with traditional channels in an integrated multichannel marketing strategy, has the ability to expand marketing reach, increase audience engagement, provide higher return on investment (ROI) and improve methods of tracking ROI for pharmaceutical companies. This new report adds to our unique portfolio of trusted industry analyses that enable our clients to assess the most promising areas in the market and exploit key business opportunities. Key Topics Covered: 1 Executive Summary 1.1 Overview of Marketing Channels Available to Pharma 2 Drivers of Change in Pharma Marketing Strategy 2.1 Evolving Patient and Consumer Market Trends 2.2 Evolving Physician Market Trends 2.3 Paradigm Shifts in Pharma Sale Force 2.4 Advantages of Digital Strategies versus Traditional Marketing 2.5 Evolving Market Access Strategies 3 Digital and Multichannel Marketing Strategies 3.1 What is Multichannel Marketing? 3.2 Implementing a Multichannel Marketing Strategy 3.3 Implementing Digital into Face-to-Face Detailing 3.4 eDetailing 3.5 Big Data Solutions for Pharma Marketing 3.6 Predictive Modeling: Fundamental Source of Big Data's Power 3.7 Leveraging Big Data Solutions to Target Physicians 3.8 Using Big Data for Sales Force Allocation 3.9 Social Media: Key Opportunities Provided by this Channel 3.10 Social Media Marketing: Key Points to Note 3.11 Social Media Marketing Case Study 3.12 Embracing Video Content for Digital Pharma Marketing 3.13 Key Features of Effective Video Marketing 3.14 Prepare for Digital Drug Launches 3.15 Mobile Marketing: Updating Practices for the Smartphone Era 3.16 Pharma Mobile Apps 3.17 Closed-Loop Marketing as part of Multichannel Marketing 3.18 Medical Science Liaisons as part of Multichannel Marketing 3.19 Utilizing Digital Tools to Empower Medical Science Liaisons 3.20 Programmatic Advertising in Pharma 3.21 Programmatic Advertising in Pharma: Approaches to Avoid Regulatory Issues 4 Challenges of Pharma Digital Marketing and Solutions 4.1 Social Media Strategies for Pharma: Challenges and Solutions 4.2 AstraZeneca: Social Media Guidance 4.3 Privacy Issues 4.4 Digital Talent Gap in Pharma and Other Organizational Challenges 4.5 How Does Branded Content Stay Relevant in the Internet Age? 4.6 Challenge of Measuring Return on Investment in a Multichannel Marketing Strategy 4.7 How to Accelerate Digital Marketing 5 Pharma Digital Marketing Strategies: Case Studies 5.1 GSK and Pfizer 5.2 Novartis and Sanofi 5.3 Johnson & Johnson and Merck & Co 5.4 Social Media Use in Pharma – Case Studies 5.5 Report Summary 6 Bibliography For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/bpvc6z/evolving Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets---evolving-pharmaceutical-marketing-strategies-report-2017-featuring-astrazeneca-gsk-pfizer-novartis-sanofi-merck-and-johnson--johnson-300417608.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com Mar 03, 2017, 12:15 ET Preview: Global Medical Plastics Market to Reach 17.2 Billion Pounds by 2021 - Information on Medical Devices, New Products, Related Technologies, Sterilization Techniques & Product Lines - Research and Markets Mar 03, 2017, 11:45 ET Preview: China RMB 15 Billion Commercial Service Robots Market Assessment 2016 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 06, 2017, 15:00 ETGlobal Thermoplastic Polyurethane Films Market - Forecast to 2022... Mar 06, 2017, 14:45 ETGlobal Commercial Drones Market Analysis 2013-2016 & Forecasts to... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - Evolving Pharmaceutical Marketing Strategies Report 2017 Featuring AstraZeneca, GSK, Pfizer, Novartis, Sanofi, Merck and Johnson & Johnson News provided by Research and Markets Mar 03, 2017, 12:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
