Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Aurinia Completes Licensing Deal with Merck Animal Health for Its Nanomicellar Formulation of Voclosporin for the Treatment of Canine Dry Eye Syndrome VICTORIA, British Columbia–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:AUPH/TSX:AUP) (“Aurinia” or the “Company”) today announced that it has signed a Definitive Agreement (“the Agreement”) granting Merck Animal Health, known as MSD Animal Health outside of the United States and Canada, worldwide rights to develop and commercialize Aurinia’s patented nanomicellar voclosporin ophthalmic solution (VOS) for the treatment of dry eye syndrome in dogs. Under the terms of this agreement Aurinia will receive an upfront payment and is eligible to receive further payments based on certain development and sales milestones. Furthermore, Aurinia will receive royalties based on global product sales. Merck Animal Health will be responsible for the remaining clinical development and commercialization of VOS for use in the animal health field, while Aurinia retains all human health rights. The companies will share in the final work product and any technical knowledge that may be generated during the collaboration. “This partnership with Merck Animal Health underscores our long-standing belief that voclosporin has the potential to be effectively used across a range of therapeutic areas, in addition to its primary potential indication for the treatment of lupus nephritis,” said Richard Glickman, Aurinia’s CEO and Chairman of the Board. “In addition to enhancing dry eye treatment options in the animal health field, VOS has a differentiated product profile with long patent life that has the potential to compete in the multi-billion dollar human prescription dry eye market. While this ophthalmology project will continue to be advanced by Merck Animal Health, the Aurinia clinical team will remain focused on our lupus nephritis program, which is on track to begin enrollment for the AURORA Phase III trial this quarter.” Throughout the past year, Merck Animal Health has conducted proof of concept research in dogs suffering from dry eye syndrome, which affects one out of every 22 dogs. The early symptoms can be easily missed by pet owners, leading to irreversible damage to a dog’s vision and eventually resulting in blindness. “VOS has the potential to address significant unmet medical needs in ophthalmology, and the preliminary results of our canine dry eye trial are very promising,” says Holger Lehmann, DVM, PhD , Associate Vice President, Drug Discovery, Merck Animal Health. “We look forward to continuing our collaboration with Aurinia and believe this partnership is a prime example of the synergies that exist between human and animal health drug development for the benefit of all of our patients.” “Completed preclinical and human Phase Ib studies using Aurinia’s nanomicellar VOS formulation have shown encouraging results in terms of delivery of active drug to the target tissues of the eye,” said Neil Solomons, MD, Chief Medical Officer of Aurinia. “The nanomicellar formulation enables high concentrations of voclosporin to be incorporated into a preservative-free solution for local delivery to the ocular surface. This has been shown to potentially improve efficacy, dosing frequency and tolerability versus the current treatments for dry eye syndrome. We are excited about the potential for topical ocular administration of voclosporin utilizing this unique and proprietary nanomicellar drug delivery technology.” Aurinia is exploring all options to create value with its proprietary nanomicellar ocular formulation of voclosporin in the human health field including, but not limited to, further development, out-licensing or divestiture while remaining focused on the Phase III lupus nephritis program. About Dry Eye in Dogs Keratoconjunctivitis sicca (KCS or dry eye) is a common eye disease of dogs. This disease is characterized by inflammation of the lacrimal glands, resulting in reduced or absent tear formation and secondary bacterial conjunctivitis. If left untreated, damage to the tear glands is irreversible, leading to painful dry eye, and often leads to permanent blindness. About Dry Eye in Humans Dry Eye Syndrome (DES), also known as keratoconjunctivitis sicca (KCS), is a multifactorial, heterogeneous condition wherein the eyes have insufficient amount of tears, which are necessary for normal eye function. Prevalence estimates range from 14% to 33% of the general population, with between 30 and 40 million people believed to be affected in the U.S. It is one of the most common reasons for visits to ophthalmologists. DES prevalence is likely to continue to grow as a result of the ageing population, (risk of DES increases 35% each decade after age 40), higher physician and patient awareness, increasing visual tasking and worsening environmental conditions. About Aurinia Aurinia is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapies to treat targeted patient populations that are suffering from serious diseases with a high unmet medical need. The company is currently developing voclosporin, an investigational drug, for the treatment of lupus nephritis (LN). The company is headquartered in Victoria, BC and focuses its development efforts globally. www.auriniapharma.com About Merck Animal Health For over a century, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck Animal Health, known as MSD Animal Health outside the United States and Canada, is the global animal health business unit of Merck. Through its commitment to the Science of Healthier Animals™, Merck Animal Health offers veterinarians, farmers, pet owners and governments one of the widest range of veterinary pharmaceuticals, vaccines and health management solutions and services. Merck Animal Health is dedicated to preserving and improving the health, well-being and performance of animals. It invests extensively in dynamic and comprehensive R&D resources and a modern, global supply chain. Merck Animal Health is present in more than 50 countries, while its products are available in some 150 markets. For more information, visit www.merck-animal-health.com or connect with us on LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter at @MerckAH. We seek safe harbor. Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements related to Aurinia’s nanomicellar formulation of voclosporin (VOS) for the treatment of canine dry eye syndrome and for potential application in human health. It is possible that such results or conclusions may change based on further analyses of these data. Words such as „plans,” „intends,” “may,” „will,” „believe,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon Aurinia’s current expectations. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Aurinia’s actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, the risk that Aurinia’s analyses, assessment and conclusions regarding VOS set forth in this release may change based on further analyses of such data, and the risk that clinical studies for VOS may not lead to regulatory approval. These and other risk factors are discussed under „Risk Factors” and elsewhere in Aurinia’s Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed with Canadian securities authorities and available at www.sedar.com and on Form 40-F with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov, each as updated by subsequent filings, including filings on Form 6-K. Aurinia expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aurinia’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Top Stock Picks for the Week of April 17th Next PostNext CIC Hearing Aids Market Forecast 2021: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development Europe, the Middle East and Africa to 2021 Search Recent Posts Blood Lancets Market Capacity, Growth, Production & Production Cost and Forecast Analysis to 2021 Particle Beam Radiation Therapy System Market Analysis, Outlook, Opportunities, Size, Share Forecast and Supply Demand 2017-2021 Gran Colombia Gold Confirms Resignation of a Director Emblem Corp. Announces Grant of Stock Options DMV Rapper Marc 2Ray’s “1915” Video Depicts The Armenian Genocide Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News One Put, One Call Option To Know About for Merck Shutterstock photo Consistently, one of the more popular stocks people enter into their stock options watchlist at Stock Options Channel is Merck & Co Inc (Symbol: MRK). So this week we highlight one interesting put contract, and one interesting call contract, from the October expiration for MRK. The put contract our YieldBoost algorithm identified as particularly interesting, is at the $55 strike, which has a bid at the time of this writing of $1.22. Collecting that bid as the premium represents a 2.2% return against the $55 commitment, or a 4.3% annualized rate of return (at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost ). Selling a put does not give an investor access to MRK’s upside potential the way owning shares would, because the put seller only ends up owning shares in the scenario where the contract is exercised. So unless Merck & Co Inc sees its shares fall 12.3% and the contract is exercised (resulting in a cost basis of $53.78 per share before broker commissions, subtracting the $1.22 from $55), the only upside to the put seller is from collecting that premium for the 4.3% annualized rate of return. Interestingly, that annualized 4.3% figure actually exceeds the 3% annualized dividend paid by Merck & Co Inc by 1.3%, based on the current share price of $62.77. And yet, if an investor was to buy the stock at the going market price in order to collect the dividend, there is greater downside because the stock would have to lose 12.34% to reach the $55 strike price. Always important when discussing dividends is the fact that, in general, dividend amounts are not always predictable and tend to follow the ups and downs of profitability at each company. In the case of Merck & Co Inc, looking at the dividend history chart for MRK below can help in judging whether the most recent dividend is likely to continue, and in turn whether it is a reasonable expectation to expect a 3% annualized dividend yield. Turning to the other side of the option chain, we highlight one call contract of particular interest for the October expiration, for shareholders of Merck & Co Inc (Symbol: MRK) looking to boost their income beyond the stock’s 3% annualized dividend yield. Selling the covered call at the $67.50 strike and collecting the premium based on the $1.42 bid, annualizes to an additional 4.4% rate of return against the current stock price (this is what we at Stock Options Channel refer to as the YieldBoost ), for a total of 7.4% annualized rate in the scenario where the stock is not called away. Any upside above $67.50 would be lost if the stock rises there and is called away, but MRK shares would have to climb 7.6% from current levels for that to happen, meaning that in the scenario where the stock is called, the shareholder has earned a 9.8% return from this trading level, in addition to any dividends collected before the stock was called. The chart below shows the trailing twelve month trading history for Merck & Co Inc, highlighting in green where the $55 strike is located relative to that history, and highlighting the $67.50 strike in red: The chart above, and the stock’s historical volatility, can be a helpful guide in combination with fundamental analysis to judge whether selling the October put or call options highlighted in this article deliver a rate of return that represents good reward for the risks. We calculate the trailing twelve month volatility for Merck & Co Inc (considering the last 251 trading day MRK historical stock prices using closing values, as well as today’s price of $62.77) to be 20%. In mid-afternoon trading on Monday, the put volume among S&P 500 components was 617,795 contracts, with call volume at 1.10M, for a put:call ratio of 0.56 so far for the day. Compared to the long-term median put:call ratio of .65, that represents high call volume relative to puts; in other words, buyers are showing a preference for calls in options trading so far today. Find out which 15 call and put options traders are talking about today . Top YieldBoost MRK Calls » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious One Put, One Call Option To Know About for JPMorgan Chase Next PostNext Instruments Market 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast Europe, the Middle East and Africa To 2021 Search Recent Posts Asia-Pacific Carpet and Carpet Tile Market Size, Sales, Share, Growth Analysis, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Stevia Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Di-potassium Phosphate Market Forecast 2022: Global Key Manufactures, Challenges, Demand, Trend and Opportunities Mobile Health and Fitness Sensor Market Analysis, Manufacturing Cost Structure, Growth Opportunities and Restraint to 2022 Glucono Delta-Lactone Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News MilliporeSigma Announces First Stops in National Curiosity Cube™ Tour BILLERICA, Mass., Apr. 05 /CSRwire/ –  MilliporeSigma today announced nine stops for the first half of its national, year-long Curiosity Cube™ tour. Built on the company’s successful Curiosity Labs™ program, the Curiosity Cube™—a 22×10-foot, retrofitted shipping container that has been transformed into a mobile science lab—is sparking scientific curiosity through interactive, hands-on science experiments. The Curiosity Cube™ tour started in San Francisco and has since made stops in San Diego, Sacramento and Seattle. With a goal of reaching 350,000 students this year, the mobile science lab will visit more than two dozen locations across the United States, including Laramie, Wyoming (April 7-13); Austin, Texas (April 17-30); Houston (May 1-14); Kansas City, Missouri (May 15-28) and St. Louis (May 29-June 30). “As our Curiosity Cube™ travels the United States, we look forward to engaging curious minds of all ages to explore careers in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM),” said Renee Connolly, Head of Communications & Corporate Responsibility, MilliporeSigma. “A commitment to STEM education today means more scientific breakthroughs in the future. We are proud to offer this first-ever program.” All Curiosity Cube™ experiments are staffed by MilliporeSigma employees—allowing visitors to ask questions and discuss possibilities of future careers in the industry. To help execute the Curiosity Cube™ experience, MilliporeSigma is collaborating with Betabox—a provider of on-demand, customized mobile lab spaces supplied with advanced equipment and technologies to promote hands-on learning. Equipped with these tools, the Curiosity Cube™ allows visitors to become immersed in specific science topics—from learning about how DNA works to building their own, custom microbe using a 3D printer. To learn more, or to follow the Curiosity Cube™ tour and other MilliporeSigma activities, visit www.thecuriositycube.com and follow #SPARKCuriosity on Twitter and Facebook. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in health care, life science and performance materials. The company has six businesses— Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Allergopharma, Biosimilars, Life Science and Performance Materials—and generated sales of €12.85 billion in 2015. Around 50,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to foster the success of customers and to help meet global challenges. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company—since 1668, the company has stood for innovation, business success and responsible entrepreneurship. Holding an approximately 70 percent interest, the founding family remains the majority owner of the company to this day. The company holds the global rights to the name and the trademark “Merck” internationally except for the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. About the Corporate Responsibility Efforts of the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Through its Corporate Responsibility initiatives, the life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, harnesses the collective expertise, passion and energy of employees to minimize its environmental footprint and positively impact communities around the world. The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is uniquely positioned to solve the toughest problems in life science through its efforts aligned with strengths in research, innovation and collaboration with the global scientific community. This helps differentiate its business and provides a competitive edge for its customers, while accelerating access to health for people everywhere. The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany demonstrates its commitment to Corporate Responsibility through extensive programs in three main areas: Greener Products and Solutions—which includes Design for Sustainability, Green Chemistry, Packaging and Recycling initiatives; Employee and Community Engagement; and Sustainable Operations. Contact: Karen Tiano MilliporeSigma CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Sustain: 2nd Green Finance & Responsible Investments Berlin Forum 2017 Next PostNext Making a Difference: Accenture’s 2016 Corporate Citizenship Report Features Progress on Skills Training, Sustainability and Closing the Gender Gap Search Recent Posts Spike in Demand for Blood Gas and Electrolyte Analyzers Likely as Incidence of Critical Illnesses Increase in Europe and Middle East Global Data Center Construction Market 2017 – AECOM, Arup Group, Fluor Global Cycle Computer Market 2017 – Sigma Sport, Bryton Inc., Bioninc Global Wood Coating Market to Rise Due to the on-Going Construction Boom and Rise in Global Population Global 3D Scanner Market Has Been Valued at US $5.83 Billion by 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Capital Guardian Trust Co. Has $5.431 Million Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Walt Disney Co (DIS) Shares Sold by Capital Guardian Trust Co. ARS Investment Partners LLC Acquires 822 Shares of Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Position Raised by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. AQR Capital Management LLC Acquires 144 Shares of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. (CFFN) AQR Capital Management LLC Invests $642,000 in Carbonite Inc (CARB) Denver Investment Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Valmont Industries, Inc. (VMI) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Umpqua Holdings Corp (UMPQ) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Cummins Inc. (CMI) Earns Hold Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) Stock Rating Upgraded by EuroPacific Canada Chevron Co. (CVX) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Dean Foods Co (DF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF) PT Lowered to $31.00 at Citigroup Inc Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $372,000 Stake in Rent-A-Center Inc (RCII) Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Commerzbank Ag (CBK) CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Fiera Capital Corp Boosts Stake in General Electric Company (GE) Capital Guardian Trust Co. Has $5.431 Million Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital Guardian Trust Co. decreased its position in Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 9.3% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 92,260 shares of the company’s stock after selling 9,480 shares during the period. Capital Guardian Trust Co.’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $5,431,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in MRK. Blume Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 14.0% in the third quarter. Blume Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,710 shares of the company’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the period. Intellectus Partners LLC bought a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $103,000. Roble Belko & Company Inc boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 16.6% in the third quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 2,102 shares of the company’s stock worth $131,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the period. NewSquare Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 3.9% in the third quarter. NewSquare Capital LLC now owns 2,187 shares of the company’s stock worth $137,000 after buying an additional 83 shares during the period. Finally, Mascoma Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $135,000. 74.10% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 62.61 on Monday. Merck & Co., Inc. has a one year low of $53.06 and a one year high of $66.80. The company has a market capitalization of $171.90 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 44.40 and a beta of 0.79. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $64.35 and a 200-day moving average price of $62.49. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.89. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The company earned $10.10 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $10.22 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.93 EPS. Merck & Co.’s revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.81 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 7th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th were paid a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.00%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, March 13th. Merck & Co.’s payout ratio is 92.61%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/capital-guardian-trust-co-has-5-431-million-stake-in-merck-co-inc-mrk.html. A number of equities research analysts recently commented on the company. Cowen and Company reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and set a $68.00 price objective on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. HSBC Holdings plc cut Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “reduce” rating in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Vetr raised Merck & Co. from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $58.15 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 price objective on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Bryan, Garnier & Co assumed coverage on Merck & Co. in a research note on Friday, January 13th. They set a “buy” rating for the company. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Merck & Co. presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $67.74. In other news, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total value of $3,418,398.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Thomas R. Cech sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.42, for a total value of $317,100.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 5,100 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $323,442. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 160,809 shares of company stock valued at $10,261,846 over the last quarter. 0.05% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Merck & Co. Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2017 News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for April 17, 2017 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Dr. Fran E. Kaiser Recognized by Marquis Who's Who for Excellence in Endocrinology & Gerontology     DALLAS, TX, April 17, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Dr. Fran E. Kaiser has been included in Marquis Who's Who. As in all Marquis Who's Who biographical volumes, individuals profiled are selected on the basis of current reference value. Factors such as position, noteworthy accomplishments, visibility, and prominence in a field are all taken into account during the selection process. Dr. Kaiser is an award-winning physician who has been an expert in the areas of endocrinology and geriatric medicine for more than four decades. Driven by keen curiosity and desire to help others, she works with elderly patients facing a variety of physical, mental and functions changes associated with aging, as well as adults experiencing disorders due to hormonal alterations. Dr. Kaiser is known for her extensive research in hormonal changes associated with aging, as well as her studies of therapy related to erectile dysfunction, testosterone, estrogen and frailty, as well as women's health and sexuality with aging. In these areas of research, she has received numerous grants from the National Institutes of Health, Genetch, Syntex Corporation, Hoechst-Roussel, Bureau of Health Professionals, Merck and Upjohn among others while in academic medicine, running the clinical and statistical analysis sections of her division. Dr. Kaiser has also experienced another side of medicine, as an Executive Regional Medical Director and Medical Affairs Director for Health Systems at Merck and Co., Inc., utilizing the key competencies and skills that she amassed over the course of her career. Previously, she had served as the Chief of Endocrinology and Metabolism for the Department of Internal Medicine at St. Paul Ramsey Medical (part of the University of Minnesota), the Chief of Geriatric Medicine at Olive View Medical Center, and Medical Director for a hospital based home care program at the Sepulveda VA Medical Center, both of which were part of the UCLA program in Geriatrics. Dr. Kaiser was also Associate Professor of Medicine at St. Louis University. She was a Clinical Professor at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center and remains an Adjunct Professor of Medicine at St. Louis University. In recognition of professional excellence, Dr. Kaiser was selected for inclusion in Who's Who in America, Who's Who in Medicine and Healthcare, Who's Who in Science and Engineering, Who's Who in the Midwest, Who's Who in the World, and Who's Who of American Women. To prepare for her career, Dr. Kaiser earned a Bachelor of Science degree from City College of New York in 1970 and an MD from New York Medical College in 1974. She completed an internship, residency and Chief Residency in Internal Medicine at Beth Israel Medical Center in 1975 and 1978 respectively. Thereafter, she completed a fellowship in Endocrinology and Metabolism at the University of Minnesota, becoming board certified in Internal Medicine and Geriatrics along the way. Today, to continue remaining current and active in the medical community, she volunteers at the North Texas VA Medical Center in Endocrinology, teaching and training residents and fellows. She is a fellow of the American Geriatrics Society and the Gerontological Society of America, and maintains affiliations with The Endocrine Society, the American Diabetes Association, and the American Association for the Advancement of Science, to name a few. As she looks to the future, Dr. Kaiser intends to continue on the same path, so she may contribute and make a difference in the lives of patients and those who serve them. About Marquis Who's Who : Since 1899, when A. N. Marquis printed the First Edition of Who's Who in America , Marquis Who's Who has chronicled the lives of the most accomplished individuals and innovators from every significant field of endeavor, including politics, business, medicine, law, education, art, religion and entertainment. Today, Who's Who in America remains an essential biographical source for thousands of researchers, journalists, librarians and executive search firms around the world. Marquis now publishes many Who's Who titles, including Who's Who in America , Who's Who in the World , Who's Who in American Law , Who's Who in Medicine and Healthcare , Who's Who in Science and Engineering , and Who's Who in Asia . Marquis publications may be visited at the official Marquis Who's Who website at www.marquiswhoswho.com. # # # Read more Press Releases from Fred Marks: Richard D. Heideman Honored by Marquis Who's Who for Excellence in Law Yoko Williams Recognized by Marquis Who's Who for Excellence in the Intellectual History of Japan and Music Saundra Paschal Recognized by Marquis Who's Who for Excellence in Mathematics Education Marquis Who's Who Honors Helen Corrothers for Service in Criminal Justice Robert D. Wayland-Smith Recognized for Achievements in Banking Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Fred Marks Marquis Who's Who Ventures LLC Berkeley Heights, NJ USA Voice: 844-394-6946 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Follow Us: Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2017 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Aurinia completes licensing deal with Merck Animal Health Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon Apr 17, 2017 | 4:28pm EDT BRIEF-Aurinia completes licensing deal with Merck Animal Health April 17 Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc- * Aurinia completes licensing deal with Merck Animal Health for its nanomicellar formulation of voclosporin for the treatment of canine dry eye syndrome * Aurinia Pharma-signed agreement granting merck animal health worldwide rights to develop, commercialize co's nanomicellar voclosporin ophthalmic solution * Aurinia Pharma-under deal, co will receive upfront payment, is eligible to receive further payments based on certain development and sales milestones * Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc- under deal, aurinia will receive royalties based on global product sales * Aurinia Pharma- under deal merck animal health to be responsible for remaining clinical development, commercialization of vos for use in animal health field * Aurinia pharmaceuticals inc- under deal aurinia retains all human health rights related to vos Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News UPDATE 1-INCJ looking at Toshiba chip unit auction; didn't bid in first round * Did not participate in first round, not doing due diligence (Adds comments from head of the fund) South Africa's Sibanye to raise $1 billion in equity for Stillwater deal JOHANNESBURG, April 18 South African miner Sibanye Gold plans to tap shareholders for about $1 billion to partly fund a takeover of U.S.-based Stillwater Mining Co, it said on Tuesday, a day after the deal secured a U.S. regulatory approval. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Menu ⌄ Abbonati alla rivista Abbonati alla rivista Archivio arretrati Chi siamo Contatti Shop Aboutpharma Shop Jobinpharma Shop LAVORA CON NOI Login Registrati Video Foto HPS – Health Publishing and Services Informazioni e servizi per i professionisti dell'healthcare Aboutpharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in Pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Digital Awards   In&Out - Epatite C - Brexit - Governance - Global Pharmerging Market to Reach US$1.40 Billion by 2024: Increasing Government Expenditure on Healthcare to Boost Growth, Says TMR 17 aprile 2017 Global Pharmerging Market to Reach US$1.40 Billion by 2024: Increasing Government Expenditure on Healthcare to Boost Growth, Says TMR PR Newswire ALBANY, New York, April 17, 2017 According to a new study by Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global Pharmerging Market is highly competitive in nature. Led by Johnson & Johnson, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Novartis AG, and Merck & Co. Inc., the market demonstrates an extremely fragmented structure. The leading players are focusing on product innovation to strengthen their market presence, which, consequently, is increasing research and development activities in the market. Over the coming years, the involvement of these players will increase in mergers and acquisitions directed towards the expansion of their businesses, states the research report. As per TMR’s estimations, the global Pharmerging Market stood at US$552.8 mn in 2015. Researchers expect it to rise at a CAGR of 11.30% during the period from 2016 to 2024 and reach a value of US$1.40 bn by the end of the forecast period. The market has been witnessing a higher demand for pharmaceuticals products and the trend is expected to continue over the next few years, thanks to the growing requirement of branded as well as generic drugs. Hospitals to Emerge as Key Distribution Channel  Hospitals, clinics, retail pharmacies, e-commerce, and drug stores have been considered as the key types of distribution channels in the global market for pharmerging in this research report. The hospitals segment has surfaced as the most attractive distribution channel among these, thanks to the increased emphasis on establishing hospitals as primary care providers and the rising number of state-of-art hospital chains across the world. With the rise in the government investments to improve the accessibility to medicine at affordable price, this segment is likely to retain its position during the forecast period. On the geographical front, the research report has classified the worldwide pharmerging market into Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, North America, and Europe. Asia Pacific dominated this market in 2016 with a share of 53%. Supported by the swift urbanization, infrastructural advancements in the medical and healthcare industry, and the rising investments for medical research, this regional market is likely to remain on the top throughout the forecast period. Driven by technological advancements, the markets for pharmerging in Europe and Latin America are also expected to experience a substantial rise in the near future. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=8200 Constant Research and Development to Drive Market  “The global market for pharmerging is heavily driven by the increasing expenditure by various governments across the world on healthcare,” says an analyst at TMR. The increasing prevalence of various diseases and the rise in healthcare issues have increased the government interventions in terms of providing healthcare services, which are accessible to all at affordable prices, reflecting positively on the growth of this market. The constant research and development in the field of pharmerging is also adding substantially to this market. Currently, the market looks thriving and its future looks bright. However, it may face challenges in the years to come from the weakening of the economy in emerging regions, especially Africa, notes the research study. The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), titled “Pharmerging Market (Product Type – Pharmaceuticals (Branded Prescription Drugs, Generic Drugs (Branded Generics, Unbranded Generics, and OTC Drugs) and Healthcare (Medical Devices, Diagnostic Instruments, and IT and Record Management); Economic Growth Levels – Tier – 1, Tier – 2, and Tier – 3; Indications – Lifestyle Diseases, Cancer and Autoimmune Diseases, and Infectious Diseases; Distribution Channel – Hospitals, Clinics, Retail Pharmacies, E-commerce, and Drug Stores) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024.“ The global Pharmerging Market has been segmented as follows: By Product Type  Pharmaceuticals Branded Prescription Drugs Generic Drugs Branded Generics Unbranded Generics OTC Drugs Healthcare Medical Devices Diagnostic Instruments Others (IT and record management) By Indications  Lifestyle Diseases Cancer and autoimmune diseases Infectious Diseases Others By Distribution Channel  Hospitals Clinics Retail Pharmacies E-commerce Drug Stores By Region  Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Middle East and Africa Browse Related Research Report:  Antiviral Drugs Market (Disease Indication – Hepatitis Virus Infection, HIV Infection, and Respiratory Virus Infection; Product Type – Branded Drugs and Generic Drugs; Distribution Channels – Hospital Pharmacy Store, Retail Pharmacy Store, and Online Pharmacy) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2016 – 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/antiviral-drugs-market.html Photopheresis Products Market (Product Type – Open System and Closed System; End User – Hospitals and Clinics; Application – Cutaneous T-cell Lymphoma, Graft versus Host Disease, Transplant Rejections, and Autoimmune Diseases) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/photopheresis-products-market.html Medical Microbiology Testing Technologies Market (Indication – Respiratory Diseases, Neurological Diseases, and Infectious Diseases; Technology – Cell Culture, Microscopy, and Serology; Application – Diagnostic and Treatment Monitoring; End User – Hospital Labs, Pathology Labs, and Research Institutes) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/microbiology-testing-technologies-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ SHARE: Tweet Ti potrebbe interessare anche... Latin America Home Healthcare Market is Expected to Reach USD 17.55 Billion by 2020: Transparency Market Research Research and Markets – Global $248.7 Billion Protein Drugs Markets and Manufacturing Technologies, 2020: Major Players Include Eli Lilly & Co, Abbvie F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Sanofi, Novo Nordisk, Novartis, Merck & Co. & Amgen Research and Markets – Global $248.7 Billion Protein Drugs Markets and Manufacturing Technologies, 2020: Major Players Include Eli Lilly & Co, Abbvie F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Sanofi, Novo Nordisk, Novartis, Merck & Co. & Amgen Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market to be Worth US$245.8 Billion by 2024: Spike in Cancer Cases Around the World to Ensure Swift Uptake, Predicts TMR Nel mensile di aprile Agrofarmaci, la contraffazione “ruba” all’Europa 3 miliardi all’anno La ricerca sul Snc è ad alto rischio di fallire il bersaglio Troppe radiazioni dai medical device, l’Europa corre ai ripari Il miglior posto di lavoro? C’è il certificato ma non la classifica Come ti cerco la startup: le mosse di open innovation delle aziende pharma e medtech L’Aifa fissa i criteri per definire i farmaci innovativi Horizon 2020, il programma Tecnologie future ed emergenti è una chance per il pharma In Primo Piano Rassegna Stampa Idee e opinioni Equivalenti: percezione, cultura e spesa sanitaria regionale. Considerazioni dopo lo statement Gimbe (Massimo Versace - General Manager Aurobindo Pharma Italia) Il valore del “less is more” nella razionalizzazione dei trattamenti terapeutici (Mario Melazzini e Luca Pani, presidente e dg Aifa) Sedazione palliativa, ecco dove sbaglia il Comitato Nazionale di Bioetica (Mario Riccio - Consulta di Bioetica, Milano) Follow Us Abouthparma Cerca un Farmaco su Pharmawizard Cerca World News Echosens and GE Healthcare are Joining Forces to Offer a New... Thermo Fisher Scientific Establishes Institute of Pathology at... Lysine Market Top Manufacturers Production, Price and Revenue for... Foto Vincitori AboutPharma Digital Awards 2016 Dispositivi Medici e Supply Chain Milano 26 novembre… “Dispositivi Medici 2015 “- Evento Video EDEMA MACULARE DIABETICO – ESASO – 16 MARZO 2017 AboutFuture: Leader’s Talk 2017 3 a 0 contro le infezioni Most Popular Mercato degli omeopatici in calo: Boiron contesta le cifre di Omeoimprese Menarini acquista la distribuzione di Acqua di Sirmione La Fda approva due antivirali contro l’epatite C per i bambini HPS – Health Publishing and Services AboutPharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Contatti Chi siamo Privacy policy Video Foto Rassegna Stampa World news HPS Srl P.IVA 07106000966 Il presente sito utilizza i "cookie" per facilitare la navigazione.Accetta e continua Informativa sulla Privacy
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Pharmerging Market to Reach US$1.40 Billion by 2024: Increasing Government Expenditure on Healthcare to Boost Growth, Says TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research Apr 17, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article ALBANY, New York, April 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new study by Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global Pharmerging Market is highly competitive in nature. Led by Johnson & Johnson, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Novartis AG, and Merck & Co. Inc., the market demonstrates an extremely fragmented structure. The leading players are focusing on product innovation to strengthen their market presence, which, consequently, is increasing research and development activities in the market. Over the coming years, the involvement of these players will increase in mergers and acquisitions directed towards the expansion of their businesses, states the research report. As per TMR's estimations, the global Pharmerging Market stood at US$552.8 mn in 2015. Researchers expect it to rise at a CAGR of 11.30% during the period from 2016 to 2024 and reach a value of US$1.40 bn by the end of the forecast period. The market has been witnessing a higher demand for pharmaceuticals products and the trend is expected to continue over the next few years, thanks to the growing requirement of branded as well as generic drugs. Hospitals to Emerge as Key Distribution Channel  Hospitals, clinics, retail pharmacies, e-commerce, and drug stores have been considered as the key types of distribution channels in the global market for pharmerging in this research report. The hospitals segment has surfaced as the most attractive distribution channel among these, thanks to the increased emphasis on establishing hospitals as primary care providers and the rising number of state-of-art hospital chains across the world. With the rise in the government investments to improve the accessibility to medicine at affordable price, this segment is likely to retain its position during the forecast period. On the geographical front, the research report has classified the worldwide pharmerging market into Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, North America, and Europe. Asia Pacific dominated this market in 2016 with a share of 53%. Supported by the swift urbanization, infrastructural advancements in the medical and healthcare industry, and the rising investments for medical research, this regional market is likely to remain on the top throughout the forecast period. Driven by technological advancements, the markets for pharmerging in Europe and Latin America are also expected to experience a substantial rise in the near future. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=8200 Constant Research and Development to Drive Market  "The global market for pharmerging is heavily driven by the increasing expenditure by various governments across the world on healthcare," says an analyst at TMR. The increasing prevalence of various diseases and the rise in healthcare issues have increased the government interventions in terms of providing healthcare services, which are accessible to all at affordable prices, reflecting positively on the growth of this market. The constant research and development in the field of pharmerging is also adding substantially to this market. Currently, the market looks thriving and its future looks bright. However, it may face challenges in the years to come from the weakening of the economy in emerging regions, especially Africa, notes the research study. The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), titled "Pharmerging Market (Product Type - Pharmaceuticals (Branded Prescription Drugs, Generic Drugs (Branded Generics, Unbranded Generics, and OTC Drugs) and Healthcare (Medical Devices, Diagnostic Instruments, and IT and Record Management); Economic Growth Levels - Tier - 1, Tier - 2, and Tier - 3; Indications - Lifestyle Diseases, Cancer and Autoimmune Diseases, and Infectious Diseases; Distribution Channel - Hospitals, Clinics, Retail Pharmacies, E-commerce, and Drug Stores) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024." The global Pharmerging Market has been segmented as follows: By Product Type  Pharmaceuticals Branded Prescription Drugs Generic Drugs Branded Generics Unbranded Generics OTC Drugs Healthcare Medical Devices Diagnostic Instruments Others (IT and record management) By Indications  Lifestyle Diseases Cancer and autoimmune diseases Infectious Diseases Others By Distribution Channel  Hospitals Clinics Retail Pharmacies E-commerce Drug Stores By Region  Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Middle East and Africa Browse Related Research Report:  Antiviral Drugs Market (Disease Indication - Hepatitis Virus Infection, HIV Infection, and Respiratory Virus Infection; Product Type - Branded Drugs and Generic Drugs; Distribution Channels - Hospital Pharmacy Store, Retail Pharmacy Store, and Online Pharmacy) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/antiviral-drugs-market.html Photopheresis Products Market (Product Type - Open System and Closed System; End User - Hospitals and Clinics; Application - Cutaneous T-cell Lymphoma, Graft versus Host Disease, Transplant Rejections, and Autoimmune Diseases) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/photopheresis-products-market.html Medical Microbiology Testing Technologies Market (Indication - Respiratory Diseases, Neurological Diseases, and Infectious Diseases; Technology - Cell Culture, Microscopy, and Serology; Application - Diagnostic and Treatment Monitoring; End User - Hospital Labs, Pathology Labs, and Research Institutes) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/microbiology-testing-technologies-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ SOURCE Transparency Market Research Apr 17, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: Load Cells Market: Growing Demand for HHD Machines and Infusion Pumps to Reflect Positively on Market's Rise, Says TMR My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 17, 2017, 07:30 ETLoad Cells Market: Growing Demand for HHD Machines and Infusion... Apr 17, 2017, 06:30 ETWorldwide Email Marketing Industry Worth US$22.16 bn by 2024,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Pharmerging Market to Reach US$1.40 Billion by 2024: Increasing Government Expenditure on Healthcare to Boost Growth, Says TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research Apr 17, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Global Pharmerging Market to Reach US$1.40 Billion by 2024: Increasing Government Expenditure on Healthcare to Boost Growth, Says TMR ALBANY, New York, April 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — According to a new study by Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global Pharmerging Market is highly competitive in nature. Led by Johnson & Johnson, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Novartis AG, and Merck & Co. Inc., the market demonstrates an extremely fragmented structure. The leading players are focusing on product innovation to strengthen their market presence, which, consequently, is increasing research and development activities in the market. Over the coming years, the involvement of these players will increase in mergers and acquisitions directed towards the expansion of their businesses, states the research report. As per TMR’s estimations, the global Pharmerging Market stood at US$552.8 mn in 2015. Researchers expect it to rise at a CAGR of 11.30% during the period from 2016 to 2024 and reach a value of US$1.40 bn by the end of the forecast period. The market has been witnessing a higher demand for pharmaceuticals products and the trend is expected to continue over the next few years, thanks to the growing requirement of branded as well as generic drugs. Hospitals to Emerge as Key Distribution Channel  Hospitals, clinics, retail pharmacies, e-commerce, and drug stores have been considered as the key types of distribution channels in the global market for pharmerging in this research report. The hospitals segment has surfaced as the most attractive distribution channel among these, thanks to the increased emphasis on establishing hospitals as primary care providers and the rising number of state-of-art hospital chains across the world. With the rise in the government investments to improve the accessibility to medicine at affordable price, this segment is likely to retain its position during the forecast period. On the geographical front, the research report has classified the worldwide pharmerging market into Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, North America, and Europe. Asia Pacific dominated this market in 2016 with a share of 53%. Supported by the swift urbanization, infrastructural advancements in the medical and healthcare industry, and the rising investments for medical research, this regional market is likely to remain on the top throughout the forecast period. Driven by technological advancements, the markets for pharmerging in Europe and Latin America are also expected to experience a substantial rise in the near future. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=8200 Constant Research and Development to Drive Market  „The global market for pharmerging is heavily driven by the increasing expenditure by various governments across the world on healthcare,” says an analyst at TMR. The increasing prevalence of various diseases and the rise in healthcare issues have increased the government interventions in terms of providing healthcare services, which are accessible to all at affordable prices, reflecting positively on the growth of this market. The constant research and development in the field of pharmerging is also adding substantially to this market. Currently, the market looks thriving and its future looks bright. However, it may face challenges in the years to come from the weakening of the economy in emerging regions, especially Africa, notes the research study. The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), titled „Pharmerging Market (Product Type – Pharmaceuticals (Branded Prescription Drugs, Generic Drugs (Branded Generics, Unbranded Generics, and OTC Drugs) and Healthcare (Medical Devices, Diagnostic Instruments, and IT and Record Management); Economic Growth Levels – Tier – 1, Tier – 2, and Tier – 3; Indications – Lifestyle Diseases, Cancer and Autoimmune Diseases, and Infectious Diseases; Distribution Channel – Hospitals, Clinics, Retail Pharmacies, E-commerce, and Drug Stores) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024.„ The global Pharmerging Market has been segmented as follows: By Product Type  Pharmaceuticals Branded Prescription Drugs Generic Drugs Branded Generics Unbranded Generics OTC Drugs Healthcare Medical Devices Diagnostic Instruments Others (IT and record management) By Indications  Lifestyle Diseases Cancer and autoimmune diseases Infectious Diseases Others By Distribution Channel  Hospitals Clinics Retail Pharmacies E-commerce Drug Stores By Region  Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Middle East and Africa Browse Related Research Report:  Antiviral Drugs Market (Disease Indication – Hepatitis Virus Infection, HIV Infection, and Respiratory Virus Infection; Product Type – Branded Drugs and Generic Drugs; Distribution Channels – Hospital Pharmacy Store, Retail Pharmacy Store, and Online Pharmacy) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2016 – 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/antiviral-drugs-market.html Photopheresis Products Market (Product Type – Open System and Closed System; End User – Hospitals and Clinics; Application – Cutaneous T-cell Lymphoma, Graft versus Host Disease, Transplant Rejections, and Autoimmune Diseases) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/photopheresis-products-market.html Medical Microbiology Testing Technologies Market (Indication – Respiratory Diseases, Neurological Diseases, and Infectious Diseases; Technology – Cell Culture, Microscopy, and Serology; Application – Diagnostic and Treatment Monitoring; End User – Hospital Labs, Pathology Labs, and Research Institutes) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/microbiology-testing-technologies-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ SOURCE Transparency Market Research CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Electronic Design Automation Market 2021- Trends, Top Key Manufacturers (Synopsys, Agnisys, Aldec), Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis Next PostNext Worldwide Doripenem Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts CCA Industries, Inc. Reports Net Income for the first Quarter Ended February 28, 2017 58.com Announces Agreement to Raise US$200 million from Tencent for the Development of Used Goods Trading Platform Zhuan Zhuan Kleangas Energy Technologies, Inc. (KGET: OTC Pink Current) | CaliPharms Enters Acquisition Discussions with United Cannabis Retailers, Inc. Logistics Robots Market 2017 – Fanuc, ABB, Vecna, Pro Mach, Schaffer, Dematic, Hitachi, Bastian, KUKA (Swisslog), Amazon Robotics, CIM Corp Overhead Cranes Market 2017 – ZPMC, Jinrui, Weihua, Henan Mine, Konecranes, Terex, KITO GROUP, ABUS, GH Crane & Components, Gorbel, Eilbeck Cranes Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Global Pharmerging Market to Reach US$1.40 Billion by 2024: Increasing Government Expenditure on Healthcare to Boost Growth, Says TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research 17 Apr, 2017, 13:30 BST Share this article ALBANY, New York, April 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new study by Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global Pharmerging Market is highly competitive in nature. Led by Johnson & Johnson, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Novartis AG, and Merck & Co. Inc., the market demonstrates an extremely fragmented structure. The leading players are focusing on product innovation to strengthen their market presence, which, consequently, is increasing research and development activities in the market. Over the coming years, the involvement of these players will increase in mergers and acquisitions directed towards the expansion of their businesses, states the research report. As per TMR's estimations, the global Pharmerging Market stood at US$552.8 mn in 2015. Researchers expect it to rise at a CAGR of 11.30% during the period from 2016 to 2024 and reach a value of US$1.40 bn by the end of the forecast period. The market has been witnessing a higher demand for pharmaceuticals products and the trend is expected to continue over the next few years, thanks to the growing requirement of branded as well as generic drugs. Hospitals to Emerge as Key Distribution Channel  Hospitals, clinics, retail pharmacies, e-commerce, and drug stores have been considered as the key types of distribution channels in the global market for pharmerging in this research report. The hospitals segment has surfaced as the most attractive distribution channel among these, thanks to the increased emphasis on establishing hospitals as primary care providers and the rising number of state-of-art hospital chains across the world. With the rise in the government investments to improve the accessibility to medicine at affordable price, this segment is likely to retain its position during the forecast period. On the geographical front, the research report has classified the worldwide pharmerging market into Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, North America, and Europe. Asia Pacific dominated this market in 2016 with a share of 53%. Supported by the swift urbanization, infrastructural advancements in the medical and healthcare industry, and the rising investments for medical research, this regional market is likely to remain on the top throughout the forecast period. Driven by technological advancements, the markets for pharmerging in Europe and Latin America are also expected to experience a substantial rise in the near future. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=8200 Constant Research and Development to Drive Market  "The global market for pharmerging is heavily driven by the increasing expenditure by various governments across the world on healthcare," says an analyst at TMR. The increasing prevalence of various diseases and the rise in healthcare issues have increased the government interventions in terms of providing healthcare services, which are accessible to all at affordable prices, reflecting positively on the growth of this market. The constant research and development in the field of pharmerging is also adding substantially to this market. Currently, the market looks thriving and its future looks bright. However, it may face challenges in the years to come from the weakening of the economy in emerging regions, especially Africa, notes the research study. The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), titled "Pharmerging Market (Product Type - Pharmaceuticals (Branded Prescription Drugs, Generic Drugs (Branded Generics, Unbranded Generics, and OTC Drugs) and Healthcare (Medical Devices, Diagnostic Instruments, and IT and Record Management); Economic Growth Levels - Tier - 1, Tier - 2, and Tier - 3; Indications - Lifestyle Diseases, Cancer and Autoimmune Diseases, and Infectious Diseases; Distribution Channel - Hospitals, Clinics, Retail Pharmacies, E-commerce, and Drug Stores) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024." The global Pharmerging Market has been segmented as follows: By Product Type  Pharmaceuticals Branded Prescription Drugs Generic Drugs Branded Generics Unbranded Generics OTC Drugs Healthcare Medical Devices Diagnostic Instruments Others (IT and record management) By Indications  Lifestyle Diseases Cancer and autoimmune diseases Infectious Diseases Others By Distribution Channel  Hospitals Clinics Retail Pharmacies E-commerce Drug Stores By Region  Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Middle East and Africa Browse Related Research Report:  Antiviral Drugs Market (Disease Indication - Hepatitis Virus Infection, HIV Infection, and Respiratory Virus Infection; Product Type - Branded Drugs and Generic Drugs; Distribution Channels - Hospital Pharmacy Store, Retail Pharmacy Store, and Online Pharmacy) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/antiviral-drugs-market.html Photopheresis Products Market (Product Type - Open System and Closed System; End User - Hospitals and Clinics; Application - Cutaneous T-cell Lymphoma, Graft versus Host Disease, Transplant Rejections, and Autoimmune Diseases) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/photopheresis-products-market.html Medical Microbiology Testing Technologies Market (Indication - Respiratory Diseases, Neurological Diseases, and Infectious Diseases; Technology - Cell Culture, Microscopy, and Serology; Application - Diagnostic and Treatment Monitoring; End User - Hospital Labs, Pathology Labs, and Research Institutes) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/microbiology-testing-technologies-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ SOURCE Transparency Market Research 17 Apr, 2017, 12:30 BST Preview: Load Cells Market: Growing Demand for HHD Machines and Infusion Pumps to Reflect Positively on Market's Rise, Says TMR My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 17 Apr, 2017, 12:30 BSTLoad Cells Market: Growing Demand for HHD Machines and Infusion... 17 Apr, 2017, 11:30 BSTWorldwide Email Marketing Industry Worth US$22.16 bn by 2024,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Pharmerging Market to Reach US$1.40 Billion by 2024: Increasing Government Expenditure on Healthcare to Boost Growth, Says TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research 17 Apr, 2017, 13:30 BST Share this article Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Global Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market PUNE, INDIA, April 17, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary This report studies the global Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome market, analyzes and researches the Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Ardelyx Emmaus Life Sciences GLyPharma Therapeutic Merck Naia Pharmaceuticals Nutrinia OxThera Sancilio & Company Shire Zealand Pharma Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1107567-global-drugs-for-short-bowel-syndrome-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome can be split into GLP-2 Growth Hormone Glutamine Others Market segment by Application, Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome can be split into Hospital Pharmacies Retail Pharmacies Online Pharmacies At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1107567-global-drugs-for-short-bowel-syndrome-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 Table of Contents Global Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 1 Industry Overview of Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome 1.1 Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Market Overview 1.1.1 Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Market by Type 1.3.1 GLP-2 1.3.2 Growth Hormone 1.3.3 Glutamine 1.3.4 Others 1.4 Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Hospital Pharmacies 1.4.2 Retail Pharmacies 1.4.3 Online Pharmacies 2 Global Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Ardelyx 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Emmaus Life Sciences 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 GLyPharma Therapeutic 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Merck 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 Naia Pharmaceuticals 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Nutrinia 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 OxThera 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.7.5 Recent Developments 3.8 Sancilio & Company 3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.8.5 Recent Developments 3.9 Shire 3.9.1 Company Profile 3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.9.4 Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.9.5 Recent Developments 3.10 Zealand Pharma 3.10.1 Company Profile 3.10.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.10.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.10.4 Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.10.5 Recent Developments 4 Global Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Market Size by Type and Application (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Market Size by Type (2012-2017) 4.2 Global Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Market Size by Application (2012-2017) 4.3 Potential Application of Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome in Future 4.4 Top Consumer/End Users of Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Buy Now https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1107567 Continued…. Norah Trent WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wearable EEG Monitors Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Electric Vehicle Motor (EVM) Controller 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR Of 42.51% and Forecast To 2022 Search Recent Posts Ultra-Light Aircraft Market Set to Surge Significantly During 2017 – 2025 Automobile Meters Market to Receive Overwhelming Hike in Revenues by 2025 Global Motorcycle Lighting Market 2017 – LEDGlow Lighting, Lazer Star Lights, Lightning Motors Corp. AltaPacific Bancorp Terminates Merger Agreement Solcon Industriesの中電圧DriveStartが世界で成功を収める Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Insulin Biosimilars Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Insulin Biosimilars market is accounted for $xx million in 2015 and is expected to reach $xx million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of xx% from 2015 to 2022. Growing pervasiveness of type 1 diabetes and ongoing approvals by the government authorities are nurturing the market growth. Some drivers such as growing population exposures, technological developments and favorable medical repayment scenario in developed countries are poised to favour the market growth. However, patent protection rights of Insulin and strong vengeance from the key manufacturers are some of the restraints limiting the market. North America led the insulin biosimilars market due to rising demand for insulin in the region. Europe is anticipated to account  for second largest share and Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a fastest rate during the forecast period. APAC players are competing on the basis of price and have pool of patients affected by diabetes, thus fueling the market growth. Some of the key players operating in the market include Eli Lilly & Co., Boehringer Ingelheim, Merck & Co., Pfizer Inc., Biocon, Mylan N.V., Merck & Co., Pfizer Inc., Sanofi S.A., Ypsomed AG, NOVO Nordisk A/S and Wockhardt Limited. For more, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/insulin-biosimilars-market Disease Indications Covered: • Type I Diabetes • Type II Diabetes Biosimilars Types Covered: • Long-Acting Biosimilars • Premixed Biosimilars • Rapid-Acting Biosimilars Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For more, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/insulin-biosimilars-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Market Data Analysis: Global Airline Industry Market Research Report 2017 Next PostNext Epigenetics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Search Recent Posts Hollywood Meets Medicine, Science, Art, Technology, and Policy in LA LA Land Spike in Demand for Blood Gas and Electrolyte Analyzers Likely as Incidence of Critical Illnesses Increase in Europe and Middle East Global Data Center Construction Market 2017 – AECOM, Arup Group, Fluor Global Cycle Computer Market 2017 – Sigma Sport, Bryton Inc., Bioninc Global Wood Coating Market to Rise Due to the on-Going Construction Boom and Rise in Global Population Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Antifungal Drugs Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 “According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Antifungal Drugs Market is accounted for $13.2 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $18.2 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 5.4% during the forecast period”. Factors such as rising government and corporate financial support in the industry, growing awareness of fungal infections and increase in disposable income are fueling the market growth. However, generic competition and huge diffusion of conventional drugs used for the treatment of fungal infections are hampering the market growth. Cost of drugs and their effectiveness in treatment are major challenges in the market. Dermatophytosis segment is anticipated to hold the largest market share during the forecast period due to increasing prevalence of skin infections in children. Candidiasis segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. North America is anticipated to account for the largest market share owing to the huge patient awareness levels and increased R&D spending pertaining to new drug development. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period owing to rising awareness towards personal safety and health care. Some of the key players in Antifungal Drugs market include GlaxoSmithKline, Agilent Technologies, Inc., Kramer Laboratories, Bayer Healthcare, Abbott Laboratories, Novartis, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Merck & Co. Inc.,Pfizer Inc., Enzon Pharmaceuticals, PerkinElmer, Inc., Alternaria, Sigma-Aldrich and Astellas Pharma Inc. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/antifungal-drugs-market Therapeutic Indications Covered: • Candidiasis • Dermatophytosis • Aspergillosis • Other Therapeutic Indications Product Forms Covered: • Liquids or Spray • Shampoo • Gels • Injections • Tablets (Pill) • Cream Drugs Types Covered: • Polyenes • Azoles o Imidazole o Thiazoles o Voricanazole o Triazole • Allylamines • Echinocandins • Other Drugs Types Distribution Channels Covered: • Retail Pharmacies • Specialty Clinics • E-commerce • Hospital Pharmacies Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/antifungal-drugs-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pharmaceuticals Excipients Market Forecast By End-use Industry 2015-2025 Next PostNext Coronary Artery Bypass Grafts Market Growth, Trends and Value Chain 2015-2025 by FMI Search Recent Posts Glucose Syrup Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 2022 Global Home Appliance Control Alarm System Industry Forecasts Report Managed Security Service Providers Leverage Advanced Threat Detection and Remediation Capabilities to Expand Growth Opportunities Gaming market to reach $162.8 Billion by 2024: Ameri Research Inc. Boxing/ Martial Arts Equipments Market: 2017-2022 Strategies and Forecasts Proudly powered by WordPress
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Cleveland police hunt for man in Facebook murder Former Trump aide advises Chinese tycoon on building contracts US warns North Korea not to test Donald Trump’s resolve Erdogan declares victory in Turkey referendum US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Cleveland police hunt for man in Facebook murder Former Trump aide advises Chinese tycoon on building contracts US warns North Korea not to test Donald Trump’s resolve IMF warnings of US protectionism ‘rubbish’, says Ross Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Price war expected to hit Verizon and AT&T profits Formula One’s new owners hit back at Bernie Ecclestone jibe Support builds for watered-down version of Glass-Steagall law Klaus Kleinfeld quits Arconic after battle with Elliott Foxconn seeks Apple’s backing for Toshiba memory business bid Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Will the French election shake the euro and markets? French presidential elections, Unilever results, IMF and World Bank meetings Euro volatility soars to highest levels since Brexit vote Exchange traded funds attract record inflows in first quarter Wall Street opens firmer as haven buying eases Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Donald Trump, Kim Jong Un and the risk of nuclear miscalculation Private equity bets big on software Chinese buyers fuel Brooklyn real estate boom India’s young are fretting about their futures American farm belt anxious about Trump trade threats Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout Business school students find voices in an age of protest How workers can profit by taking control of technology The new back office: inside Goldman Sachs’ Bangalore hub Burger King activates a Google Home controversy Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump Watch it while it lasts: our golden age of television The power brokers behind Brexit: Nick Timothy and Martin Selmayr Unusual homes for young professionals, from yurts to horseboxes Six homes for sale with designer interiors Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Neglected tropical diseases Add to myFT ‘We didn’t know we would go blind’: fighting onchocerciasis in Ghana Volunteers in remote areas are helping to bring the diseases under control, though millions of people remain at risk Read next Special Report Neglected Tropical Diseases Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 Breeding ground: a river near Asubende, a habitat for blackflies, which transmit the onchocerciasis parasite © Cristina Aldehuela Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save April 18, 2017 by: Andrew Jack Francis Queye treks down a dusty path in the baking lunchtime heat between palm nut trees towards a cluster of mud-caked huts. He is carrying a wooden rod with four black lines marked along its length. In a clearing under a tree in the hamlet of Fa-asemkye, he holds it upright to measure the height of a three-year-old boy. He hands him a single pill to swallow with a gulp of water and writes his name, Daniel Bah Joshua, in his notebook. Queye is one of the thousands of volunteers who are mobilised twice a year across Ghana to perform this procedure. It is a simple routine, but in the coming years it could rid the country of onchocerciasis, an insect-transmitted scourge that affects about 37m people worldwide, the vast majority in Africa. Known colloquially as river blindness, the disease is caused by a parasite that spreads via the bite of the blackfly breeding on the banks of fast-flowing rivers. Left untreated, worms grow inside the body, causing itching, lumps and eventually blindness, when they enter the eye. A periodic dose of ivermectin — a drug originally developed to tackle parasites in dogs — can both treat and protect against the disease. With no easy access to weighing scales as he travels about, Queye uses his measuring stick to estimate people’s size and assess how much medication they need, before administering between one and four tablets. A cocoa farmer, he was recruited last year to work on an ambitious national campaign to eliminate the disease (technically, elimination means reducing the number of cases to less than 0.1 per cent of the population) within the next four years. “I do this out of patriotism,” he says. The programme, which is funded by the state and non-governmental organisations, including the UK charity Sightsavers, begins in the factories of Merck, the US pharmaceutical company that developed ivermectin and has been donating it for almost three decades. The medicine is shipped to voluntary drug distributors such as Queye, who seek to reach the millions at risk in remote areas. In the Birim North district of southern Ghana, where Fa-asemkye is located, 62,000 people were given ivermectin last year. Emmanuel Duako (in red) and villagers from Asubende who have gone blind © Cristina Aldehuela Substantial progress has been made since this so-called “mass drug administration” began. But that was in 1998, and the campaign is continuing, with an estimated 5m people still at risk in Ghana. In the past few years, the number of districts reporting river blindness has dropped sharply, giving the programme’s co-ordinators the confidence to shift from a target of bringing the disease under control to planning its elimination. But the final stretch will be difficult. Ivermectin only kills the baby worms, or microfilariae, in the body, so it has to be given each year for up to 15 years — the lifetime of the adult worms that continue to live and reproduce inside the body. This requires the continued distribution of drugs and laborious surveillance of patients. “It’s a big challenge getting access to the community,” says Thomas Azurago, the health director in Birim North’s administrative centre, New Abirem. The district has no ambulance and cars are in very short supply, with just a few motorbikes for health workers to reach remote areas. It is not always easy to find and retain unpaid community drug volunteers, whose goodwill is being stretched as a growing number of competing disease programmes seek them to dispense advice and distribute products, including drugs and anti-malaria mosquito nets. Many younger people have left to escape the infection © Cristina Aldehuela While most people in the villages are happy to take ivermectin, some have been put off by potential side-effects on a scale from itching to, very rarely, a life-threatening skin condition called Stevens-Johnson syndrome. In Azurago’s district, just 2 per cent of people actively refused to take the drug last year, official data show, but about 6 per cent of locals simply did not turn up on the day they were scheduled to receive it, with many busy at work on their farms or away on errands. The success of the programme has, in itself, been a brake on the final push to elimination. Onchocerciasis is no longer widely seen in communities and, as a result, it is not perceived to be a serious threat. Meanwhile, the health system is struggling to cope with other pressures; Azurago says his colleagues are more concerned about malaria, respiratory infections and a rise in cases of hypertension and other lifestyle-related diseases. Francis Queye hands out medication © Cristina Aldehuela Several hours’ drive from Birim North in the fishing settlement of Asubende, which means “by the river” in the local language, half a dozen people in their 60s and 70s sit on benches and talk about how they became blind after years of untreated infection. “We didn’t know the disease was transmitted by flies or that we would go blind,” says Emmanuel Duako, a fisherman, recalling the many members of his parents’ generation who were blind. “We thought it was just linked to old age. We didn’t know the cause. We used to go to the river to fish and to wash,” he says. Many of his friends also lost their sight. We didn’t know the cause — we thought it was just old age Emmanuel Duako Mary Bacheyiri, a retired teacher, is a local community drug distributor who works for a range of different health programmes. She visits schools to talk to pupils about the importance of using bed-nets as a guard against malaria-carrying mosquitoes and boiling water to prevent other infections. She says she was motivated to volunteer after her husband went blind from onchocerciasis: “He was tested and diagnosed with river blindness, but he began to itch after starting the tablets and stopped taking them,” she says. “The others who took the drugs were fine.” The prevalence of river blindness has fallen sharply in Asubende, down from 88 per cent in 1987 to 3 per cent in 2014. But tracking down remaining cases is difficult both for onchocerciasis and another neglected condition in Ghana, lymphatic filariasis, which threatens an estimated 12m people across the country and carries great stigma. Also known as elephantiasis, it is transmitted by mosquitoes and can lead to painful and disabling swelling in the arms, legs and genitals if left untreated. Sores develop that cause further infection, and sometimes amputation is necessary. In most cases, the fluid cannot be drained from the limbs, although men can have surgery to alleviate swelling of the scrotum (hydrocele). Mary Bacheyiri volunteered to provide drugs after her husband went blind © Cristina Aldehuela “People can’t work, can’t walk, have to stay at home and cannot have sex,” says Benjamin Marfo, a surgeon and the deputy programme manager of neglected tropical diseases at Ghana’s health ministry. He estimates that several thousand people are waiting for operations for hydrocele and some amputations. Marfo has just returned from a trip to the country’s far north, and describes the difficulty of identifying lymphatic filariasis there. Even though less intrusive diagnostics are being introduced, the traditional technique requires analysis of blood taken from patients at night — the only time when the worms migrate to the surface of the body and can be identified. That requires healthcare workers to bring people together when they would normally be sleeping and to overcome suspicions of occultism that are linked to the drawing of blood. “People sometimes think you are involved in rituals,” he says. Lymphatic filariasis can be treated with an annual dose of ivermectin combined with albendazole, a drug developed and donated worldwide by GlaxoSmithKline. The medicines cannot cure or reverse the condition but have at least prevented further deterioration for Naomi Cominey, who was diagnosed belatedly after she felt pain, swelling and liquid oozing from her legs. “At first, people told me it was because I had sinned against my husband, and I shouldn’t go to hospital or they would amputate,” she says. Instead, alongside periodically taking the drugs, she still manages to work as a hairdresser. She has learnt to wash her legs carefully and to elevate them at night to ease the swelling. Remote existence: the road from Asubende to the river, where blackflies breed © Cristina Aldehuela Greater co-ordination of the distribution of the two drugs since 2007 has helped bring down the number of people at risk, from 12m in 98 districts in 2001 to 2m in 17 districts today. Public health experts say the increasing use of mosquito nets has also helped stem the spread of elephantiasis. Other man-made interventions in Ghana have had confounding effects. On one hand, building dams in Birim North to allow gold mining to expand has slowed the flow of rivers there, reducing the size of breeding grounds for blackfly. But the larger volume of stagnant water has created an attractive new habitat for mosquitoes and the river snails that carry another neglected tropical disease, schistosomiasis (snail fever). Cross-border migration means similar momentum is needed on public health from neighbouring countries such as Ivory Coast, says Nana-Kwadwo Biritwum, the Ghanian health ministry’s neglected tropical diseases programme manager. There is, however, good reason to hope the hurdles can be overcome. In the past few years, Ghana has rid itself of polio and Guinea worm, and plans to submit a dossier to the World Health Organization this autumn to say it is now also free of trachoma, a bacterial infection that causes blindness. This would help build confidence that it can also eliminate lymphatic filariasis by 2020 and onchocerciasis by 2025. That may be scant comfort to an older generation who will continue to bear the burden of infection. Villages such as Asubende have been largely abandoned by younger generations fleeing the disease, says Duako. “Most people moved elsewhere. Those who are still here have no place to go.” But at least the remaining children, some of whom are running around nearby, face a healthier future than Duako and his generation. Onchocerciasis / Lymphatic filariasis © Serge Seidlitz Tiny blackflies that live by fast-flowing water spread the filarial worms that cause onchocerciasis, known also as river blindness, from person to person. The disease is mostly found in remote villages where inhabitants subsist on farming. Once inside the body, the larvae of the worms migrate to the skin, eyes and other organs, where they grow into adult worms that can live in the body for up to 15 years. The disease causes skin lesions, severe itching and visual impairment, including permanent blindness, and can shorten life expectancy by up to 15 years. More than 99 per cent of infected people live in 31 countries in sub-Saharan Africa.WHO target: Elimination in selected countries in Africa © Serge Seidlitz Lymphatic filariasis, commonly known as elephantiasis, is an infection that is often asymptomatic but, if untreated, can cause severe disability through profound and painful swelling of the arms, legs and genitals. It is transmitted by mosquitoes that carry the larvae of threadlike worms which nest in the human lymphatic system. People of all ages can be infected and symptoms of an infection in childhood can appear much later in life. An estimated 120m people are infected globally, but treatment with a single dose of two combined drugs each year can protect whole communities from the diseaseWHO target: Global elimination by 2020 Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save Latest on Neglected tropical diseases Special Report Neglected Tropical Diseases Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 Poverty, open sewers and parasites: ‘America’s dirty shame’ Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 The road to elimination of neglected tropical diseases Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 More engagement on NTDs needed from drugmakers Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 A guide to neglected tropical diseases Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 Read latest Special Report Neglected Tropical Diseases Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 Latest on Neglected tropical diseases Add to myFT Latest in Health Add to myFT myFT Follow the topics mentioned in this article Health Add to myFT Merck Add to myFT GlaxoSmithKline Add to myFT Ghana Add to myFT Pharmaceuticals Add to myFT Follow the authors of this article Andrew Jack Add to myFT Take a tour of myFT Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Antiviral Drugs Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Antiviral market is accounted for $42.65 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $63.11 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 5.8%. Increased count of people across the globe affecting from influenza, respiratory syncytial virus and epidemic of viral infections had given market a prudential base for the growth. Strong R&D and newer & advance formulations in the antiviral drugs market are expected to drive the market. However, high risk of failure and huge cost of R&D are hampering the market. HIV antivirals segment among applications is expected to dominate the market due to increase in prevalence of HIV infections, and due to growing awareness among people. Moreover, generic drugs segment is expected to witness lucrative growth over the forecast period on account of favorable government regulations. North American market is expected to dominate the global market. However, Asia Pacific is estimated to be the fastest growing region due to growing economies and increased healthcare expenditure in the region. Some of the key players of the Antiviral Drugs market include Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie, Inc., Aurobindo Pharma, Bristol-Myers-Squibb, Cipla, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Gilead Sciences, GlaxoSmithKline plc., Johnson and Johnson, MedImmune/AstraZeneca, Merck & Co., Mylan N.V., Roche Diagnostics, Schering-Plough and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/antiviral-drugs-market Applications Covered: • Hepatitis-B antivirals • Hepatitis-C antivirals • Herpes virus • HIV antivirals • Influenza • Other Applications o Pneumonia o Flu End-Users Covered: • Ambulatory Surgical Centers • Clinics • Hospitals Distribution Channels covered: • Hospital Pharmacy Store • Online Pharmacy • Retail Pharmacy Store Product Types Covered: • Generic Drugs • Branded Drugs Action Mechanisms covered: • Nucleotide polymerase inhibitor • Protease inhibitors • Reverse transcriptase inhibitors • Other Action Mechanisms Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/antiviral-drugs-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Diabetic Food Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Antiviral Drugs Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Diabetic Food Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Announcing new leadership for Achmea Australia Erythropoietin Drug Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Breaking News: Wholesale Lending Fair is Back, June 28, 2017, at Caesar’s in AC, Exhibit Booths Now Available Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Global Biologics Market to Get a Leg Up from Investments in R&D, Integrated Manufacturing Units Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/17/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) announces the addition of a new report titled „Biologics Market Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024″.The increasing prevalence of chronic diseases is the prime mover of the demand for biologics, ensuring that the market growth redoubles over the forecast period. The global biologics market was pegged at US$192.2 bn in 2015. It is slated to exhibit substantial growth, expanding with a stout CAGR of 10.9% between 2015 and 2024. By the end of 2024, the market for biologics is projected to secure US$ 479.7 bn. Some of the major companies operating in the global market for biologics are F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Novartis AG, Eli Lilly and Company, Novartis AG, AbbVie Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Merck & Co., Inc., Amgen Inc, Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc., AstraZeneca, Sanofi, and Pfizer Inc. Request For Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2172 Product Approvals, Profitable Returns to Upswing Expansion With a view to expand their product portfolios, several pharmaceutical companies have been amping up their production capacities. The research and development initiatives of companies are drawing in vast amounts of investments, aiding the process of product development. As several new products are increasingly approved by the regulatory bodies, the drug companies are drawing in more profits through increased margins that range between 20% and 40%. Consequently, the global market for biologics is likely to gain much. On the other hand, the expansion of the market might be interrupted by high initial capital investments. The investment required for R&D activities directed at developing new biologics is quite high when compared with traditional drugs. It might take as long as 9 years and around $1bn to launch a new biologics product. Moreover, by far only bio pharmaceutical companies have been able to invest such large amounts of time and money, thereby restricting the entry of moderate and small sized firms. However, a plethora of opportunities is likely to surface as various pharmaceutical companies set up integrated manufacturing units for boosting the volume of production within shorter periods of time. For instance, in the interest of backing up new therapies within the pipeline and simultaneously extending its manufacturing capacities, AbbVie Inc. started a manufacturing unit in Sligo, Ireland. Also, Amgen Inc. launched its biomanufacturing unit in Singapore. Favorable Reimbursement Policies to Bolster Growth in Latin America Asia Pacific is likely to come to the fore, displaying the qualities of the most attractive market at the moment. The biologics market in Asia Pacific is slated to occupy one third of the total shares of the global biologics market, expanding at a promising CAGR of 15.6% during the forecast period 2015-2024. The phenomenal growth in this region can be attributed to the entrance of multi-national pharmaceutical companies such as Aventis Pasteur, GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), and Merck and Co. in the Chinese biologics market. Regulatory policies across Asia Pacific are enticing numerous foreign investors, aiding the expansion of the market. Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/global-biologics-market Besides Asia Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa present a vast potential. Though in its nascent stage, the market in Latin America is a promising arena in the global biologics market, driven by the growth of Brazil and Mexico. Several companies in Latin America have been regulating reimbursement policies, providing vast coverage for chronic diseases. Therefore, the market for biologics in this region is likely to flourish by degrees. About Market Research Reports Search Engine Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/u/0/109558601025749677847/posts Linked in: https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Twitter: https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Smartphone 3D Camera Market Poised to Expand with Robust Pace by 2016-2024 Next PostNext Global Piezoelectric Ceramics Market 2017 – KYOCERA, CeramTec, PI Ceramic Search Recent Posts Key Trends of Global System-on-Chip (SoC) Market and analysis from 2017-2021 DiSa Digital Safety USA (DBA „DiSa”) is Awarded First Place at the 2017 (R)Tech Asset Protection: Innovation Awards by the Retail Industry Leaders Association („RILA”) Commerce Commission wins appeal in Budget Loans case Secured Signing Simplifies Access for Enterprise Customers GreenMP3, website that allows users convert YouTube content to mp3 in seconds, launches Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Birth Control Implant Market Estimated to Flourish by 2016 – 2026 : Persistence Market Research New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/17/2017 — Birth control implants are devices that are highly effective in preventing pregnancy for a short period. These implants are placed sub-dermally and contain progestin, release of which stops ovulation. It also leads to thickening of the vaginal fluid that avoids fertilization by preventing sperms from reaching the egg. It also causes thinning of uterine lining that makes it difficult for the fertilised egg to attach onto it. Birth control implants are reversible contraceptive birth controls and have very low failure rate and if properly placed are able to avoid pregnancy for three years. The insertion and removal of the Birth control implants are done by healthcare professional after taking into consideration several other implications such as, history of blood clots, pregnancy, diabetes, breast cancer and heart, liver or kidney problems. These Birth control implants are also often associated with certain side effects such as headaches, acne or other pains. The Birth control implants now available are of single rod devices containing progestin, however, the first contraceptive implant that was developed and marketed as Norplant consisted of 6 rods. With further studies and researches, a 2-rod system that contained levonorgestrel with name Jadelle was eventually approved by FDA but was not, however marketed in United States. Later, in 1988, a single-rod implant containing etonogestrel, named Implanon entered the international market of birth control and was widely accepted for its convenience and better results. The 6 rod system was inconvenient and had difficulty with insertion and removal and thus was eventually removed from the US market. The 2-rod implant that was easier and better than 6-rod implants has been registered in 11 countries for birth control. The Birth control implants maker, Merck & Co. is phasing out its product Implanon and replacing it with its own another product Nexplanon. The Birth control implants market is a steadily growing market owing to the rise in awareness among people for birth control measures. The rise in the number of people undergoing treatments and the steady increase in the procedural volume implies that the market will be pushed further up in the forthcoming years. With not much competitors and products in the birth control implants market, the established key players have an added advantage. Technological innovations will keep driving the birth control implant market. However, the regulations related to the approval of the Birth control implants tend to restrain the market. The cost of these birth control implants and their inability for protection against STD’s act as another drawback. Advancements such as Nexplanon, which was launched in 2011 by Merck & Co. at United States. The Worldwide sales of Birth control implants by Merck & Co., that consist of Implanon and Nexplanon rose to $588 million in the year 2015 which indicates a 17% increase compared to 2014. This implies that these birth control products have a higher demand in the United States and the emerging markets. The birth control implant Jadelle, was developed and licensed by The Population Council. Further research and development activities pertaining to birth control implants are being undertaken with partnership with WomanCare Global. In 2016, Bayer announced its birth control implant Jadelle will be available at half the price until 2023, in order to cater to the needs of the poor. Thus, focusing and expanding its customer base to the emerging economies. Other birth control implants, such as Nesterone™ and Capronor™ comprising of different progestins, and biodegradable rods, pellets or microcapsules are under developmental stages. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12052 Geographically, Birth control implants is classified into regions viz. North America, Latin America, Europe, APAJ, Middle East and Africa. North America and Europe will remain key markets for Birth control implants due to rising awareness about the better results, hence a proportional increase in treatment procedures. The emerging regions are also anticipated to attain higher growth in the forecasted period for birth control implants market. The players in Birth control implants market include Merck & Co., Inc., Bayer AG, Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/12052 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cardiopulmonary Autotransfusion Devices Market to Witness Comprehensive Growth by 2016 – 2024 : Persistence Market Research Next PostNext Electronic Cylinder Lock Credentials Market Worth US $351.0 Mn in 2016 Search Recent Posts Steam Mops Market in United States Analysis and Growth Forecast by Regions, Type and Application to 2022 Somalia: UN, global partners commend creation of National Security Council How life changed in one moment for this Marine World Wearable Payment Market CAGR of 59.44% during 2016-2020: Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast to 2020 Greystone Logistics, Inc. Reports Results of Operations for the Periods Ended February 28, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market Size, Share, Trends and Forecasts To 2024 Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market Price, Demand, Growth, Opportunity and Analysis Several market players are collaborating with local and well-established companies and research facilities to strengthen their position. Transparency Market Research has observed that companies will continue to partner in order to reduce the high cost involved in the production of monoclonal antibodies, investments in research and development, and need for trained staff. Some of the leading players operating in the demanding global market are Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Novartis AG, and AbbVie Inc. The extensive research report by Transparency Market Research states that the global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market will be worth US$245.8 bn by 2024 from US$86.7 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 12.6%.   To Get Sample Of the Reports @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=18209 Access to Affordable Healthcare across North America Amplifies Demand for Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Monoclonal antibody therapeutics are used for treating cancer, autoimmune diseases, infection, ophthalmological diseases, and hematological diseases among others. Of these, the autoimmune diseases segment is projected to rise at a phenomenal pace during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of autoimmune diseases that affect the overall population has triggered a significant demand for these therapeutics. All throughout the forecast period of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 13.5%. In terms of geography, the global market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. Regionally, North America is expected to dominate the global market due to growing healthcare facilities across the region. Furthermore, affordable healthcare available to patients has also augmented the demand for monoclonal antibody therapeutics across North America during the forecast period. By the end of 2024, the North America monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to acquire a share of 37.9% in the global market. Approvals and Commercialization of New Products Ups Sales The global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to grow at a remarkable pace due to the high incidence of chronic diseases like cancer. The growing health concerns and the increasing diagnoses of cancer in various stages as boosted the demand for these therapeutics in recent years. The latest research by the World Health Organization predicts that the world will witness a 70% spike in the overall cancer cases, of which 60% of the cases will be attributable to Latin America, Asia, and Africa. The incremental approvals in monoclonal antibody products across Europe and the U.S. have also contributed to soaring revenue of the global market. The report by TMR suggests that about five to six monoclonal antibodies are approved each year in these regions. Out of the 60 monoclonal antibodies approved in Europe in 2015, 48 have hit the market. Thus, the widening product portfolio that comes in a broad price range has also played a key role in encouraging the uptake of monoclonal antibody therapeutics.   High Cost of Production Dissuades Market Growth Though the market is estimated to have a bright potential, it is likely to be shadowed by a few restraints. The increasing production of biosimilars that are also used for treating various chronic conditions and autoimmune diseases are expected to eat into the market share of monoclonal antibody therapeutics market. Furthermore, the patent cliff of several products is also likely to have a negative impact on the overall earnings of the global market. The market is also anticipated to face a tough challenge due to the high cost of monoclonal antibodies as their production is exceptionally time-consuming and demands strict adherence to rules and regulations. This review is based on Transparency Market Research’s report, titled “Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Volume, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2016 – 2024.”   To Get Full Detail of The Reports @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/monoclonal-antibody-therapeutics-market.html The monoclonal antibody therapeutics market has been segmented as follows:   Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Application ·         Cancer ·         Autoimmune diseases ·         Infection ·         Hematological diseases ·         Ophthalmological diseases ·         Others   Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Source ·         Human ·         Humanized ·         Chimeric ·         Others   Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by End Users ·         Hospitals ·         Private Clinics ·         Research Institute   Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Geography ·         North America o    U.S. o    Canada ·         Latin America o    Brazil o    Mexico o    Rest of Latin America ·         Europe o    U.K. o    Germany o    Spain o    Italy o    France o    Rest of Europe ·         Asia Pacific o    India o    Japan o    China o    Australia o    New Zealand o    Rest of Asia Pacific ·         Middle East and Africa o    South Africa o    Saudi Arabia o    A.E. o    Rest of MEA   About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement.   US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sulfone Polymers Market Size, Share, Trends and Forecasts To 2024 Next PostNext US PTC Thermistor Market by Product Types, Application and Growth Forecasts to 2021 Search Recent Posts Subscription & Billing Management Market – Pin Point Analysis for Changing Competitive Dynamics $1,107.0 Mn Expected for Global Pyrogen Testing Market at 12.2% CAGR by 2022 Gasifier Market Size, Worldwide Strategy and Forecasts 2025 Global Medium Molecular Weight Polyisobutylene Market Sales Is Growing at 3.7% CAGR Till 2022 Portable Generator Market in GCC – Global Market to Grow at a CAGR of 8.6% over 2015-2019 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News EMEA Oral Vaccines Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast 2017 PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, April 17, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Oral Vaccines Market Report 2017 SUMMARY In this report, the EMEA Oral Vaccines market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report split EMEA into Europe, the Middle East and Africa, With sales (K Pcs), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Oral Vaccines for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) Europe: Germany, France, UK, Russia, Italy and Benelux; Middle East: Saudi Arabia, Israel, UAE and Iran; Africa: South Africa, Nigeria, Egypt and Algeria. GET SAMPLE REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1192508-emea-europe-middle-east-and-africa-oral-vaccines-market-report-2017 EMEA Oral Vaccines market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Oral Vaccines sales volume (K Pcs), price (USD/Pcs), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including GlaxoSmithKline Plc. PaxVax Corporation Merial, Inc. Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp VALNEVA Canada Inc. QUíMICA SUIZA S.A Immunitor, Inc Aventis (Sanofi S.A.) Serum Institute of India Pvt. Ltd Swiss Serum and Vaccine Institute Berne Bull Bio – NCIPD Ltd. Vaxart, Inc. Shantha Biotechnics Crucell (Janssen Global Services, LLC) On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Pcs), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Pcs), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Live Attenuated Vaccines Killed/Inactivated Vaccines Recombinant Vaccines Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume (K Pcs), market share and growth rate of Oral Vaccines for each application, including Polio Rabies Rotavirus Cholera HIV Respiratory Infections Influenza Tuberculosis Others ACCESS REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1192508-emea-europe-middle-east-and-africa-oral-vaccines-market-report-2017 EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Oral Vaccines Market Report 2017 1 Oral Vaccines Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Oral Vaccines 1.2 Classification of Oral Vaccines 1.2.1 EMEA Oral Vaccines Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 EMEA Oral Vaccines Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Live Attenuated Vaccines 1.2.4 Killed/Inactivated Vaccines 1.2.5 Recombinant Vaccines 1.2.6 Others 1.3 EMEA Oral Vaccines Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 EMEA Oral Vaccines Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022 1.3.2 Polio 1.3.3 Rabies 1.3.4 Rotavirus 1.3.5 Cholera 1.3.6 HIV 1.3.7 Respiratory Infections 1.3.8 Influenza 1.3.9 Tuberculosis 1.3.10 Others 1.4 EMEA Oral Vaccines Market by Region 1.4.1 EMEA Oral Vaccines Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Middle East Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Africa Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 EMEA Market Size (Value and Volume) of Oral Vaccines (2012-2022) 1.5.1 EMEA Oral Vaccines Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 EMEA Oral Vaccines Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 2 EMEA Oral Vaccines Competition by Manufacturers/Players/Suppliers, Region, Type and Application 2.1 EMEA Oral Vaccines Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers 2.1.1 EMEA Oral Vaccines Sales Volume and Market Share of Major Players (2012-2017) 2.1.2 EMEA Oral Vaccines Revenue and Share by Players (2012-2017) 2.1.3 EMEA Oral Vaccines Sale Price by Players (2012-2017) 2.2 EMEA Oral Vaccines (Volume and Value) by Type/Product Category 2.2.1 EMEA Oral Vaccines Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 EMEA Oral Vaccines Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.3 EMEA Oral Vaccines Sale Price by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 EMEA Oral Vaccines (Volume) by Application 2.4 EMEA Oral Vaccines (Volume and Value) by Region 2.4.1 EMEA Oral Vaccines Sales and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.4.2 EMEA Oral Vaccines Revenue and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.4.3 EMEA Oral Vaccines Sales Price by Region (2012-2017) 3 Europe Oral Vaccines (Volume, Value and Sales Price), by Players, Countries, Type and Application 3.1 Europe Oral Vaccines Sales and Value (2012-2017) 3.1.1 Europe Oral Vaccines Sales Volume and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.2 Europe Oral Vaccines Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.2 Europe Oral Vaccines Sales and Market Share by Type …CONTINUED FOR ANY QUERY, CONTACT US @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1192508-emea-europe-middle-east-and-africa-oral-vaccines-market-report-2017 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Spectral Dry Plate Market forecasts (2017-2022) with industry chain structure, competitive landscape, new projects and investment analysis. Next PostNext Global Intelligent Agriculture Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Biosensors Market Analysis and Forecast 2024 By Application, technology and End Use In-Vitro Fertilization (IVF) Market Analysis and Forecast 2022 By Procedures and Instruments Aviation Test Equipment Market Size, Share, Report and Forecast to 2022 Legal Process Outsourcing Market Analysis and Forecast 2024 By Location and Service Crystalline Fructose Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Global High-Speed Backplane Connectors Market 2017- GlaxoSmithKline, Merck, Sanofi Pasteur Pune, Mahrashtra — (SBWIRE) — 04/17/2017 — The Hepatitis B Vaccines Market 2017 Research Report investigates a thorough and complete study on Hepatitis B Vaccines industry volume, market Share, market Trends, Hepatitis B Vaccines Growth aspects, wide range of applications, Utilization ratio, Supply and demand analysis, manufacturing capacity, Price during Forecast period from 2017 to 2022 The research report labeled Global Hepatitis B Vaccines Market 2017 presents the penetrating study of Hepatitis B Vaccines market globally, concentrating on complete analysis of the present and past historical details of Hepatitis B Vaccines market. The competitive landscape view of the Hepatitis B Vaccines industry is also covered in this research document. Request Report Sample Here: https://market.biz/report/global-hepatitis-b-vaccines-market-2017/80334/#inquiry Competitive Study of Global Hepatitis B Vaccines Market 2017 Based on Key Vendors: GlaxoSmithKline Merck Sanofi Pasteur Dynavax Technologies Janssen Pharmaceuticals LG Life Sciences Kaketsuken Shenzhen Kangtai Biological Products The report organizes the Hepatitis B Vaccines market across the globe into distinct portion based on industry standards. It also distinguishes the market based on geographical regions. The report mainly throws light on dominant players in the regions of (United States, EU, China, and Japan). Other regions can be added accordingly. Discrete aspects of the Hepatitis B Vaccines industry like value chain analysis, Hepatitis B Vaccines industry rules and policies, the factors driving the growth of the market and the constraints hampering the growth are explained. In next section, the Hepatitis B Vaccines report mentions the products that are currently available in the market along with their cost structures, manufacturing volume, requirement and supply analysis, import/export scenario and their overall contribution to the Hepatitis B Vaccines market revenue globally. Buy Complete Report Here (To Get Instant access): https://market.biz/report/global-hepatitis-b-vaccines-market-2017/80334/ Further, the report analyzes the feasibility of investment, investment return analysis and shows a complete picture of market development scope and business strategies followed by leading Hepatitis B Vaccines industry players along with their company profile, market share and contact information. Lastly, the report enlists the vital conclusions that will assist all individuals who have a keen interest in Hepatitis B Vaccines Market. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Latest Trends by Leading Regions, and Manufacturers from 2017 to 2022 Next PostNext Dry Bulk Shipping Global Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Analysis of Top Key Player and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts North America Zirconia Ceramic Ball Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 Lubricants Market To Reach $180.4 Billion By 2024: Ameri Research Inc. Medical Imaging market to reach $43.3 Billion by 2024: Ameri Research Inc. Launching of a new chapter of Holistic Chamber of Commerce Optogenetics Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Global Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market PUNE, INDIA, April 17, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary This report studies the global Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment market, analyzes and researches the Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Abbott RLC LABS Allergan Merck Sharp& Dohme Pfizer Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1107572-global-thyroid-gland-disorder-treatment-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment can be split into Hypothyroidism Hyperthyroidism Market segment by Application, Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment can be split into Hospital Clinic Other At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1107572-global-thyroid-gland-disorder-treatment-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 Table of Contents Global Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 1 Industry Overview of Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment 1.1 Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Market Overview 1.1.1 Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Market by Type 1.3.1 Hypothyroidism 1.3.2 Hyperthyroidism 1.4 Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Hospital 1.4.2 Clinic 1.4.3 Other 2 Global Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Abbott 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 RLC LABS 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 Allergan 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Merck Sharp& Dohme 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 Pfizer 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 4 Global Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Market Size by Type and Application (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Market Size by Type (2012-2017) 4.2 Global Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Market Size by Application (2012-2017) 4.3 Potential Application of Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment in Future 4.4 Top Consumer/End Users of Thyroid Gland Disorder Treatment Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1107572 Continued…. Norah Trent WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Industrial Lead-Acid Battery 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR Of 5.39% and Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Mentor Capital Pays $300,000 Early to Long-Time Shareholders Search Recent Posts Bangladesh and World Bank Partner together to Strengthen E-governance and Improve Dhaka’s Air Quality Global Gas Spring Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Network Camera Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2017 – 2025 Network Camera Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2017 – 2025 Carotenoids Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Latex Allergy Market Boosted Sales of Latex Based Products by 30% Post 2016 Pune, Maharashtra — (SBWIRE) — 04/17/2017 — Market Highlights The Latex Allergy Market has been a growing market and it has been expected that the market will touch high growth figures. Prevalence of extreme reactions like Asthma, Rhinitis and Anaphylaxis caused by latex allergy, growth of latex industry, more population exposed to latex frequently are the factors driving the growth of the growth of the biopsy market globally Latex Allergy Market: On the basis of diagnosis type the market is segmented as skin test and allergy test. On the basis of reaction type the market is segmented as Systemic Reaction, Allergic contact dermatitis, Irritant Contact dermatitis, Asthma, Anaphylaxis, and Rhinitis. On the basis of type of treatment, the market is segmented into Epinephrine injection, Allergy medications: Inhaler/albuterol, antihistamine, asthma medication, Corticosteroids etc. Key Players for Latex Allergy Market: -3M -Alcon Inc. -Allerayde UK Ltd -Allergy Hero -Array -BioPharma Inc -AstraZeneca -Aterica -Boehringer-Ingelheim -Dey Labs -GlaxoSmithKline -Johnson & Johnson, -Merck -Nektar Therapeutics -Novartis AG -Rocky Mountain Diagnostics -Sanofi Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1693 Market Segmentation By Exposure Type -Latex Gloves -Food Containing Latex Substances -Others By Diagnosis Type -Skin Test -Allergy Test By Reaction Type -Systemic Reaction -Allergic contact dermatitis -others By Treatment Type -Epinephrine injection -Allergy medication By Region -North America -Europe -Asia Pacific -Latin America, Middle East & Africa Intended Audience -Research and Development (R&D) Companies -Government Research Laboratories -Independent Research Laboratories -Government and Independent Regulatory Authorities -Market Research and Consulting Service Providers -Medical Research Laboratories -Academic Medical Institutes and Universities Browse Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/latex-allergy-market Brief ToC 1. Report Prologue 2. Introduction 2.1 Definition 2.2 Scope of the Study 2.2.1 Research Objective 2.2.2 Assumptions 2.2.3 Limitations 2.3 Market Structure 2.4. Market Segmentation 3. Research Methodology 3.1 Research Process 3.2 Primary Research 3.3 Secondary Research 3.4 Market Size Estimation 3.5 Forecast Model 4. Market Dynamics 4.1 Drivers 4.2 Restraints 4.3 Opportunities 4.4 Mega Trends 4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators 5. Market Factor Analysis 5.1 Value Chain Analysis 5.2 Porters Five Forces 5.3 demand & supply: gap analysis 5.4 Pricing Analysis 5.5 Investment Opportunity Analysis 5.6 Merger and Acquisition Landscape 5.7 Upcoming trends in market 5.7.1 Market trends 5.7.2 Technological trends 5.7.3 Insurance & Regulations 5.7.4 Others 6. Global Latex Allergy Market, by exposure type 6.1 Latex gloves 6.2 Foods containing latex substances 6.3 Others 7. Global Latex Allergy Market, by diagnosis type 7.1 Skin test 7.2 Blood test Continue………. Related Report Global Autism disorder and Treatment Information, by types (Autistic Disorder, Asperger Syndrome, Pervasive Developmental) by therapy treatment (neurofeedback, auditory integration training, chelation therapy, hyperbaric oxygen therapy, facilitated communication) by drug type (SSRIs, Anti-convulsants, Stimulants – Ritalin, Anti-psychotic, Risperidone) – Forecast to 2022 https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/latex-allergy-market About Market Research Future At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Transformerless UPS Market (2017-2022) – Grow Pricing, Features, Reviews & Comparison of Alternatives Next PostNext Global Service Robotics Market (2017-2022) – Grow Pricing, Features, Reviews & Comparison of Alternatives Search Recent Posts INVESTOR ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces the Filing of a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. American Hotel Income Properties REIT LP Announces April 2017 U.S. Dollar Cash Distribution and Schedules First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call Kleangas Energy Technologies, Inc. (KGET: OTC Pink Current) | CaliPharms Enters Acquisition Discussions with California Cannabis Retailers, Inc. American Hotel Income Properties REIT LP (AHOTF: OTCQX International) | American Hotel Income Properties REIT LP Announces April 2017 U.S. Dollar Cash Distribution and Schedules First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call Alkane Resources Ltd. (ANLKY: OTCQX International) | Quarterly activities report – 31 March 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Pneumonia Diagnostic Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the global Pneumonia Diagnostic market is accounted for $xx million in 2016 and is expected to reach $xx million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of xx% from 2016 to 2022. Factors such as developing innovative technologies and products, increasing patient awareness and improving productivity of diagnosing pneumonia are boosting the market growth. Advent of new drugs and advance treatment facilitates are going to provide new market opportunities to emerge. However, there is no particular treatment available to detect the pneumonia as its symptoms coincide with diseases like bronchitis, common cold and asthma which are restraining the market growth. Chest X-ray and CT scan are generally recommended for the diagnosis of pneumonia diagnostics. North America is the largest market due to increasing resistance to multi drugs by microorganisms and increasing geriatric population. Asia Pacific is anticipated to be the fastest growing market owing to prevalence of disease in several countries including India, Japan and Bangladesh. Additionally, high awareness and disposable income are potential growth factors. Some of the key players in global Pneumonia Diagnostic market are Abbott, Affymetrix, Beckman Coulter Inc, Becton Dickinson, BioMerieux, Bio-Rad, Cepheid, Diamedix, Elitech Group, Qiagen, Siemens, Thermo Fisher Scientific, GlaxoSmithCline and Merck & Co. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pneumonia-diagnostic-market Treatments Covered: • Vaccines o PCV13 o PPV23 • Antibiotics o Amoxicillin o Cephalosporin o Penicillin o Tetracycline o Vancomycin o Fluoroquinolones Tests Covered: • Blood Test • Bronchoscopy • Chest X ray • Chest Computed Tomography (CT) Scan • Pulse Oximetry • Pleural Fluid Culture • Sputum Test End Users Covered: • Clinics • Diagnostic Centres • Hospitals • Commercial/Private Labs • Other End Users Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pneumonia-diagnostic-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mexus Gold US (MXSG: OTCQB) | Mexus producing gold at its Santa Elena mine Next PostNext Automotive Transmission Market Share, Trends, Industry Analysis and Forecast, 2017 – 2024 Search Recent Posts Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Europe, the Middle East and Africa Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10570753 Next part of the Europe, the Middle East and Africa Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, Europe, the Middle East and Africa production and revenue are studied. Top key players of Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market: • Abbott Laboratories • Abaxis • Alere • Bayer • Danaher Corporation • Becton Dickinson • Johnson & Johnson Further in the report, Europe, the Middle East and Africa Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market Industry consumption for major regions is given. Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market by Application: • Home • Hospitals • Ambulatory Care The Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions development status. Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market by Product Type: • Glucose Monitoring Kits • Infectious Diseases Testing Kits • Cardiometabolic Monitoring Kits • Coagulation Monitoring Kits • Hematology Testing Kits • Urinalysis Testing Kits • Cholesterol Test Strips • Drugs-Of-Abuse Testing Kits • Tumor/Cancer Markers • Other Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10570753 Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market by Region: • Europe: Germany, France, UK, Russia, Italy and Benelux; • Middle East: Saudi Arabia, Israel, UAE and Iran; • Africa: South Africa, Nigeria, Egypt and Algeria. To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Major Topics Covered in Europe, the Middle East and Africa Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market Research Report Are as Follows: Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders • Marketing Channel • Direct Marketing • Indirect Marketing • Market Positioning • Pricing Strategy • Brand Strategy • Target Client • Distributors/Traders List For Any Query on Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market report, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10570753 Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market Effect Factors Analysis • Technology Progress/Risk • Substitutes Threat • Technology Progress in Related Industry • Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change • Europe, the Middle East and Africa Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market Forecast 2017-2021 • Europe, the Middle East and Africa Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021 • Europe, the Middle East and Africa Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021 • Europe, the Middle East and Africa Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021 • Europe, the Middle East and Africa Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021 • Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market Price Forecast 2017-2021 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market industry before evaluating its feasibility. Blood Donor Chair Market Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts Europe, the Middle East and Africa by 2021 Fish Tale Ales Releases New Organic Products in Cans Medical Ceramics Market Growth Opportunities, Sales, Revenue, Consumptions, Industry Analysis and Forecasts 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Orphan Drug Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Orphan Drug market is estimated at $145.89 million in 2016 and is expected to reach $265.63 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 10.5% from 2016 to 2022. Rising focus of big pharmaceutical companies on orphan drug improvement, increasing occurrence of rare diseases, government incentives for orphan medicine are some factors favouring the market growth. However, some factors such as high initial investment that leads to higher per patient treatment cost, reimbursement uncertainties and high cost of drug development are hindering the market. North America registered significant growth for the market during the forecast period due to rising healthcare spending, constructive government initiatives, growing occurrence of chronic diseases and small timeline required for orphan drug development. Some of the key players in the market include Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie Inc., Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Amgen, Inc., Bayer Healthcare, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bristol Myers Squibb, Celgene Corporation, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Genentech, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis, Pfizer Inc., Roche Holding AG, Sanofi Aventis and Vertex Pharmaceuticals. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/orphan-drug-market Drug Types Covered: • Biological orphan drugs • Non-biological orphan drugs Applications Covered: • Blood-related disorders • Nephrology • Neurology • Oncology • Infectious diseases • Cystic fibrosis • Other Applications Technologies Covered: • DNA recombination • Hybridoma and gene mapping • Transgenic • Other Technologies Pharmacological classes Covered: • Enzyme replacement • Gene and chromosome expression • Protein replacement Indications Covered: • Acute Myeloid Leukemia • Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy • Glioma • Graft vs Host Disease • Multiple Myeloma • Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma • Ovarian Cancer • Pancreatic Cancer • Renal Cell Carcinoma • Other Indications Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/orphan-drug-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automotive Die Casting Lubricants Market Report – Shell, Exxon Mobil, Sinopec, Total, Quacker Next PostNext Global Dried Flowers Market Report: 2017 Edition: Market Segments, Size, Trend and Market projections for upcoming years Search Recent Posts Spike in Demand for Blood Gas and Electrolyte Analyzers Likely as Incidence of Critical Illnesses Increase in Europe and Middle East Global Data Center Construction Market 2017 – AECOM, Arup Group, Fluor Global Cycle Computer Market 2017 – Sigma Sport, Bryton Inc., Bioninc Global Wood Coating Market to Rise Due to the on-Going Construction Boom and Rise in Global Population Global 3D Scanner Market Has Been Valued at US $5.83 Billion by 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Epigenetics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Epigenetics market is accounted for $500 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $1,286 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.4% from 2015 to 2022. Growing prevalence of cancer and other chronic diseases are helping the market to compete across the globe. Some of the major factors that are influencing the market include growing technological advancements, improving collaborations between pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies and academic research institutes and increasing geriatric population base. However, huge equipment cost and shortage of skilled professional are hampering the market. By oncology application, solid tumors accounted for the largest market share during the forecast period. Moreover, cardiovascular diseases segment is observed as the fastest growing market attributed to emergence of technologies such as microRNA modifications. North America commanded the largest market share owing to growing R&D activities in pharmaceuticals firms. Some of the key players in this market include Zymo Research Corporation, Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, New England Biolabs, Illumina, Inc., Active Motif, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc, Qiagen N.V., Merck & Co., Inc., Diagenode, Inc. and Abcam PLC. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/epigenetics-market Products Covered: • Reagents • Instruments and Consumables • Enzymes • KITS Technologies Covered: • DNA Methylation • Histone Methylation • Histone Acetylation • Long Non-Coding RNA • MicroRNA Modification • Chromatin Structures Applications Covered: • Non-oncology Disorders • Oncology Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/epigenetics-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Insulin Biosimilars Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Next PostNext Critical Care Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Search Recent Posts Bangladesh and World Bank Partner together to Strengthen E-governance and Improve Dhaka’s Air Quality Global Gas Spring Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Network Camera Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2017 – 2025 Network Camera Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2017 – 2025 Carotenoids Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Cleveland police hunt for man in Facebook murder Former Trump aide advises Chinese tycoon on building contracts US warns North Korea not to test Donald Trump’s resolve Erdogan declares victory in Turkey referendum US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Cleveland police hunt for man in Facebook murder Former Trump aide advises Chinese tycoon on building contracts US warns North Korea not to test Donald Trump’s resolve IMF warnings of US protectionism ‘rubbish’, says Ross Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Price war expected to hit Verizon and AT&T profits Formula One’s new owners hit back at Bernie Ecclestone jibe Support builds for watered-down version of Glass-Steagall law Klaus Kleinfeld quits Arconic after battle with Elliott Foxconn seeks Apple’s backing for Toshiba memory business bid Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Will the French election shake the euro and markets? French presidential elections, Unilever results, IMF and World Bank meetings Euro volatility soars to highest levels since Brexit vote Exchange traded funds attract record inflows in first quarter Wall Street opens firmer as haven buying eases Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Donald Trump, Kim Jong Un and the risk of nuclear miscalculation Private equity bets big on software Chinese buyers fuel Brooklyn real estate boom India’s young are fretting about their futures American farm belt anxious about Trump trade threats Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout Business school students find voices in an age of protest How workers can profit by taking control of technology The new back office: inside Goldman Sachs’ Bangalore hub Burger King activates a Google Home controversy Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump Watch it while it lasts: our golden age of television The power brokers behind Brexit: Nick Timothy and Martin Selmayr Unusual homes for young professionals, from yurts to horseboxes Six homes for sale with designer interiors Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Neglected tropical diseases Add to myFT The long road to elimination of neglected tropical diseases Despite some progress, the fight is a long way from the finish Read next Special Report Neglected Tropical Diseases Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 A nine-year-old girl in Urumqi, northwest China, recovers from liver surgery for echinococcosis © Gilles Sabrié Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save April 18, 2017 by: Andrew Jack When Ernesto Ruiz-Tiben began his work to eradicate guinea worm disease more than 30 years ago, he felt “it was going to be like dragging a dead elephant through a swamp by its tail.” Guinea worm (dracunculiasis) is one of the most unpleasant of the world’s neglected tropical diseases (NTDs). The waterborne parasite grows up to a metre in length inside the human body before emerging again slowly and painfully, usually through the feet, debilitating its victim. But in 1981, health workers exhilarated by the recent eradication of smallpox — the first time in history that a human disease had been eliminated — made guinea worm their next target. Back then, an estimated 3.5m Asians and Africans were infected every year by this “disease of the poor”, which, like other NTDs, hits the world’s most deprived communities hardest. Of the many poverty-related tropical illnesses that exist, the World Health Organisation has selected 18 as good targets to control, eliminate and in some cases, eradicate. These ancient diseases are notorious for their disabling and deforming symptoms — and some, whether leprosy or elephantiasis, seem to belong to bygone eras. Effective treatments exist for many, which explains why they have all but vanished in richer countries, where better funded health care systems and improved sanitation have slowed the spread. Meanwhile, the focus and funding has turned to fighting the so-called “big three” killers: malaria, HIV/Aids and tuberculosis. The low profile of NTDs has been compounded by a lack of reliable data on when and where they occur — not to mention archaic or unpronounceable names that make them hard to popularise. This magazine, written by FT correspondents and freelance journalists around the world, shows that the battle against NTDs is far from hopeless. The campaign to eradicate guinea worm offers important pointers to success. High-level political commitment is the first prerequisite, says David Agyemang, programme manager in Ghana for the UK-based charity Sightsavers. Through his non-governmental organisation, former US President Jimmy Carter championed the cause with business and heads of state. He also kept up pressure and accountability by visiting affected countries, even brokering a ceasefire in Sudan in the 1990s to allow health workers access to those at risk. Residents of Asubende in Ghana who have lost their sight because of onchocerciasis © Cristina Aldehuela The Carter Center’s work against guinea worm, headed by Ruiz-Tiben, has made good progress. A combination of health education, larvicides, water filters and dogged determination helped cut instances of the disease to just 25 cases in four countries in 2016. “I cannot give a date when it will end, but we are doing everything we can to make it happen,” Ruiz-Tiben says. Another element of the campaign’s success, says Agyemang, who was previously in charge of the Ghanaian ministry’s war on guinea worm, was that local communities were “in charge”. Villagers, for example, deployed guards next to water where the infection was transmitted, and people were fined for wading in. He has seen less evidence of both community involvement and political commitment with campaigns for the other NTDs, however. A patient being treated for leprosy in hospital in West Bengal, India © Poulomi Basu In 2012, in the London Declaration on Neglected Tropical Diseases, governments, donors and 13 pharmaceutical companies pledged to push for the control or elimination (meaning that they only infect tiny numbers of people each year) of a further nine NTDs. Much of the progress has been the result of so-called mass drug administration programmes, in which the entire population of an area is treated without first being tested for infection. Drug distribution has helped eliminate onchocerciasis (river blindness) from several countries in the Americas. Drug companies’ support and government funding, combined with improved hygiene, is helping maintain a similar momentum against the bacterial disease trachoma, another source of unnecessary blindness. Insecticide spraying and the widespread distribution of mosquito nets as part of malaria programmes has had the side effect of helping prevent mosquito-transmitted lymphatic filariasis (also known as elephantiasis). The World Health Organisation’s target of global elimination of that disease is advancing well, though the 2020 deadline might still prove too ambitious. On other NTDs, progress has been slower and elimination remains a more distant prospect. Not all diseases are as amenable to elimination with the toolbox of drugs, diagnostics and insecticides that is currently available. New combinations of drugs and innovative, faster-acting medicines with fewer side-effects are needed. A patient being treated for leprosy in hospital in West Bengal, India © Poulomi Basu Paradoxically, in many cases, progress can present its own obstacles. “Once you move towards elimination, communities forget the burden,” says Simon Best, Sightsavers’ director of NTDs. “We have to remind the community to remain alert and report cases. That is something I have nightmares about: that the diseases could come back.” Prof David Molyneux, NTDs lead at the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine, says more co-operation between health officials and their counterparts in education, sanitation and water is needed to address the underlying causes of infection and transmission. Poor access in conflict zones, such as South Sudan or Syria, allows infection rates to rise and then spread as refugees flee. The high-profile epidemics of Ebola and Zika have introduced competing pressures on weak health systems, too, he says. “It’s great there is international attention,” says Bruno Gryseels, director of the Institute of Tropical Medicine in Antwerp, who warns that controlling disease is only part of broader development challenges. “The world will not always fund control programmes. They need to be integrated into regular health services. It might be easier to tackle poverty.” Communities have to remain alert. I have nightmares that the diseases could come back Simon Best Finally, there is nature’s confounding power to adapt. If guinea worm is close to eradication, the last steps are proving extremely difficult. In Chad, the parasite — previously thought to require human hosts to live — has been identified in dogs and even frogs in the past few years. That has raised concerns that the disease will continue to spread undetected via animal populations. “Sometimes you feel totally overwhelmed,” concedes Ruiz-Tiben. “But if you keep at it, you see the light. It’s been a struggle, but we’re very close now.”  Filling the gap: drug donations A child receives onchocerciasis medication from a volunteer distributor in Ghana © Cristina Aldehuela From its factory in South Africa last year, GlaxoSmithKline manufactured, transported and donated more than 1bn tablets of albendazole to governments across Africa for the treatment of lymphatic filariasis - also known as elephantiasis. In the global drive to expand from “control” towards “elimination” of a range of diseases, deliveries of drugs such as albendazole, in combination with Merck’s ivermectin, are crucial. The gift was mirrored by contributions of drugs from a dozen other pharmaceutical groups as drug industry chiefs fulfil pledges made at the London declaration five years ago to provide medicines now totalling more than 1.8bn treatments a year. They have been supported by non-pharma partners such as DHL, the international logistics company, which has helped with shipments of the donated drugs. This approach marks a big improvement on past methods of donating medicines during humanitarian crises. Programmes need to be part of regular health services. It might be easier to tackle poverty Bruno Gryseels Typically treatments were given piecemeal by members of the public, rather than by the drug companies themselves and often the drugs were close to, or beyond, their expiry dates. Some were inappropriate for the intended use, or at least not the most urgently needed treatments. By contrast, the donations by big pharma companies for NTDs have so far been more strategic, appropriate and controlled. Yet some scepticism remains, whether from those who say companies are acting in self-interest to boost their public image, to others who complain that the donations permit very substantial tax write-offs that offset much of the cost. A more fundamental concern is the long-term commitment to such programmes. Bernard Pécoul, head of the Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative, a Geneva-based non-profit organisation that helps develop better drugs for the world’s poor, is among those who would prefer to dispense with handouts. “Big donations are not sustainable and they kill the market,” he says, echoing a stance taken by Medécins Sans Frontières, the medical relief organisation, on both drugs and vaccines. Yusuf Hamied, chairman of Cipla, the Indian generics company, says his efforts to provide the drug praziquantel, used to treat schistosomiasis (or bilharzia), at a low cost have been undercut by large donations from Merck of Germany. Rival suppliers from China charge less than his cost price, but only with the use of polluting manufacturing processes. To supporters of existing practices, however, it is not clear whether even highly competitive, low-cost production of many of the drugs needed to treat NTDs would sustain, let alone expand on, the quantities that are currently being provided by donations. The market is not lucrative for manufacturers, and many governments in high-burden countries have shied away from providing additional funding, even for very low-priced medicines. For now, the drug companies are at least adhering to their declaration commitments. There are calls for further donations, such as of Pfizer’s drug azithromycin, to treat yaws, alongside its existing donations of the drug for trachoma, under which 500m doses have been given away since 1998. In the absence of significant additional public sector resources, donations are still filling an important gap for now. Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save Latest on Neglected tropical diseases Special Report Neglected Tropical Diseases Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 Poverty, open sewers and parasites: ‘America’s dirty shame’ Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 More engagement on NTDs needed from drugmakers Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 A guide to neglected tropical diseases Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 Dr Margaret Chan: The tide is turning for neglected tropical diseases Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 Read latest Special Report Neglected Tropical Diseases Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 Latest on Neglected tropical diseases Add to myFT Latest in Health Add to myFT myFT Follow the topics mentioned in this article Health Add to myFT World Health Organization Add to myFT Cipla Add to myFT Merck Add to myFT Deutsche Post Add to myFT Follow the authors of this article Andrew Jack Add to myFT Take a tour of myFT Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Acute Coronary Syndrome Global Market Clinical Trials Landscape Analyzed in H1, 2017 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/17/2017 — Over the past few years, multiple clinical trials have reported results that will influence the treatment of patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) for many years to come. However, large-scale clinical trials take years to complete, during which time the underlying landscape may shift. Market Research Hub (MRH) has recently announced the inclusion of a new study titled „Acute Coronary Syndrome Market Global Clinical Trials Review, H1, 2017″ to its wide research offerings, which provides a detailed snapshot of the global clinical trials landscape. Clinical trials are collated from 80+ different clinical trial registries, conferences, journals, news etc. across the globe. Request Free Sample Report @ http://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1054400 Acute coronary syndrome is one of the serious medical conditions, which covers a range of disorders, from a heart attack (myocardial infarction) to unstable angina. Based on evidence of heart muscle damage, the acute coronary syndrome is divided into two main types: ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) Non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI). The acute coronary syndrome often causes severe chest pain or discomfort to the patients. It is a medical emergency that requires quick diagnosis and cares with the better treatment. Treatment goals include improving blood flow, treating difficulties and avoiding future problems. This report delves into the various facets of the rising prominence of pipeline drugs, therapeutics, and other remedial measures for Acute coronary syndrome global clinical trials. Additionally, the report offers coverage of disease clinical trials by regions, phase, country (G7 & E7), trial status, end points status and sponsor type. By region, the report analyzes top five countries contributing to the clinical trial of ACT, such as Europe, Asia-Pacific, North America, Central and South America, and Middle East & Africa. Currently, extensive pipeline drugs with properties, such as high patient compliance and improved safety, are also supporting the growth of global acute coronary syndrome market. For the buyers, this report provides top-line data relating to the ongoing and completed clinical trials on Acute Coronary Syndrome. For the brief description with key insights, the report includes an overview of trial numbers and their average enrollment in top countries conducted across the globe. With the key details about the disease and its global market overview, report enhances the decision-making capabilities for the readers and helps to create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. Furthermore, the report also reviews top companies involved and enlists all trials (Trial title, Phase and Status) relating to the company. Currently, top companies participating in acute coronary syndrome therapeutics clinical trials are as follows: Daiichi Sankyo Company Ltd AstraZeneca Plc The Medicines Company Eli Lilly and Company Sanofi Merck & Co Inc Pfizer Inc Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Bayer AG Astellas Pharma Inc Browse Full Report with TOC @ http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/acute-coronary-syndrome-global-clinical-trials-review-h1-2017-report.html At last, the report concludes with details on prominent drugs and clinical trial profile snapshots. Related Reports: 1. Global Clinical Trials Imaging Sales Market Report 2017:- http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/global-clinical-trials-imaging-sales-market-report-2017-report.html 2. Keratoconus Global Clinical Trials Review, H2, 2016:- http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/keratoconus-global-clinical-trials-review-h2-2016-report.html About Market Research Hub Market Research Hub(MRH) is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRH’s expansive collection of Clinical Trials market research reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps. MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients. Contact Details: 90 State Street, Albany, NY 12207, United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (US-Canada) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email: press@marketresearchhub.com Website: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/ Follow Us on: Twitter: https://twitter.com/MktResearchHub/ LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/market-research-hub/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MarketResearchHub/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Malteser International Americas Apiculture Program has Farmers ‘Buzzing’ in Northern Colombia Next PostNext Global Articulated Bus Market to Grow at a CAGR of 20.12% During 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Metroplex Management Group Congratulates C.J Young on Accomplishments in 2016 Goodfellow Reports its Results for the Three Months Ended February 28, 2017 Olympia Financial Group Inc. announces revision to ex-dividend date of April dividend It’s All Happening at BigCatBrandz Melodia Women’s Choir of NYC presents All-British Choral Program Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Data Forecast Tweet   Increasing geriatric population Impacting the Europe Cardiovascular Therapeutic Drugs market in a complicated way. Europe Cardiovascular Therapeutic Drugs Market is worth USD 29.16 billion in 2016 and is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 2.05% reaching a value of USD 32.28 billion by 2021   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 17, 2017 ) As per the syndicated report published by Market Data Forecast Europe Cardiovascular Therapeutic Drugs Market which is estimated to be USD 29.16 billion in 2016 is poised to reach USD 32.28 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 2.05% from 2016 to 2021. It can be attributed to the factors such as rising geriatric population, rise in per capita expenditure on healthcare and awareness about general health issues like diabetes and obesity. However certain challenges like increasing costs of drug development as well as decrease of the target population have been hindering the market from attaining the full potential. The market has seen an increase in the usage of drug therapies with the rise in prevalence of cardiovascular diseases and evolution of highly efficient therapies assisting the market for cardiovascular therapeutic drugs to grow. Get sample report at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-cardiovascular-therapeutic-drugs-market-1428/request-sample Cardiovascular therapeutics drug are basically the prescribed medicines and drugs for the diseases, related to the functioning and treatment of blood vessels and heart. Cardiovascular diseases are one of the leading causes of death, and the major reason behind cardiovascular problems are heart failure, coronary artery diseases, blood clots, high cholesterol and others. Europe Cardiovascular Therapeutic Drugs Market is segmented based on Disease and Drug Class as mentioned below for attaining a more granular perspective of the market. In the report, each sub segment is provided with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts. Based on Type:  Arteriosclerosis  Cardiac arrhythmias  Myocardial infarction  Acute Coronary Syndrome  Peripheral artery disease  Coronary artery disease  Hypertension  Hyperlipidaemia  Thrombosis  Cardiac failure diseases  Others Based on Drug Class:  Monotherapies  Combination Therapies Europe is an amalgamation of major economies like Germany, Spain, Italy, U.K. and France among others to name a few. The report justifies this by offering country wise data for the EU5 countries while taking some other predominant economies into consideration as well (Rest of Europe). As per the study France is poised to hold the major market share while Germany is the fastest growing market in this region. Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS), Novartis, AstraZeneca, Pfizer, Merck, Sanofi, Bayer, boehringer ingelheim, Takeda and Johnson & Johnson are the major players operating in the Europe Cardiovascular Therapeutic Drugs Market. According to recent reports, Torrent Pharma has come to an agreement with Novartis to buy certain generic drugs from them. The Cardiovascular Therapeutic Drugs market study offers the following deliverables:  Regional and country-level analysis that provides an innate perspective of European region and the aforementioned countries  Meticulously identifying the key areas of market growth by providing market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations at a Segment-level analysis  Explanations of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics  Study of macro and micro environmental factors that affect the European market presented in the form of PESTLE and Porters Five Forces Analyses  Company overview, product portfolios, key financial information (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview of the key market players operating in the region  Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies  Expertly devised Market Outlook - Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Therapeutics Segment: Cancer Immunotherapy Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-cancer-immunotherapy-market-1414/ Cardiovascular Therapeutic Drugs Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-cardiovascular-therapeutic-drugs-market-1428/ Cervical Cancer Diagnostics and Therapeutics Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-cervical-cancer-diagnostics-and-therapeutics-market-831/ Diabetic Retinopathy Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-diabetic-retinopathy-market-938/ About Market Data Forecast: The publisher of this report Market Data Forecast is well known for the services they render in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, they cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Their research reports section offers a wide variety of market studies ranging from all-encompassing comprehensive market studies to product specific niche markets covering Europe among other regions of the global market as well, that too with competitive pricing options. For more info kindly visit, www.marketdataforecast.com Contact Information: Market Data Forecast Abhishek Tel: +1-888- 702-9626 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Global Orphan Diseases Market was Estimated to Be around USD 121.6 Billion Orphan Diseases Market is expected to grow at the average CAGR of 24.9% period 2015-2022 and It is also expected that this market which was US$ 121.6 billion Major Key Players : Bristol-Myers Squibb Company , Novartis AG , CELGENE CORPORATION , F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd (Switzerland), Pfizer Inc. (US), Alexion, Sanofi, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated” — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, April 17, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global orphan diseases market was estimated to be around US$ 121.6 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach US$ 576.9 billion by 2022 by growing at a CAGR of 24.9%. Market Highlight The global orphan diseases market has been evaluated to be rapidly growing market and it is expected that it will grow at tremendous rate in the future. Orphan diseases are mostly genetic and exists lifelong with the patient; they are also known as rare diseases and affects small number of patient population. About 80% of orphan disease disorders are genetic. Rising consumer awareness and continuous development of treatment for orphan diseases are driving the growth of this market. Major drugs manufacturers are looking positively towards the orphan disease drug segment and investing huge amount in R&D of the same. Many countries are forming norms and acts for the treatment and cure of orphan diseases. There are several factors which are prohibiting the growth of this market which includes extremely high cost of orphan disease treatment and drugs and absence of correct diagnosis, appropriate treatment, healthcare facilities, and information about the orphan disease disorders etc. Request for Sample Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2547 Regional Analysis: Depending on the geographic region, orphan diseases market is segmented into four key regions: Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. Considering the global scenario of the market, North America comprise the largest market share of the global orphan diseases market. Moreover the European market is also growing continuously and slowly catching up with the growth and volume of the American market and is expected to maintain this in the future as well. On the other hand, Asia-Pacific market is expected to grow at the fastest pace in the future. Rest of the World is likely to have a limited but steady growth with respect to this market. Key Player • Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (US) • Novartis AG (Switzerland) • CELGENE CORPORATION (US) • F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd (Switzerland) • Pfizer Inc. (US) • Alexion (US) • Sanofi (France) • Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (US) • GlaxoSmithKline plc. (UK) • Merck & Co., Inc (US) • AbbVie Inc. (US) Segmentation By Type – Genetic Disorders, Blood Disorders, Cancer, Growth Disorder, Cardiovascular Diseases, Neurological Disorders, Eye Disorders and Others By Type – Treatment Gene Therapy, Cell Therapy, Drug Therapy and Others By End User – Hospital and Clinics, Research Laboratory and Others By Region: North America, Asia-Pacific, Europe and Row Browse Full OD Market @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/orphan-diseases-market-2547 Taste the market data and market information presented in more than 78 market data tables and figures spread in 85 pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content (TOC) & market synopsis on “Orphan Diseases Market Research Report –Global Forecast to 2022.” Intended Audience • Hospitals and clinics • Orphan diseases drug manufacturers and suppliers • Government and independent regulatory authorities • Research and development (R&D) companies • Market research and consulting service providers • Medical research laboratories • Potential investors • Table of Content 1 Report Prologue 2 Market Introduction 3 Research Methodology 3.1 Research Process 3.2 Primary Research 4 Market Dynamics 4.1 Drivers 4.2 Restraints 5 Market Factor Analysis 5.1 Value/Supply Chain Analysis 5.2 Porter’s 5 Forces Analysis 5.3 Pricing Analysis 6 Global Orphan diseases Market Market, By Disease Type (USD Million) 6.1 Autoimmune Disorders 6.2 Genetic Disorders 6.3 Blood Disorders 6.4 Cancer 7 Chronic Disease Management Market, By Treatment Type (USD Million) 7.1 Gene Therapy 7.2 Drug Therapy 7.3 Drug Therapy 8 Global Chronic Disease Management Market, By End User (USD Million) 8.1 Hospitals and Clinics 8.2 Research Laboratories 9 Global Orphan Disease Market, By Region (USD Million) Continued…… About Market Research Future At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nemaska Lithium Ready to Deliver First Tonne of Lithium Hydroxide from Phase 1 Plant to a Customer Next PostNext Global Passenger Information System Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts North America Zirconia Ceramic Ball Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 Lubricants Market To Reach $180.4 Billion By 2024: Ameri Research Inc. Medical Imaging market to reach $43.3 Billion by 2024: Ameri Research Inc. Launching of a new chapter of Holistic Chamber of Commerce Optogenetics Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Onchocerciasis Treatment Market – Global Industry Volume and Region Analysis – 2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/17/2017 — Onchocerciasis is likewise alluded to as waterway visual impairment and contaminates more than 37 million people who are living close quick moving streams and additionally waterways of sub-Saharan range of Africa. Few cases likewise have been accounted for out of Yemen and the Americas. Onchocerciasis is accepted to be the fourth driving reason for preventable visual impairment. Roughly 500,000 of people tainted with onchocerciasis are outwardly genuinely debilitated and another around 270,000 have turned out to be visually impaired for all time from this sickness. An extensive variety of causes lie behind these infections, yet for large portions of them the cause is obscure. There is no present specific treatment, and specialists must attempt to diminish the infection purely. Oral drugs has been as of late appeared to moderate the movement of sickness in a few patients. It is the world’s second driving irresistible reason for visual impairment. WHO prescribes treating onchocerciasis with ivermectin at any rate once yearly for around 10-15 years. The solution incapacitates and executes microfilariae, diminishing exceptional itching skin and ending the movement towards visual impairment. It additionally keeps grown-up worms from delivering more microfilariae for a couple of months taking after treatment, in this way lessening transmission. The commonness of disease can fluctuate amongst towns and was verifiably as high as 80 to 100 percent by the age of 20 years in a few territories, with visual impairment topping at 40 to 50 years old. Preceding control exercises, hyper endemic areas were as often as possible terminated in view of high rates of visual impairment. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/onchocerciasis-treatment-market.html Onchocerciasis Treatment Market: Drivers and Restraints Onchocerciasis treatment market has influenced the demand in recent years, soaring market capitalization of smaller players, rising number of strategic partnerships to scoop out the best of emerging medications or drugs, increased R&D spending by big pharma and emerging players, expanded indications for approved drugs and rising competition between companies producing drugs for same indications are majorly driving the overall onchocerciasis market. A current review in Mali and Senegal has given the primary confirmation of disposal following 15-17 years of treatment. Taking after this finding, the African Program for Onchocerciasis Control (APOC) has begun a precise assessment of the long haul effect of ivermectin treatment ventures and the attainability of end in APOC upheld nations. The World Health Organization has focused on Onchocerciasis for worldwide disposal in select nations in Africa by 2020. Control and disposal programs for this irresistible sicknesses by utilizing the medication ivermectin to stop transmission. Together with evidence of-idea for onchocerciasis disposal with yearly CDTI (community directed treatment with ivermectin) from foci in Senegal and Mali, this has brought about focusing on onchocerciasis end in chose African nations by 2020 and in 80% of African nations by 2025. The difficulties for meeting these objectives incorporate the quantity of endemic nations where struggle has deferred or intruded on control programs, cross-fringe foci, and possible growth of organism strains with low helplessness to ivermectin and co-endemicity of loiasis, another parasitic vector borne malady, which backs off or denies CDTI execution. Some of these difficulties could be tended to with new medications or medication mixes with a higher impact on Onchocerca Volvulus than ivermectin. Troublesome manufacturing procedures of this medication is in charge of its high value, which confines its utilization. There are risks of severe side effects. Uncertainty by the government regulations, also low guidance from doctors in selecting proper drug, reimbursement coverage may be weak sometimes and accuracy or medical technology infancy is concern to a certain extent during the forecast period. While the orphan Onchocerciasis treatment market is for the most part limited to the U.S. what’s more, Africa now, pharmaceutical organizations are probably going to begin taking advantage of the African market — which has a high populace of untreated uncommon sicknesses in 2017–2018. In addition, the emergence of effective generic drugs for the treatment of onchocerciasis is expected to encourage the growth of the market during the forecast period. The growing focus of governments in emerging countries on the development of healthcare infrastructure and creating an awareness regarding the condition are additional positive factors assessed to quicken the development of the onchocerciasis treatment market. Segmentation by Drugs Storomectol (oral) Ivermectin (oral) Segmentation By End User Hospitals Specialty Clinics Others It is to be expected that the global market of orphan onchocerciasis treatment will show steady growth. Pharmaceutical and medical industries have gained popularity by generating new drugs for treatment of Onchocerciasis. Advancement in this field has been moved by different motivating forces, for example, quick track survey conventions, more medical campaigns, government funding and R&D expenses provided by authorized specialists in selective countries, majorly in Africa. Some of the major key players for orphan Onchocerciasis treatment market are Merck & Co., Inc., Mayne Pharma Group, Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc., Delta Pharma Ltd., Life Pharmaceutical Company and Taj Pharmaceuticals Limited. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22727 About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR Syndicated Research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports thrive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: https://tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Spanish for Fun! Offers Unique Daycare Option Next PostNext Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market 2024: Trends, Business Strategies and Opportunities with Key Players Analysis Search Recent Posts Antiviral Drugs Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Diabetic Food Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Announcing new leadership for Achmea Australia Erythropoietin Drug Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Allied Properties Real Estate Investment Trust Announces April 2017 Distribution Proudly powered by WordPress
Mais um site WordPress Toggle navigation Home Greensavers Greensavers: Análise Análise GS: Rapper Will.i.am foi a Oxford falar de alterações climáticas. Mas apareceu de helicóptero. Análise GS: O perfil do consultor de sustentabilidade Emprego: Agora é uma cidade alemã que quer contratar (muitos) portugueses Green Savers TV Rio+20: que futuro quer para o Planeta (VÍDEO) Angola: crianças completam a frase “se eu mandasse no mundo…” (VÍDEO) Dica: como poupar €55 (R$143) por ano em água (VÍDEO) Insólito Big Major Cay: a ilha das Bahamas onde suínos e humanos podem nadar juntos Coelho com doença rara causadora de chifres na cabeça fotografado (com FOTOS) Cão responde a ordens do dono mudando a expressão facial (com VÍDEO) Opinião Opinião de Luís Gil, LNEG: A cortiça e o sequestro de carbono Opinião, Álvaro Cidrais: “Maldita Educação” Carolina Afonso: Os novos paradigmas do consumo sustentável Tecnologia Londres transforma cabines telefónicas icónicas em pontos de carregamento solar Nova aplicação permite diagnóstico médico via smartphone Angola: tecnologias ambientais crescem 75% entre 2011 e 2013 Ambiente Ambiente: Ambiente Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Alterações Climáticas Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Sustentabilidade da Hidroeléctrica do Gove distinguida pelas Nações Unidas China vai abater milhões de carros para melhorar a qualidade do ar Biodiversidade Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Cervo “vampiro” de Caxemira considerado extinto avistado pela primeira vez desde 1948 Educação Ambiental Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Tijolos tipo Lego vão levar reflorestação, acesso a água potável e educação aos mais carenciados Universidade angolana abre novo programa de bolsas Política Índia culpa activistas ambientais pelos problemas económicos do país Como será África em 2063? Vinte mil animais foram mortos em Nova Iorque nos últimos dois anos Reciclagem Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Adidas lança ténis feitos de papelão reciclado em Abril de 2014 Chitato vai contratar nova empresa para recolher e tratar resíduos sólidos Recursos Naturais Preços elevados do ouro estão a impulsionar a desflorestação na América do Sul Será que esta luxuosa embalagem o convencerá a comer o que está no interior? Angola: terrenos da reserva fundiária de Kaluapanda estão livres de minas Cidades Cidades: Interior do País Mauritânia: êxodo rural está a perturbar a ordem social e deixar aldeias sem homens Trabalhar a partir de casa será o futuro da mobilidade sustentável Construção Construção: Eco Design Sol-Char, a sanita sustentável Já plantou um lápis? Veja como o pode fazer. Corticeira Amorim desafia designers a criarem novas aplicações para a cortiça Edifícios Ateliê francês constrói casa sustentável em quatro dias (com FOTOS) Casa orquídea prevê mudar conceito habitacional em Taiwan (com FOTOS) Primeiro hotel subaquático africano inaugurado na Tanzânia (com FOTOS) Energia Energia: Eficiência Energética EcoBreeze vai reduzir o consumo de energia nos centros de dados Fim das lâmpadas incandescentes significaria o encerramento de 250 centrais de carvão 4 tendências para a utilização de energia pelas grandes empresas Energias Alternativas Quénia vai ter a maior central geotérmica de turbina única do mundo Produção de biocombustíveis poderá aumentar doenças transmitidas por mosquitos Filme denuncia fracturação hidráulica na segunda maior reserva de vida selvagem do planeta Energias Renováveis A garrafa reciclada que se transforma numa lâmpada solar (com FOTOS) Angola aposta nas renováveis para solucionar problemas energéticos Alemanha: 74% da energia utilizada no penúltimo fim-de-semana foi renovável Dicas 20 dicas para poupar na luz e no gás Poupança As 10 melhores fotos da Hora do Planeta Wonderbag: um saco que reduz os gastos energéticos a cozinhar em 30% (com fotos) LED vai dominar mercado da iluminação em 2015 Mobilidade Mobilidade: Mobilidade Individual Ford pesquisa carro movido a energia solar para uso diário Londres tem o estacionamento mais caro do mundo A app que prevê os congestionamentos de trânsito Bicicletas Antigo futebolista cria bicicleta de madeira em homenagem a Eusébio (com VÍDEO) Uma bicicleta prática e amiga do ambiente (com FOTOS) Serra Leoa: Mudança na legislação melhora a reputação dos condutores de mototáxis Transportes Públicos Linha férrea vai ligar Angola e Moçambique Japão prepara construção de linha para novo comboio de levitação magnética Investidores chineses vão financiar construção de ferrovias em África Veículos Eléctricos Sistemas de partilha de carros conquistam as empresas Nova Iorque quer 10 mil novos lugares para carros eléctricos Toyota e Microsoft preparam skate eléctrico controlado por gestos Nutrição Nutrição: Hortas Urbanas Serviço público ecológico: ajude a nossa leitora Diana Fontoura a iniciar-se nas hortas domésticas Saúde e Bem-Estar 8 dicas para controlar o peso na Páscoa Beyonce e Jay Z serão vegans durante 22 dias Al Gore tornou-se vegan Segurança Alimentar Coca-Cola financiou estudos que desvalorizam riscos da má alimentação Angola, Brasil e Nações Unidas assinam acordo de cooperação agrónoma Angola no fundo da tabela global da qualidade alimentar (com LISTA) Social Social: Cidadania Hospital de Luanda organiza curso de formação para médicos palhaços As 50 fotos mais inspiradoras de Nelson Mandela (com FOTOS) Abelhas detectam a presença de minas terrestres Comunidades As 15 estradas mais perigosas do mundo (com FOTOS) Os angolanos já valorizam a sustentabilidade dos produtos? Unesco cria programa Brasil-África para acabar com racismo Cultura Ilha de Veneza vai receber projectos de Angola TEDxLuanda regressa a 14 de Junho A obra de arte que se estende nas areias do Sáara (com FOTOS) Eventos Rio+20 chega a Lisboa no próximo dia 14 de Maio Ligando os Pontos: a nova acção global da 350 realiza-se no sábado Rio+20: Brasil vai organizar o Dia Sanduíche. Saiba o que é. Inclusão Social Empresa japonesa desenha carro para cenários de tsunami (com FOTOS) ONU está a utilizar programas de inclusão financeira em África para combater a pobreza rural Bill Gates: em 2035 não haverá países pobres Vida Saudável Vacina experimental contra o ébola já seguiu para a Libéria Londres: quem vive junto de árvores toma menos antidepressivos Ébola poderá infectar entre 550 mil e 1,4 milhões de pessoas até Janeiro de 2015 Voluntariado Projecto de conservação salva crias de pinguins africanos Empresa portuguesa responsável por campanha pela desminagem Empresas lucram com a solidariedade social que promovem Economia Economia: Economia Verde Évora, Portugal: uma lixeira que se transformou em quinta solar (com VÍDEO) Minuto Verde chega pela primeira vez a Angola em 2013 Transição para a Economia Verde pode criar 60 milhões novos empregos Empresas Hugo Bizarro: “Aprender com erros e sucessos de Portugal pode ser um bom caminho para o desenvolvimento da indústria e serviços em Angola” Reviva debate profissionalização da indústria e serviços e o crescimento de Angola A importância da sustentabilidade para o comércio (parte 3) Ética Empresarial H&M chega a África Primeiro hotel em África a obter certificação de turismo responsável é em São Tomé e Príncipe Panasonic oferece 100 mil lanternas solares aos países sem electricidade Inovação Cientistas descobrem mecanismo que causa o “cheiro da chuva” The Real Thing: a máquina que transforma Coca-Cola em água potável (com FOTOS) Jovem nigeriano cria carro movido a energia solar e eólica (com FOTOS) BTC payment Is Available * cheap Arcoxia 60 mg Best Place To Buy Cátia Fernandes Sem categoria 17 de Abril de 2017 cheap Arcoxia 60 mg Best Place To Buy Generic Arcoxia Where To Order Arcoxia Generic OTC. Arcoxia (Etoricoxib) is used for the treatment of acute and chronic treatment of the signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. Arcoxia is one of the top prescribed medications of its kind! Arcoxia also marketed as: Algix, Etoricoxib, Nucoxia, Tauxib. *Arcoxia® is manufactured by Merck Sharp & Dhome. Rating 4.3 stars, based on 66 comments Price start from $0.71 Per pill Click here to Order Generic Arcoxia (Etoricoxib) NOW! Achat Etoricoxib Generique En Ligne Arcoxia Pills Buy Online Achat Arcoxia Köp Generic Arcoxia Angleterre Purchase Online Arcoxia Uae Acheter Du Arcoxia En Toute Securité Acheter Generic Arcoxia Uae Köp Cheap Arcoxia Sverige Cheapest Generic Etoricoxib Online Buy Online Arcoxia Stockholm Prescription For Arcoxia Purchase cheap Kamagra Soft generic Zocor greensavers.sapo.ao buy Glipizide Purchase Etoricoxib With Paypal Cheap Arcoxia Overnight No Prescription Buy Arcoxia Brand Where To Buy Generic Arcoxia Suomi Buy Cheapest Arcoxia Etoricoxib Tablets Sale Acheter Etoricoxib Ligne Quebec Order Cheap Arcoxia Belgium Cheap Arcoxia Sites Purchase Arcoxia Discover Card Where To Get Generic Arcoxia Spain Cheap Brand Arcoxia Online No Prescription Acheter Du Arcoxia Par Internet Chicago Generic Arcoxia Where To Buy Arcoxia For Sale No Prescription Achat Cheap Arcoxia Gb Etoricoxib Etoricoxib Cheapest Online Paypal Arcoxia Buy Buy Etoricoxib Daily Use Online Purchase Online Arcoxia Gb Prescription Costs Etoricoxib Beställ Cheap Arcoxia Norway Arcoxia Brand For Sale Peut On Acheter Du Etoricoxib Sans Ordonnance Peut Acheter Etoricoxib Pharmacie Etoricoxib Genuine Sale How To Order Generic Arcoxia Where To Order Generic Arcoxia Sweden Where To Get Online Arcoxia Houston Where To Order Cheap Arcoxia Suomi Cheap Etoricoxib Pillstore Buy Arcoxia Next Day Delivery Buy Etoricoxib Fda Prescription Arcoxia Costs Buy Arcoxia Otc Where I Can Buy Arcoxia How To Order Arcoxia Where Can You Buy Arcoxia Order Etoricoxib Pills Combien Generic Arcoxia Paris Arcoxia Buy Online Cheap Where To Get Online Arcoxia Dallas Where To Purchase Generic Arcoxia Miami Where To Purchase Generic Arcoxia Us Etoricoxib Price Cheap Cost Arcoxia Pharmacy Acheter Generic Arcoxia Zürich Do Need Prescription Buy Etoricoxib Costo Etoricoxib Acheter Cheap Arcoxia Gb Buy Generic Arcoxia Washington Cheap Pharmacy Arcoxia Acheter Arcoxia Sans Prescription Acheter Du Arcoxia Pas Cher Brand Arcoxia Buy imaginatecperu.com ktime.in cheap Colchicine buy Levitra Super Active D0qRb Related Posts Carrinha vai percorrer Nova Iorque com comida orgânica e vegan Porque é que o Pinóquio é a estrela da última campanha da WWF? Köp nu och säkert dina pengar Köpa 0.25 mg Requip Över Disken Vi sänder med EMS, Fedex, Ups och andra Commander Du Vrai Flomax – 24/7 Service Clients Ceftin Cefuroxime Acquistare In linea * No Pharmacy Script online Generique Cytotec 200 mg – Les meilleurs médicaments de qualité Partilhar facebook twitter google+ pinterest linkedin email Tweet Prezzo basso Sildenafil Citrate 100 mg - Consegna gratuita Anterior Generico 0.25 mg Requip Ordine - Più veloce Spedizione... Seguinte Cátia Fernandes Newsletter Acompanhe as nossas novidades Subscrever Cancelar subscrição Siga-nos Facebook Twitter Linkedin Patrocinadores Contactos Sobre Cabo Verde Portugal Moçambique Projetos:
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews U.S Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market to Exceed US$ 439.8 Million in 2024 The U.S. bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market displays intense competitive rivalry among existing players, as currently the market is highly fragmented comprising both large and small pharmaceutical companies. Key players profiled in this study include organizations such as Actavis plc, Akorn, Inc., Bayer AG, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Perrigo Company plc, Pfizer, Inc., Santen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. According to a new market report published by Persistence Market Research “The U.S Market Study on Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs: fluoroquinolones to be the Largest Segment by 2024” the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs marketin the U.S. was valued at USD 473.3 million in 2013 and is estimated to reach a market worth of USD 439.8 million in 2024, at a CAGR of2.7%from 2012 to 2018 and (-3.73%) from 2018 to 2024. Conjunctivitis is an inflammation of the conjunctiva – the clear membrane that covers the outermost layer of an eye and the inner surface of eyelids. Conjunctivitis is segmented into three major categories: infective (viral and bacterial), allergic, and irritant (chemical). Bacterial conjunctivitis is one of the most commonly observed eye problems across all age groups, generally caused by bacteria such as Staphylococcus aureus, Moraxella lacunata, Haemophilus influenza, and others (e.g. Chlamydia trachomatis, Proteus mirabilis, etc.). As reported by Healio (specialty medical news and journal publisher), approximately 5 million acute bacterial conjunctivitis cases are reported in the U.S. each year. Thus, high prevalence of bacterial conjunctivitis in the country demands effective medications, thereby driving the growth of the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S.However, despite the increasing incidence of bacterial conjunctivitis, the overall bacterial conjunctivitis market in the U.S. is likely to witness negative growth due to the patent expirations of major blockbuster drugs such as Vigamox, Moxeza, Zymaxid, and Besivance in the next few years. Rise in ophthalmic bacterial infections is increasing the demand for antibacterial drugs in the U.S. According to a clinical study conducted by the scientists Amir A. Azari and Neal P. Barney, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) in 2013, bacterial conjunctivitis accounts for over 50% of the conjunctivitis cases in the U.S. It also quoted that the incidence of bacterial conjunctivitis was estimated to be 135 in 10,000 in a single study.These statistics indicate that the U.S. is witnessing high incidence of bacterial conjunctivitis, hence leading to increased demand for bacterial conjunctivitis drugs in the country. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/5192 Fluoroquinolones, aminoglycosides, macrolides and other antibacterials such as bacitracin, doxycycline, and ceftriaxone collectively form the bacterial conjunctivitis market; among which fluoroquinolones dominate the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. with a share of more than 70% in 2013. Fluoroquinolones are more widely prescribed as compared to other antibiotic drug classes for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis across the U.S. due to their higher efficacy against antibiotic-resistant bacterial strains and broad spectrum activity. However, the segment is expected to witness a significant decline in sales in the near future -from a CAGR of 4.9% from 2012 to 2018 to a CAGR of (-8.1%) from 2018 to 2024. Burgeoning influx of generic antibacterials as well as upcoming patent expiries of leading branded formulations such as Vigamox, Zymaxid, Moxeza, and Besivance are a few major factors that would adversely affect the growth of the segment. Request to view table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/u.s-bacterial-conjunctivitis-drugs-market/toc With the loss of patent exclusivity, generics would offer physicians a broad range of affordable medications to prescribe, thereby significantly reducing the overall size of the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. Hence, the future market growth would be contingent on commercialization of novel drugs for new indications. However, it has been observed that although the incidence rate of bacterial conjunctivitis is moderate in the U.S., the risk of morbidity is less, due to which the novel product pipeline for bacterial conjunctivitis is weak/dry. At present, only a few novel compounds are under investigation in both preclinical and clinical settings for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market, Google News, satPRnews, U.S Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs, U.S Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strontium Market: Demand for Strontium to Surge as Master Alloys Replace Pure Metals Across Industries, Says TMR Next PostNext Global Polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) Market: Rising Use in Cookware and Automotive Industries to Spur Growth, Says TMR Search Recent Posts Commercial Vehicles Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Head Mounted Display Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Global Spatial Light Modulator Market expected to grow at US ~$553 million by the end of forecast period 2022 Bear Bowl Launches Kickstarter Campaign For Portable Cook-Pot Knomo Launches Kickstarter For New Wireless Charging Backpack Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Antidepressants Market: Technological Advancements, Evolving Industry Trends and Insights 2016 – 2024 Antidepressants are drugs used for the treatment of depressive disorders including dysthymia, obsessive compulsive disorder, anxiety, chronic pain, eating disorders, and neuropathic pain. Depression is a medical disorder which is related to the brain. Symptoms of depression include feeling sad and tired, lacking energy, and having difficulty enjoying routine daily activities. According to CDC, depression affects about 1 in every 5 individuals in the U.S. According to WHO (World Health Organization), at present an estimated 350 million people worldwide are affected by depression. Depression affects 10% to 15% men and about 10% to 25% of women. Browse Market Research Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/antidepressants-market… The antidepressants market has been segmented based on the drug classes commonly used for the treatment of various types of depressive disorders. There are different types of antidepressant drugs available in the market such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI), serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors (SNRI), noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants (TCA), reversible inhibitors of monoamine oxidase A (RIMA), tetracyclic antidepressants, etc. The different types of antidepressants are used in the treatment of depressive disorders. The different classes of antidepressants are as effective as each other, but some patients respond better to one antidepressant compared to another antidepressant. Side effects can also be different between these groups of antidepressants. Different types of depression disorders include dysthymic disorder, postpartum depression, psychotic depression, major or clinical depressive disorder, and seasonal affective disorder. Factors driving the antidepressants market are declining side effects and rising efficacy of drugs in various classes as well as growing geriatric population where rate of mental illness is higher. However, the overall antidepressants market growth would decrease due to patent expiry of key antidepressants, fragile pipeline of new drugs, increasing number of generic drug alternatives, and growing prevalence of treatment-resistant psychiatric disorders. Region wise, the global fermented ingredients market is segmented into five regions; North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa. North America is the most dominant market for antidepressants due to the presence of a large patient population suffering from various types of anxiety disorders and depression. However, the antidepressants market in the U.S. is currently saturated, as several antidepressant drugs are available on prescription for the same indication. Hence, the future growth of the market would depend on introduction of efficacious drugs for new indications. For more information on this report, fill the form @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Moreover, loss of patent exclusivity, market maturity, generic infiltration, and shortened drug lifecycles are the additional factors that contribute to the decline in market growth in the region. Asia Pacific is expected to witness appreciable growth due to multiple factors such as high prevalence of psychiatric disorders and rapid economic growth in countries such as China, Japan, and Australia. Additionally, positive marketing approval for innovative medicines is likely to drive the market in the near future. Currently, the market is highly fragmented and competitive in nature due to the involvement of both large and small pharmaceutical companies. AstraZeneca plc, Eli Lilly and Company, Forest Laboratories, GlaxoSmithKline plc, H. Lundbeck A/S, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer, Inc. and Sanofi S.A. are major companies operating in the antidepressants market. Majority of the market players are focusing on expanding distribution network as well as expanding geographical presence, as Asia Pacific, the Middle East& Africa, and Latin America are developing regions with an increasing prevalence of various types of depressive disorders and improving economic conditions. Differences in clinical efficacy between drugs are generally small because most modern antidepressants work through a common biological mechanism. As a result, drug makers use direct-to-consumer advertising and tweak side effect profiles in order to differentiate their products. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Preventative Diagnosis is Anticipated to Propel the Next-generation Cancer Diagnostics Market Next PostNext Rising population, Increase in Disposable Income and Increase in the Geriatric Population Drives the Asia Pacific market Search Recent Posts Oilfield Chemicals Market – Segment by Application and Geography Trends and Forecasts 2021 Global Iron Powder Market with Current Trends Analysis, 2017-2022 Global Induction Cooktop Market with Current Trends Analysis, 2017-2022 Micro LIM Machines Market Trends, Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Competitive Landscape 2021 Global Gluten Market with Current Trends Analysis, 2017-2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Xencor Appoints Kevin Gorman, Ph.D., to its Board of Directors MONROVIA, Calif., April 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Xencor, Inc. (NASDAQ: XNCR), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of inflammation and cancer, today announced that Kevin Gorman, Ph.D., chief executive officer of Neurocrine Biosciences, has been appointed to Xencor’s Board of Directors. Xencor also announced that Robert Baltera, Jr., who has served as director since 2013, will not stand for re-election at the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. „Kevin is a great addition to Xencor’s Board as we plan our next phase of growth,” said Bassil Dahiyat, Ph.D., president and chief executive officer of Xencor. „His substantial experience building successful biotechnology companies, taking drugs from clinical development to FDA approval, and preparing for commercialization will be invaluable as we progress our drug candidates into later stages of development, and I’m excited to work with him.” Dr. Gorman, Ph.D. is a founder of Neurocrine Biosciences. Prior to assuming his current role as CEO, he served as Neurocrine’s chief operating officer after having served as executive vice president and chief business officer and senior vice president of business development. From 1990 until joining Neurocrine in 1993, Dr. Gorman was a principal of Avalon Medical Partners, L.P. where he contributed to the founding of Neurocrine and several other biotechnology companies, including Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Metra Biosystems, IDUN and ARIAD Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Gorman received his Ph.D. in Immunology and M.B.A. in Finance from the University of California, Los Angeles and did further post-doctoral training at The Rockefeller University. „Xencor has developed a powerful antibody engineering technology, a deep pipeline of antibody drug candidates, and promising bispecific antibodies that create tremendous opportunity for bringing novel medicines to patients,” said Dr. Gorman. „I am looking forward to joining the Xencor Board and contributing to the Company’s continued growth.” Dr. Dahiyat continued, „On behalf of Xencor’s Board of Directors and management team, I want to thank Bob for his many contributions. Bob’s guidance played a key role in enabling Xencor to expand our clinical development pipeline and advance to where we are today, and I wish him well as he focuses on launching his new company.” About Xencor, Inc. Xencor is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, asthma and allergic diseases and cancer. Currently, 11 candidates engineered with Xencor’s XmAb® technology are in clinical development internally and with partners. Xencor’s internal programs include: XmAb®5871 in Phase 2 development for the treatment of IgG4-Related Disease, and also for the treatment of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus; XmAb®7195 in Phase 1 development for the treatment of asthma and allergic diseases; XmAb®14045 in Phase 1 development for acute myeloid leukemia; XmAb®13676 in Phase 1 development for B-cell malignancies; and XmAb®18087 for the treatment of neuroendocrine tumors, in pre-clinical development. Xencor’s XmAb antibody engineering technology enables small changes to the structure of monoclonal antibodies resulting in new mechanisms of therapeutic action.  Xencor partners include Novartis, Amgen, MorphoSys, Merck, CSL/Janssen, Alexion and Boehringer Ingelheim. For more information, please visit www.xencor.com. Forward Looking Statements:  Statements contained in this press release regarding matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including any expectations relating to Xencor’s Board composition and future growth trajectory. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements and the timing of events to be materially different from those implied by such statements, and therefore these statements should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results. Such risks include, without limitation, the risks associated with the process of discovering, developing, manufacturing and commercializing drugs that are safe and effective for use as human therapeutics and other risks described in Xencor’s public securities filings. All forward-looking statements are based on Xencor’s current information and belief as well as assumptions made by Xencor. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements and Xencor disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/xencor-appoints-kevin-gorman-phd-to-its-board-of-directors-300440032.html SOURCE Xencor, Inc. Related Links http://www.xencor.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Optocoupler Industry 2017 Outlook, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Next PostNext Decernis to Showcase Horizon Scanning’s Emerging Issues Insights at GMA Science Forum Search Recent Posts Edimax Launches10G Switch XGS-5008 to Enhance the Networking Speed Aerovoyce New SIM (International), Broadband, Fibernet Launched By Actor Prashant India Baja Rally flagged off from Jaisalmer Survey Of Pesticide Industry In China Pre-harvest Equipment Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Xencor Appoints Kevin Gorman, Ph.D., to its Board of Directors News provided by Xencor, Inc. Apr 17, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article MONROVIA, Calif., April 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Xencor, Inc. (NASDAQ: XNCR), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of inflammation and cancer, today announced that Kevin Gorman, Ph.D., chief executive officer of Neurocrine Biosciences, has been appointed to Xencor's Board of Directors. Xencor also announced that Robert Baltera, Jr., who has served as director since 2013, will not stand for re-election at the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. "Kevin is a great addition to Xencor's Board as we plan our next phase of growth," said Bassil Dahiyat, Ph.D., president and chief executive officer of Xencor. "His substantial experience building successful biotechnology companies, taking drugs from clinical development to FDA approval, and preparing for commercialization will be invaluable as we progress our drug candidates into later stages of development, and I'm excited to work with him." Dr. Gorman, Ph.D. is a founder of Neurocrine Biosciences. Prior to assuming his current role as CEO, he served as Neurocrine's chief operating officer after having served as executive vice president and chief business officer and senior vice president of business development. From 1990 until joining Neurocrine in 1993, Dr. Gorman was a principal of Avalon Medical Partners, L.P. where he contributed to the founding of Neurocrine and several other biotechnology companies, including Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Metra Biosystems, IDUN and ARIAD Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Gorman received his Ph.D. in Immunology and M.B.A. in Finance from the University of California, Los Angeles and did further post-doctoral training at The Rockefeller University. "Xencor has developed a powerful antibody engineering technology, a deep pipeline of antibody drug candidates, and promising bispecific antibodies that create tremendous opportunity for bringing novel medicines to patients," said Dr. Gorman. "I am looking forward to joining the Xencor Board and contributing to the Company's continued growth." Dr. Dahiyat continued, "On behalf of Xencor's Board of Directors and management team, I want to thank Bob for his many contributions. Bob's guidance played a key role in enabling Xencor to expand our clinical development pipeline and advance to where we are today, and I wish him well as he focuses on launching his new company." About Xencor, Inc. Xencor is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, asthma and allergic diseases and cancer. Currently, 11 candidates engineered with Xencor's XmAb® technology are in clinical development internally and with partners. Xencor's internal programs include: XmAb®5871 in Phase 2 development for the treatment of IgG4-Related Disease, and also for the treatment of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus; XmAb®7195 in Phase 1 development for the treatment of asthma and allergic diseases; XmAb®14045 in Phase 1 development for acute myeloid leukemia; XmAb®13676 in Phase 1 development for B-cell malignancies; and XmAb®18087 for the treatment of neuroendocrine tumors, in pre-clinical development. Xencor's XmAb antibody engineering technology enables small changes to the structure of monoclonal antibodies resulting in new mechanisms of therapeutic action.  Xencor partners include Novartis, Amgen, MorphoSys, Merck, CSL/Janssen, Alexion and Boehringer Ingelheim. For more information, please visit www.xencor.com. Forward Looking Statements:  Statements contained in this press release regarding matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including any expectations relating to Xencor's Board composition and future growth trajectory. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements and the timing of events to be materially different from those implied by such statements, and therefore these statements should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results. Such risks include, without limitation, the risks associated with the process of discovering, developing, manufacturing and commercializing drugs that are safe and effective for use as human therapeutics and other risks described in Xencor's public securities filings. All forward-looking statements are based on Xencor's current information and belief as well as assumptions made by Xencor. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements and Xencor disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/xencor-appoints-kevin-gorman-phd-to-its-board-of-directors-300440032.html SOURCE Xencor, Inc. Related Links http://www.xencor.com/ Mar 15, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: Xencor to Present at Oppenheimer 27th Annual Healthcare Conference My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 15, 2017, 08:00 ETXencor to Present at Oppenheimer 27th Annual Healthcare Conference Mar 06, 2017, 16:01 ETXencor Announces Bruce L.A. Carter, Ph.D., Chairman of the Board... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Personnel Announcements You just read: Xencor Appoints Kevin Gorman, Ph.D., to its Board of Directors News provided by Xencor, Inc. Apr 17, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Patient Handling Equipment Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Patient Handling Equipment Market Awareness about mobility aids is constantly increasing and several government organizations are known to offer subsidies, grants, and funding, while various public and private insurance players are provide insurance coverage. Increase in reimbursement for mobility and assistive devices by both private and government insurance players are likely to provide growth opportunities in the patient handling equipment market. Organizations such as the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and the American Nurse Association (ANA) recommend that manual lifting of patients must be minimized and eliminated. For instance, a study conducted by OSHA in 2013 concluded that musculoskeletal disorders such as strains and sprains were one of the leading causes of injury to health care workers while manually moving, shifting, and lifting patients. These developments would drive the demand for these globally. The research report on patient handling equipment market includes in-depth analysis of the product types, end-user, and geography. Base on product type, the market has been segmented into lifting slings, wheelchair, medical beds, ambulatory aids, shower, bath and toileting equipment, and others. In terms of end-user, the market has been divided into hospitals, home health care, nursing homes, assisted living facility, and others. The scope of this study analyzes each segment in terms of revenue (US$ Mn) and covers exhaustive information on the global volume trends of product equipment. Read Full Report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/patient-handling-equip… In 2015, medical beds product segment accounted for a lion’s share in the global patient handling equipment market. The hospital end user segment accounted for the largest market share compared to other end user segments in 2015. This end user segment is expected to maintain its dominance in the market; however, other end users such as rehabilitation centers, trauma centers are expected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period from 2016 to 2024. The global patient handling equipment market was analyzed across four geographies: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World. The key market players in this market have launched new products with technologically advanced and ergonomical design features in this market. In May 2015, Getinge Group introduced new Citadel Patient Care System, which is a medical bed with therapeutic mattresses for provision of improved care and support while handling high dependency patients. Technological advancements such as introduction of automated patient lifting and transfer techniques also act as a potential driver of the patient handling equipment market. These innovative products would sharply reduce the average time and number of caregivers that are deployed per patient in a health care setting. Therefore, advancements in assistive technology and improved product design coupled with government subventions are expected to contribute to market growth in the near future. Download exclusive Sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Geographically, Europe was the largest market for patient handling equipment in terms of revenue in 2015. The patient handling equipment market in Asia Pacific is anticipated to expand at the fastest growth rate during the forecast period from 2016 to 2024. Other emerging markets in rest of the world such as Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa are also expected to witness a steady growth during the forecast period. Increasing patient base, medical tourism, and rising income levels are also expected to propel the market. Highly priced equipment’s have a minuscule consumer base in under- developed and developing regions due to the high cost of technologically advanced equipment which are unaffordable for small and medium size healthcare settings. In addition, apart from these factors the lower labor cost of caregivers in developing economies could further restrain the market growth in emerging economies. Key players profiled in this report include Bayer AG, Continental Manufacturing Chemist, Inc., Elanco Animal Health, Inc., Indian Immunologicals Ltd., M.B.D. Marketing (S) Pte Ltd., Merck Animal Health, Merial, Nicosia International, Vallée S.A., and Zoetis, Inc. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Transdermal Scopolamine Market will rise to US$ 585.3 Million by 2024 Next PostNext Advanced (3D/4D) Visualization Systems Market to Reach US$ 3.28 Billion in 2024 Search Recent Posts Ultra-Light Aircraft Market Set to Surge Significantly During 2017 – 2025 Automobile Meters Market to Receive Overwhelming Hike in Revenues by 2025 Global Motorcycle Lighting Market 2017 – LEDGlow Lighting, Lazer Star Lights, Lightning Motors Corp. AltaPacific Bancorp Terminates Merger Agreement Solcon Industriesの中電圧DriveStartが世界で成功を収める Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2017 – 2025 Skin is the largest organ of the body, and the first point of contact for microbes and toxins, any functional issue with it makes the person pay high prices for it. It contains a rich habitat of microbes which results in various dysfunctions, and this is the point where dermatology steps in. The importance of skin has increased in the recent years. High range of population is willing to treat various dermatological diseases due to awareness. Expansion of the number of indications treated by topical drugs is likely to drive the growth of the dermatology drugs market. Historically acne and rosacea have been the primary indications treated, however ongoing research and development efforts focused on new signs such as hair growth, discoloration, and onychomycosis promise to increase the range of uses for prescription dermatology therapeutics and as a result, expand the addressable market of the prescription dermatology therapeutics. Inquire for a Sample Copy of Report – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… An increase in pollution, stress, and lack of nutrition, skin disorders are growing at a rapid pace. People are obsessed with their aesthetic appearance due to an overbearing influence of celebrity culture and rising expenditure on personal care is driving demand for aesthetic procedures and therapies. The urban people are getting more exposed towards dermatologists and have their treatments done with them to assure safety and efficacy and get their desired results. A long-term impact in the field of research and development is making newer innovations in the field to dermatology. This, in turn, is leading the companies to shift their focus more on the dermatological segment which leads them towards good business opportunities in prescription dermatology therapeutics market. However stringent regulations for approval of dermatology drugs is restraining the growth of this market. Growing awareness about skin quality, coupled with the rising spending power of people worldwide, are some of the factors driving demand in the global prescription dermatology therapeutics market. Also, aggressive marketing strategies from existing players along with massive investment in research and development to create new drugs have led to significant increase in sales of prescription dermatology therapeutic drugs. Besides, the omnipresent polluted environment, busy lifestyle, global warming are affecting the quality of skin, has also been bolstering swift uptake of therapies that help to protect the skin and thwart damages. Regionally, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. North America and Europe dominate the global prescription dermatology therapeutics market with maximum share. However, Asia-Pacific region will gain market share due to robust demand from developing countries with fast-growing economies such as China, Japan, and India. The increasing awareness about organic products and the rising fortunes of the middle-class populace has facilitated a massive upsurge in the prescription dermatology therapeutics in this region. Some of the major market players of prescription dermatology therapeutics market include Allergan Inc., Bayer AG, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Genentech, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Merck & Company, Inc., Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, Pfizer, Inc., SkinMedica, Stiefel Laboratories, Inc. and Valeant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. Read Report – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/prescription-dermatolo… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vascular Trauma Management Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2017 – 2025 Next PostNext Automotive Lightweight Materials Market: Compliance to Stringent Regulations to Bolster Growth Search Recent Posts Key Trends of Global System-on-Chip (SoC) Market and analysis from 2017-2021 DiSa Digital Safety USA (DBA „DiSa”) is Awarded First Place at the 2017 (R)Tech Asset Protection: Innovation Awards by the Retail Industry Leaders Association („RILA”) Commerce Commission wins appeal in Budget Loans case Secured Signing Simplifies Access for Enterprise Customers GreenMP3, website that allows users convert YouTube content to mp3 in seconds, launches Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Immunotherapy Drugs Market to Reach $97.47 Billion with 14.3% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Global Immunotherapy Drugs market is accounted for $38.26 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $97.47 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.3% PUNE, INDIA, April 17, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary Global Immunotherapy Drugs market is accounted for $38.26 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $97.47 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.3%. In present scenario people are exposed to various harmful conditions which are affecting them through cancer and immunotherapy drugs are helping the people out. Rising cancer therapies coupled with lesser side effects are the factors provoking the market demand. Moreover high prevalence of lifestyle diseases are sustaining the market growth. However, high cost of therapy drugs is major factor restraining the market. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/674263-immunotherapy-drugs-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Monoclonal antibodies is accounted for largest market share while Checkpoint inhibitors is estimated to be the fastest growing segment on account of its less effect to normal cells compared to ordinary therapeutics. North America commanded the largest market share followed by Europe owing to large government funding in cancer techniques and R&D. Quick drug approvals is also a major factor helping the regional growth. Some of the key players of the Immunotherapy Drugs market include Aduro BioTech Inc, Agenus Inc, Amgen Inc., Bavarian Nordic A/S, Bellicum Pharmaceuticals Inc, Biogen Idec Inc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Celgene Corporation, DenDrit Biotech USA, ELI Lilly and Company, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ag, Galena Biopharma Inc, Genentech Inc, Glaxosmithkline Plc, Merck & Co., Inc., NewLink Genetics Corp., Novartis International Ag, Oxford BioTherapeutics Ltd., Seattle Genetics, Inc. and Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.. Drug Types Covered: • Checkpoint Inhibitors • Interferons • Interleukins • Monoclonal Antibodies • Vaccines Applications Covered: • Blood Cancer • Breast Cancer • Cervical Cancer • Gastric Cancer • Glioblastoma • Lung Cancer • Melanoma • Prostate Cancer Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/674263-immunotherapy-drugs-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 1 Executive Summary 2 Preface 2.1 Abstract 2.2 Stake Holders 2.3 Research Scope 2.4 Research Methodology 2.4.1 Data Mining 2.4.2 Data Analysis 2.4.3 Data Validation 2.4.4 Research Approach 2.5 Research Sources 2.5.1 Primary Research Sources 2.5.2 Secondary Research Sources 2.5.3 Assumptions 3 Market Trend Analysis 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers 3.3 Restraints 3.4 Opportunities 3.5 Threats 3.6 Product Analysis 3.7 Application Analysis 3.8 Emerging markets 4 Porters Five Force Analysis 4.1 Bargaining power of suppliers 4.2 Bargaining power of buyers 4.3 Threat of substitutes 4.4 Threat of new entrants 4.5 Competitive rivalry 5 Global Immunotherapy Drugs, By Type of Drugs 5.1 Introduction 5.2 Checkpoint Inhibitors 5.3 Interferons 5.4 Interleukins 5.5 Monoclonal Antibodies 5.6 Vaccines 6 Global Immunotherapy Drugs, By Application 6.1 Introduction 6.2 Blood Cancer 6.3 Breast Cancer 6.4 Cervical Cancer 6.5 Gastric Cancer 6.6 Glioblastoma 6.7 Lung Cancer 6.8 Melanoma 6.9 Prostate Cancer …… What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy Now https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=674263 Continued…. Norah Trent WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bipolar Disorder Therapeutic 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR Of 2.22% and Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Georgia Power Pulls Plug on Potential New Nuclear Generation, an Industrial Info News Alert Search Recent Posts Advanced Electronic Technologies for the intelligence community market is projected to reach US$ 35.34 Bn by 2023, CR Research Algae Products Market is expected to reach US$ 44.7 Bn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of more than 5.0% from 2016 to 2023: Credence Research World’s 1st Home Use Remote Control Lumbar/ Cervical Traction Bed by Lumbar Traction M’sia Angina Pectoris Treatment Market is expected to reach USD 12,589.6 Mn by 2022, expanding at a CAGR of 5.2% from 2016 to 2022: CR Report Strategies used by Apple that can help build small business Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Biopharmaceuticals Market Will Grow at 9.4% CAGR by 2020 Globally, the biopharmaceuticals market is witnessing significant growth due to increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, rising aging population, technological advancements in biopharmaceuticals, and increasing R&D investments. In addition, the capability of biopharmaceuticals to approach a particular target with high efficacy helps in the treatment of various chronic diseases and disorders. Biopharmaceuticals, such as monoclonal antibodies, hormones, cytokines, clotting factors, cell therapies, antisense drugs, recombinant insulin, and vaccines, have the potential to prevent, treat, and completely heal the diseases which are otherwise difficult to cure or have no available treatment. This, in turn, fuels growth of the biopharmaceuticals market. However, factors such as high costs of biopharmaceuticals, the risk of side–effects, and availability of low-cost biosimilars are restraining the growth of the global market for biopharmaceuticals. The global biopharmaceuticals market was valued at US$ 162 Bn in 2014 and is expected to reach US$ 278 Bn by 2020 at a CAGR of 9.4% during the forecast period. According to a new market report published by Persistence Market Research “Global Market Study on Biopharmaceuticals: Asia to Witness Highest Growth by 2020”, the global biopharmaceuticals market was valued at US$ 162 Bn in 2014 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 9.4% from 2014 to 2020, to reach an estimated value of US$ 278 Bn by 2020. Biopharmaceuticals are medicinal drugs, produced by isolation of the medicinal products from biological sources such as from animals, plants, humans and microorganisms, using biotechnological techniques such as recombinant DNA technology. They can also be produced using transgenic organisms, particularly animals and plants that have been genetically engineered to produce drugs. These drugs help in prevention and treatment of various diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, psoriasis, cardiovascular disease, anemia arising from chemotherapy, chronic renal failure, cancer, and diabetes. North America is the largest market for biopharmaceuticals. This is due to technological advancements in the region. The North America market for biopharmaceuticals was valued at US$ 64.7 Bn in 2014 and is expected to reach US$ 111.5 Bn by 2020 at a CAGR of 9.5% over the forecast period. In terms of type, monoclonal antibodies are the fastest growing segment. In terms of therapeutic application, oncology is the largest segment in the biopharmaceuticals market. Biopharmaceuticals have wide applications in the pharmaceutical industry. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/2827 One of the latest trends in the global biopharmaceuticals market is that of outsourcing, where biopharmaceutical companies are dependent on contract manufacturing organizations to produce a biopharmaceutical drug substance, which helps reducing investments for a new product launch. Request to view table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/biophar… Pfizer, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc., Sanofi, Amgen Inc., AbbVie Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Biogen Idec, Bayer AG, Eli Lilly and Company, and Novartis AG are leading players in the global biopharmaceuticals market. Some of the other players in the biopharmaceuticals market are GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, AstraZeneca PLC, and Abbott Laboratories. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious US$ 400 Million Opportunity in the Global Gamma Knife Market Next PostNext Neurostimulation Devices Market Will Grow at 12.7% CAGR by 2020 Search Recent Posts Solcon Industries的中压DriveStart在全球大获成功 Solcon Industries的中壓DriveStart在全球大獲成功 Killam Apartment REIT Completes Redemption of $46 Million of Convertible Debentures and $17 Million Property Disposition Warehouse to sell Newmarket property for $65 million Sink into Savings on H2O Brand Waterproof Flooring in Gonzales, LA, at Halpin’s Flooring America Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Biological Drugs Market Will Grow at 10.1% CAGR by 2020 Globally, the biological drugs market is witnessing significant growth due to the increasing prevalence of chronic diseases and growing geriatric population. In addition, health and awareness initiatives by various government associations are also supporting the growth of the biological drugs market. However, high costs of biological drugs and patent expiry of blockbuster drugs impede the growth of the biological drugs market. Moreover, risks of adverse effects associated with biologic injectable drugs also inhibit the growth of the market. According to a new market report published by Persistence Market Research “Global Market Study on Biological Drugs: North America to Witness Highest Growth By 2020”, the global biological drugs market was valued at US$ 161,056.5 Mn in 2014 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.1% from 2014 to 2020, to reach US$ 287,139.7 Mn by 2020. Biological drugs are typically derived from living cells and are used in the prevention and treatment of various diseases such as cancer, blood disorders, auto-immune diseases, and other medical disorders. Biological drugs have more complex structures compared to that of conventional drugs. The global biological drugs market is anticipated to grow from an estimated US$ 161,056.5 Mn in 2014 to US$ 287,139.7 Mn by 2020 at a CAGR 10.1% during the forecast period. North America dominates the global biological drugs market. This is due to increasing use of biological drugs in the treatment of diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and other chronic diseases in the region. In addition, several clinics in the region are focusing on biological drugs for the treatment of various diseases. The biological drugs market in Europe is growing due to increasing aging population in the region. For instance, according to a UN report, elderly people accounted for 23.2% of the total population in Germany in 2000, and the number is expected to reach 33.2% by 2025. Aging can lead to certain disorders such as age-related macular degeneration and glaucoma, which require effective biological drugs for their treatment. Request to view table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/medical… Low manufacturing costs in Asia are attracting biopharmaceutical companies to invest in the region, supporting the growth of the biological drugs market. Moreover, governments of some Asian countries are also supporting the growth of the biological drugs market by providing funds to life sciences research institutes and biotech companies for the construction of R&D and manufacturing facilities. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/2997 Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc., and Merck & Co., Inc. are some of the leading players in the global biological drugs market. Other major players in the market include Abbott Laboratories, Baxter International Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Eli Lilly and Company, Biogen Idec, and Amgen Inc. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Neurostimulation Devices Market Will Grow at 12.7% CAGR by 2020 Next PostNext E-Clinical Solution Software Market Will Grow at 13.8% CAGR by 2020 Search Recent Posts Get Ready for a Kindle New Release – The Fountain of Youth: A Wryte and Wong Mystery Instant Rebates on Home Flooring Coming Soon to Simi Valley, CA, Via the Home Makeover Sale Help Protect the Environment with Eco-Friendly Flooring Alternatives for Sale in Lake Orion, MI Center for Adoption Support and Education Honors a Former Congresswoman and an Award-Winning Journalist with a Star of Adoption Award at Annual Gala April 27 Eighteen25 Now Leasing in Downtown Houston Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Orphan Diseases Market – Bristol-Myers Squibb, Alexion, Sanofi, Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Merck & Co. and AbbVie Global orphan diseases market was estimated to be around US$ 121.6 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach US$ 576.9 billion by 2022 by growing at a CAGR of 24.9%. Market Highlight The global orphan diseases market has been evaluated to be rapidly growing market and it is expected that it will grow at tremendous rate in the future. Orphan diseases are mostly genetic and exists lifelong with the patient; they are also known as rare diseases and affects small number of patient population. About 80% of orphan disease disorders are genetic. Rising consumer awareness and continuous development of treatment for orphan diseases are driving the growth of this market. Major drugs manufacturers are looking positively towards the orphan disease drug segment and investing huge amount in R&D of the same. Many countries are forming norms and acts for the treatment and cure of orphan diseases. There are several factors which are prohibiting the growth of this market which includes extremely high cost of orphan disease treatment and drugs and absence of correct diagnosis, appropriate treatment, healthcare facilities, and information about the orphan disease disorders etc. Request for Sample Report@ www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2547 Regional Analysis: Depending on the geographic region, orphan diseases market is segmented into four key regions: Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. Considering the global scenario of the market, North America comprise the largest market share of the global orphan diseases market. Moreover the European market is also growing continuously and slowly catching up with the growth and volume of the American market and is expected to maintain this in the future as well. On the other hand, Asia-Pacific market is expected to grow at the fastest pace in the future. Rest of the World is likely to have a limited but steady growth with respect to this market. Key Player • Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (US) • Novartis AG (Switzerland) • CELGENE CORPORATION (US) • F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd (Switzerland) • Pfizer Inc. (US) • Alexion (US) • Sanofi (France) • Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (US) • GlaxoSmithKline plc. (UK) • Merck & Co., Inc (US) • AbbVie Inc. (US) Segmentation By Type – Genetic Disorders, Blood Disorders, Cancer, Growth Disorder, Cardiovascular Diseases, Neurological Disorders, Eye Disorders and Others By Type – Treatment Gene Therapy, Cell Therapy, Drug Therapy and Others By End User – Hospital and Clinics, Research Laboratory and Others By Region: North America, Asia-Pacific, Europe and Row Browse Full OD Market @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/orphan-diseases-mark… Taste the market data and market information presented in more than 78 market data tables and figures spread in 85 pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content (TOC) & market synopsis on “Orphan Diseases Market Research Report –Global Forecast to 2022.” Intended Audience • Hospitals and clinics • Orphan diseases drug manufacturers and suppliers • Government and independent regulatory authorities • Research and development (R&D) companies • Market research and consulting service providers • Medical research laboratories • Potential investors • Table of Content 1 Report Prologue 2 Market Introduction 3 Research Methodology 3.1 Research Process 3.2 Primary Research 4 Market Dynamics 4.1 Drivers 4.2 Restraints 5 Market Factor Analysis 5.1 Value/Supply Chain Analysis 5.2 Porter’s 5 Forces Analysis 5.3 Pricing Analysis 6 Global Orphan diseases Market Market, By Disease Type (USD Million) 6.1 Autoimmune Disorders 6.2 Genetic Disorders 6.3 Blood Disorders 6.4 Cancer 7 Chronic Disease Management Market, By Treatment Type (USD Million) 7.1 Gene Therapy 7.2 Drug Therapy 7.3 Drug Therapy 8 Global Chronic Disease Management Market, By End User (USD Million) 8.1 Hospitals and Clinics 8.2 Research Laboratories 9 Global Orphan Disease Market, By Region (USD Million) Continued…… About Market Research Future At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. Akash Anand Market Research Future Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Web: www.marketresearchfuture.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bristol-Myers Squibb and Nordic Bioscience Announce Collaboration for Fibrosis Biomarker Technology Next PostNext Haemodialysis Catheters Market Foreseen to Grow Exponentially Over 2016 – 2026 : Persistence Market Research Search Recent Posts Spike in Demand for Blood Gas and Electrolyte Analyzers Likely as Incidence of Critical Illnesses Increase in Europe and Middle East Global Data Center Construction Market 2017 – AECOM, Arup Group, Fluor Global Cycle Computer Market 2017 – Sigma Sport, Bryton Inc., Bioninc Global Wood Coating Market to Rise Due to the on-Going Construction Boom and Rise in Global Population Global 3D Scanner Market Has Been Valued at US $5.83 Billion by 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Living All Living Real Life Dear Deidre Fabulous Virals Sun Mums Health Sex Fashion and Beauty Food Mystic Meg Puzzles 'within months I was wheelchair-bound' Teenage girl with dreams of being an actress claims the HPV vaccine has left her battling chronic pain Chloe Brown, from Glasgow, believes the injection is responsible for her chronic pain   By George Harrison 16th April 2017, 3:32 pm Updated: 17th April 2017, 3:51 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments A TEENAGE girl who has been left wheelchair-bound claims her symptoms are linked to the controversial HPV jab. Chloe Brown, from Glasgow, was a bubbly and healthy 16-year-old, who had always dreamed of becoming an actress. SWNS:South West News Service 9 Chloe claims she has been left wheelchair-bound as a result of a HPV jab she received at school But she claims the human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine, which protects against cervical cancer, left her in chronic pain, shattering her dreams and leaving her wheelchair-bound and constantly fatigued. Chloe’s family blame the cancer-preventing jab, which she received at school, for her debilitating condition. But health experts have repeatedly dismissed any link between the jab and any serious side-effects. Chloe said: “This time last year I received the second part to my HPV vaccination and within a few months I was wheelchair-bound.” SWNS:South West News Service 9 Within a few months of the school vaccination, Chloe was left unable to walk without immense pain SWNS 9 Chloe’s family have had their lives turned upside-down by her condition The human papillomavirus (HPV) is the name for a group of viruses that can be sexually transmitted. Of the 100 strains, 30 can be passed on through unprotected sex, and are blamed for around 90 per cent of cervical cancer cases – as well as one in seven mouth cancers. Experts predict the jab, which is offered to all eligible teenagers aged 12 and 13 as part of the NHS childhood immunisation programme, could save hundreds of lives each year. But, Chloe and her family remain convinced her symptoms are down to the vaccine. The teenager said just months after having the jab she started suffering dizziness, headaches, fatigue and joint pain. As her condition worsened, Chloe’s muscles started to waste away and she was left in constant pain. SWNS:South West News Service 9 Chloe’s mum blames the debilitating condition on the controversial vaccine Most Read in Living Park life This classic sexual fantasy is becoming increasingly popular among horny Brits DEAR DEIDRE I'm crushed after hot young colleague decided to end our risqué affair The big O-no Four women open up on why they fake orgasms after study reveals Brit women fake it up to 10 MILLION times a week Great Sex-pectations Over two thirds of women love this kinky act and wish men would do it more DEAR DEIDRE I've been getting it on with my friend's fiancé after babysitting gig MYSTIC MEG April 18: Mars promises love plus commitment when a best friend makes a great introduction CAN YOU BARE IT? Beauty vlogger Vanessuhh Leanne shares graphic clip of her getting her NIPPLES PIERCED DADDY DAYCARE This dad of four’s Instagram page will make you feel a lot better about your own parenting problems 'I can turn alcohol into regret' Brutal, but hilarious, Facebook quips revealed in hilarious internet gallery GOTTA CATCH THEM ALL! The Pokemon GO Easter eggstravaganza is underway - here's the lowdown... HOT FUZZ Bearded woman embraces her facial hair despite trolls' cruel comments... and her boyfriend loves it Return to sender These are the strangest and most hilarious wrong number texts ever received 'Get over yourselves' Mum who slammed 'snobby' parents for flaunting flash prams hits back at her critics READY, SET, PASSOVER Ever wondered what Passover is all about? Here is the lowdown on today's religious festival LOOKING AHEAD This is when Easter 2018 falls and why the date changes each year 'I HOPE HE'S KICKING HIMSELF' Takeaway addict loses a staggering eight stone and finds new love after bitter split from fiancé BEDTIME STORIES Worst sex face ever? Mums reveal the strangest things their partners have done between the sheets LIFE OR DEATH This is the most dangerous time to give birth for mum AND baby, experts warn Eggstravaganza This is the reason why bunnies and eggs have become symbols of Easter celebrations Bad vibrations If you've ever felt a 'phantom vibration' from your phone then you may have a serious problem She said: “I have to battle chronic pain daily. “I’m in pain 24 hours a day, seven days a week — and I don’t know if I’ll ever get better. “I accepted the assurances that the vaccine is safe and any side effects rare and mild. “I can tell you that this is not true. “I don’t want to see another child and family suffer like we have had to.” SWNS:South West News Service 9 Chloe was taken to hospital, but there was no other explanation for her condition Chloe received her first jab at All Saints RC Secondary School in Glasgow in January 2015 and the second in February last year. Just three months later, she was out walking with her friends when she broke down in pain, which has continued despite the cocktail of painkillers she has been prescribed. Her mum, Pauline Terry, 50, said she has now had to quit her job as a part-time collection agent to look after her daughter. She said: “Chloe went into the children’s hospital on crutches and came out in a wheelchair. “She went from being a clever, active, bubbly, outgoing wee girl to being unable to do anything for herself.” WHAT IS THE HUMANPAPILLOMAVIRUS? HUMAN papillomavirus (HPV) is the name for a group of viruses that affect your skin and the moist membranes lining your body. There are more than 100 types of HPV. Around 30 types of HPV infection can affect the genital area. Genital HPV infections are common and highly contagious. They are spread during sexual intercourse and skin-to-skin contact of the genital areas. Infection from some types can cause genital warts – which is the second most common sexually transmitted infection (STI) in England. It can also cause abnormal tissue growth and other changes to cells within your cervix – which can sometimes lead to cervical cancer. Girls between the ages of 12 – 13 are offered the vaccination to help protect them against the type of HPV that can cause cervical cancer. SWNS:South West News Service 9 Before the jab, Chloe was a happy and healthy teenager Chloe had been cast in main roles in school productions, and had planned to study drama at the city’s prestigious Royal Conservatoire. But her condition means she is unable to attend school or pursue her dreams. While Chloe and her family blame her chronic pain on the vaccine, called Gardasil, medical professionals have defended its safety. But mum Pauline believes there is no other possible cause for Chloe’s condition. She added: “There was nothing else that had changed. “When we searched around for her symptoms we found several other girls that had gone through the same thing. “They were all active and healthy before the jab but then after they were in a similar condition to Chloe.” SWNS:South West News Service 9 The controversial HPV vaccine has been associated with other side-effects by parents   SWNS:South West News Service 9 Chloe, who dreamed of becoming an actor, has had her life ruined by the chronic condition Following the 2008 campaign to bring HPV vaccines to schools, rates of the cancer-causing virus have plummeted by 90 per cent in Scotland. A Scottish Government spokesman said: “The evidence which has been reviewed, and continues to be reviewed by the bodies from whom the Scottish Government and the other UK administrations take their advice, shows that the HPV vaccine has a good safety profile and is effective.” HPV VACCINE IS DESIGNED TO PROTECT AGAINST CERVICAL CANCER CERVICAL cancer is when the disease starts in the neck of the womb, otherwise known as the cervix. In 2014 there were 3,224 new cases – and 890 deaths, which means its the most common form of the disease in women under 35. Generally, it’s caused by persistent infections with the human papillomavirus (HPV), which is contracted through sex. Two strains of the HPV virus (HPV 16 and HPV 18) are known to be responsible for most cases, but most women who have them don’t develop cervical cancer. There are no obvious symptoms during the early stages of cervical cancer. However, vaginal bleeding can often be a tell-tale sign – especially if it occurs after sex, in between periods or after the menopause. That said, abnormal bleeding is not a definite sign of the condition – just a possible indicator. And a statement from the Medicines & Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHPR) said a recent review found no credible evidence of a link between the HPV vaccine and chronic pain. A spokesperson said: “The HPV vaccine is the most effective way for young girls and women to protect themselves against cervical cancer. “As with all vaccines, the safety of the HPV vaccine is under constant review. Every report of a suspected side effect is taken seriously. “Health authorities around the world, including UK experts, the World Health Organisation, the US Centre for Disease Control and the European Medicines Regulator have recently extensively reviewed the vaccine’s safety and have concluded that there is no credible evidence of a link between the HPV vaccine and a range of chronic illnesses.” SWNS 9 Chloe started feeling symptoms in the months after her HPV jab A spokeswoman for Merck Sharp & Dohme Limited, manufacturer’s of Gardasil, said: “Patient safety is MSD’s highest priority and we encourage people to self-report or report on behalf of others, any changes to their health which may or may not be medically confirmed. “These reports are taken extremely seriously and are used to monitor long-term safety, however, they do not necessarily prove a causal relationship with the vaccine, but provide MSD and health authorities with information and a line of enquiry for further investigation. “Gardasil is the result of over 10 years of research and development. “The safety of the vaccine has continued to be evaluated in several large post-license surveillance studies in more than one million people. “While no vaccine or medicine is completely without risk, leading international health organisations throughout the world continue to recommend routine HPV vaccination.” The Sun Topics Cancer Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular NIGHT MADDIE VANISHED Nanny working on night Maddie McCann disappeared reveals what REALLY happened - and recalls Kate and… News 'ALL OUT WAR' North Korea warns 'nuclear war could break out at any moment' as country vows to test missiles WEEKLY News LOCAL LOSER WHO SNAPPED Cleveland Facebook killer Steve Stephens is a 'creep' who leered at women and kept pet snake 'to… News what a boob Scarlett Moffatt ‘blasted by Jeremy McConnell’ as she goes topless in her former reality show TV & Showbiz Revealed Park life This classic sexual fantasy is becoming increasingly popular among horny Brits Living Exclusive IS THAT YOU, MEGAN? Megan McKenna looks unrecognisable in never before seen pictures from before she was famous TV & Showbiz Latest ‘I’LL KEEP KILLING UNTIL THEY CATCH ME’ Facebook gunman who shot dead grandad and boasted he killed 14 others after leaving… News Exclusive HIPPY CRAIC Conor McGregor's Aintree hotel suite left trashed and littered with nitrous oxide canisters after five days of… Sport CLUBBERS' ACID TERROR Towie stars and Jamie O'Hara's cousin among 12 revellers seriously injured in London nightclub acid… News Back to Square one EastEnders favourite Dean Gaffney set to return to Walford full-time after 14-year absence TV & Showbiz HELLO STRANGER James ‘Arg’ Argent shows weight loss in topless selfies as he reveals he’ll soon be home from Thai rehab TV & Showbiz Eye on the ball Brazilian footballers have a tough time concentrating as stunning lineswoman Denise Bueno officiates... with… Football Exclusive CAROL'S PIC STORM TV weather girl Carol Kirkwood targeted by online creeps who claim to have hacked intimate photos of her News HOT MESS Katie Price poses in her knickers as people tidy up her messy kitchen behind her TV & Showbiz THE ONE THAT GOT AWAY Newly-single Katy Perry flashes her underwear in sheer white dress at Coachella TV & Showbiz Just Published EYE DROP SHIFT HOPE Hope for night shift workers as discover secret to how your EYES affect your body clock Living The big O-no Four women open up on why they fake orgasms after study reveals Brit women fake it up to 10 MILLION times a week Living THIRST TIME FOR EVERYTHING Scientists discover wisdom that salty food makes you thirsty could be a MYTH Living MYSTIC MEG April 18: Mars promises love plus commitment when a best friend makes a great introduction Living Appy ever after Amount of time Brits spend using dating apps on their work phone doubles in the past year Living WORLD MIST OUT TO WARKS Foggy Warwickshire sunrise beats hundreds of spectacular snaps taken for Weather Watch comp Living step into summer From priming pins to getting a golden glow, follow our tips to banish worries over baring your body Living LOOKING AHEAD This is when Easter 2018 falls and why the date changes each year Living Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Infertility Services Market in US – Upsurge in Mergers and Acquisitions Infertility is the failure to achieve pregnancy after 12 months of unprotected intercourse. Infertility occurs due to the abnormal functioning of the female and male reproductive system. It can be treated with infertility drugs and through procedures such as artificial insemination, in-vitro fertilization, and surrogacy. Research analysts forecast the infertility services market in US to grow at a CAGR of 4.65% during the period 2017-2021. Request sample copy of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/244699 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the infertility services market in US for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the services carried out during treatment via infertility drugs and assisted reproductive technology (ART) services. Research report, Infertility Services Market in US 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Read more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/infertility-services-market-in-us-2017-2021 Key vendors CARE facility CooperSurgical Ferring Pharmaceuticals Monash IVF Merck Vitrolife Other prominent vendors AbbVie Apricus Biosciences AstraZeneca Auxogyn Eli Lilly EMD Serono IKS International InVitro Care INVO Bioscience Irvine Scientific LifeGlobal MedITEX NMC Health OB GYN Associates OvaScience Pantec Biosolutions Reproductive Medicine Associates of New Jersey The Sims Clinic TriHealth Virtus Health Xytex Cryo International Market driver Rising success rate of infertility treatments. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Limited reimbursements and lack of strict regulatory oversight. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Upsurge in mergers and acquisitions. For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Companies Mentioned: CARE facility, CooperSurgical, Ferring Pharmaceuticals, Monash IVF, Merck, Vitrolife, AbbVie, Apricus Biosciences, AstraZeneca, Auxogyn, Eli Lilly, EMD Serono, IKS International, InVitro Care, INVO Bioscience, Irvine Scientific, LifeGlobal, MedITEX, NMC Health, OB GYN Associates, OvaScience, Pantec Biosolutions, Reproductive Medicine Associates of New Jersey, The Sims Clinic, TriHealth, Virtus Health, Xytex Cryo International. Enquire more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/244699 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019   CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Healthcare, Infertility Services Market, Infertility Services Market growth, Infertility Services Market in US, Infertility Services Market Opportunities, Infertility Services Market Share, Infertility Services Market trends, Infertility Services MarketAnalysis, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rationalizing the Move Toward the Software-Defined Data Center to Achieve IT as a Service Next PostNext Protein Labeling Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts UN cultural agency promotes power of youth to preserve cultural heritage Earning your trust with contractual commitments to the General Data Protection Regulation Premier Of Gateway Arch Renovations Provides Big Incentives For Meeting, Event And Convention Planners CoBank to Redeem Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2022 on June 15, 2017 BIG3 Unveils Full Season Schedule Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Genitourinary Drugs Market Trends, Competitive Analysis, Research Report 2024 Genitourinary Drugs Market size is driven by increasing prevalence of genitourinary disorders, rising disposable incomes, and constant improvements in healthcare infrastructure over the forecast timeframe. Genitourinary Drugs Market size will witness a considerable growth over the forecast period.   Patients with diabetes are highly susceptible to suffer from urinary tract infections. Women are more disposed to this problem due to the short length of urethra that facilitates easier entry of microorganisms. Global prevalence of diabetes is projected to reach up to 552 million by 2030 from 366 million in 2011, as per the statistics by International Diabetes Federation. Tremendous growth in diabetes prevalence should also boost the demand for genitourinary drugs over the coming years. Request for an in-depth table of contents for this report @ https://www.gminsights.com/request-toc/upcoming/1382 Lack of therapy compliance and continual patent expirations may hamper the overall genitourinary drugs market growth. Invasion of a wide range of generics by major- and medium-sized pharmaceutical companies is likely to constrain the industry growth. Prostate cancer contributed to over 25% revenue share in 2015. A wide range of therapeutics, such as radiopharmaceuticals, immunotherapy medication, and anti-neoplastic agents, available to treat prostate cancer will drive this segment’s growth. According to National Cancer Institute (NCI), the total number of new prostate cancer cases between 2009 to 2013 were 129.4 per 100,000 men every year. Urinary Tract Infections (UTIs) affect more than 150 million people every year worldwide, resulting in direct healthcare expenses of over USD 6 billion. Around 2.4 percent of women and men will be detected with bladder cancer at some point during their lifetime. Hormonal therapy dominated the segment in 2015 due to increasing usage of medicines; however, anti-infective drugs should witness a healthy growth over the forecast period with increasing rate of urinary tract infections. The presence of an extensive drug pipeline for reproductive disorders in women may boost sales of the gynecological products over the coming years. U.S. genitourinary drugs market size held a large share of the global genitourinary drugs in 2015 due to robust healthcare infrastructure, growing awareness, and technological advancements in the development of genitourinary drugs. Browse key industry insights from the report, “Genitourinary Drugs Market Size, Industry Analysis Report, Regional Outlook (U.S., Germany, UK, Italy, Russia, China, India, Japan, South Korea, Brazil, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, UAE, South Africa), Application Growth Potential, Competitive Market Growth & Forecast, 2016 – 2024” in detail along with the table of contents: https://www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/genitourinary-drugs-market Canada genitourinary drugs market share is driving due to the burden of cancer disease in the country.  As per the Canadian Cancer Statistics in 2015, about 196,900 people diagnosed with cancer.The data is important  to focus on prevention efforts, in both primary prevention  and secondary prevention  of cancer, and allow more effective treatment of certain cancer through earlier detection. Europe genitourinary drugs market will witness a significant growth over the forecast timeframe. It was estimated that over 78% of the new cancer medicines that were introduced between 2010 and 2014 are available within the greater EU. In 2012, Germany’s GDP accounted for over USD 34,706.8 per capita, driving the industry growth. APAC should witness a lucrative growth during the forecast period owing to the increasing R&D in China and India, high disposable income, and growing awareness in these emerging countries. Some of the companies operating in this industry include Abbott Laboratories, Astellas, Bayer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly, Pfizer, Genentech, GlaxoSmithKline, Merck, Hoffman-La Roche, Immunex, and Ionis Pharmaceuticals. Make an inquiry for purchasing this report @ https://www.gminsights.com/inquiry-before-buying/1382 High R&D expenditure by global players will drive industry innovation. Industry participants are developing novel products to gain competitive market leverage over their peers. Companies are focusing on the implementation of strategies including mergers & acquisitions, new product development, and regional expansion. In October 2016, the U.S. FDA approved a supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) of Bristol-Myers Squibb, to enlarge the practice of Opdivo (nivolumab) to treat patients suffering from an advanced form of bladder cancer. Similarly, in June 2016, the U.S. National Surgical Adjuvant Breast and Bowel Project (NSABP) and Bayer, collaborated on a new Phase III trial to study Stivarga (regorafenib) tablets as an adjuvant therapy in colon cancer. Growing geographical presence of the industry players is expected to raise the awareness levels regarding treatment options for genitourinary diseases among the patients and the doctors. Browse Related Reports: Urinalysis Market Size, Industry Analysis Report, Regional Outlook (U.S., Germany, UK, Italy, Russia, China, India, Japan, South Korea, Brazil, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, UAE, South Africa), Application Development Potential, Price Trend, Competitive Market Share & Forecast, 2016 – 2023 https://www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/urinalysis-market About Global Market Insights: Global Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware, U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology. Contact Us: Arun Hegde Corporate Sales, USA Global Market Insights, Inc. Phone: 1-302-846-7766 Toll Free: 1-888-689-0688 Email: sales@gminsights.com Web: https://www.gminsights.com Blog: https://gminsights.wordpress.com Connect with us: Facebook | Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotech, Biotechnology, Genitourinary Cancer, Genitourinary Disorders, Genitourinary Drug, Genitourinary Drugs Market, Genitourinary Drugs Market Size, Genitourinary Medicine, Genitourinary System, Genitourinary Tract, Google News, Healtcare IT, Health and Fitness, Health Care Equipment, health-care services, Healthcare, medical devices, Medical Equipments, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Prostate cancer, satPRnews, Urinary Tract Infections Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EMEA Cider Market Perspective by Comprehensive Analysis, Growth Prediction to 2022 Next PostNext Emergency Spill Response Market 2017- Clean Harbors, Veolia Environnement, OSRL, Desmi A/S Search Recent Posts The Sun Sentinel Names One Park Financial a Winner of the South FL 2017 Top Workplaces Award NY Senate Honors High School Student’s Autism Fundraising Efforts MAG Aerospace Acquires Discovery Air Fire Services Gel Batteries Market Effect and Growth Factors Research and Projection in Europe, the Middle East and Africa 2017-2021 Fuse Seat Market Sales Overview, Growth Opportunities and Restraint in Europe, the Middle East and Africa to 2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Immunotherapy Drugs 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Summary Global Immunotherapy Drugs market is accounted for $38.26 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $97.47 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.3%. In present scenario people are exposed to various harmful conditions which are affecting them through cancer and immunotherapy drugs are helping the people out. Rising cancer therapies coupled with lesser side effects are the factors provoking the market demand. Moreover high prevalence of lifestyle diseases are sustaining the market growth. However, high cost of therapy drugs is major factor restraining the market. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/674263-immunotherapy-drugs-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Monoclonal antibodies is accounted for largest market share while Checkpoint inhibitors is estimated to be the fastest growing segment on account of its less effect to normal cells compared to ordinary therapeutics. North America commanded the largest market share followed by Europe owing to large government funding in cancer techniques and R&D. Quick drug approvals is also a major factor helping the regional growth. Some of the key players of the Immunotherapy Drugs market include Aduro BioTech Inc, Agenus Inc, Amgen Inc., Bavarian Nordic A/S, Bellicum Pharmaceuticals Inc, Biogen Idec Inc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Celgene Corporation, DenDrit Biotech USA, ELI Lilly and Company, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ag, Galena Biopharma Inc, Genentech Inc, Glaxosmithkline Plc, Merck & Co., Inc., NewLink Genetics Corp., Novartis International Ag, Oxford BioTherapeutics Ltd., Seattle Genetics, Inc. and Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.. Drug Types Covered: • Checkpoint Inhibitors • Interferons • Interleukins • Monoclonal Antibodies • Vaccines Applications Covered: • Blood Cancer • Breast Cancer • Cervical Cancer • Gastric Cancer • Glioblastoma • Lung Cancer • Melanoma • Prostate Cancer Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/674263-immunotherapy-drugs-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 1 Executive Summary 2 Preface  2.1 Abstract 2.2 Stake Holders 2.3 Research Scope 2.4 Research Methodology 2.4.1 Data Mining 2.4.2 Data Analysis 2.4.3 Data Validation 2.4.4 Research Approach 2.5 Research Sources 2.5.1 Primary Research Sources 2.5.2 Secondary Research Sources 2.5.3 Assumptions 3 Market Trend Analysis  3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers 3.3 Restraints 3.4 Opportunities 3.5 Threats 3.6 Product Analysis 3.7 Application Analysis 3.8 Emerging markets 4 Porters Five Force Analysis  4.1 Bargaining power of suppliers 4.2 Bargaining power of buyers 4.3 Threat of substitutes 4.4 Threat of new entrants 4.5 Competitive rivalry 5 Global Immunotherapy Drugs, By Type of Drugs  5.1 Introduction 5.2 Checkpoint Inhibitors 5.3 Interferons 5.4 Interleukins 5.5 Monoclonal Antibodies 5.6 Vaccines 6 Global Immunotherapy Drugs, By Application  6.1 Introduction 6.2 Blood Cancer 6.3 Breast Cancer 6.4 Cervical Cancer 6.5 Gastric Cancer 6.6 Glioblastoma 6.7 Lung Cancer 6.8 Melanoma 6.9 Prostate Cancer  …… What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy Now https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=674263 Continued…. Contact info Contact Us: sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesUncategorized TagsGlobal Immunotherapy Drugs Industry, Global Immunotherapy Drugs Market Share, Global Immunotherapy Drugs Market Trends, Google News, Immunotherapy Drugs, Immunotherapy Drugs Growth, Immunotherapy Drugs Industry, Immunotherapy Drugs Industry Trends, Immunotherapy Drugs Manufacturer, Immunotherapy Drugs Market growth, Immunotherapy Drugs Market Size, Immunotherapy Drugs Market Trends, medical devices, Medical Imagine Techniques, Pharmaceutical, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious La livraisons de modules cumulées de JA Solar vers l’Inde atteignent 1 GW Next PostNext Global Lead Acid Battery Market worth $81.25 Billion by 2022 – Orbis Research Search Recent Posts Ribbon Cutting Scheduled for Route T/Route 17 Project Butler County Route CC Closed for Pipe Replacement Dr. Rita Valentino to lead NIDA’s neuroscience and behavior division Label-free Array Systems Market sales by product type, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate by 2022 Nothing But Nets Champions Head to Washington to Advocate in the Fight Against Malaria Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews 2017 ALL Vaccine Report on Global and United States Market, Status 2022 Summary Orbis Research Present’s 2017-2022 ALL Vaccine Report on Global and United States Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications And has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. Description The ALL Vaccine market status and outlook of global and United States, from angles of players, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyzes the top players in global and United States market, and splits the ALL Vaccine market by product type and applications/end industries. The global ALL Vaccine market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Asia-Pacific will occupy for more market share in following years, especially in China, also fast growing India and Southeast Asia regions. North America, especially The United States, will still play an important role which cannot be ignored. Any changes from United States might affect the development trend of ALL Vaccine. United States plays an important role in global market, with market size of xx million USD in 2016 and will be xx million USD in 2022, with a CAGR of XX. Get a PDF Sample of ALL Vaccine Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/256568 . Geographically, this report is segmented into several key regions, with sales, revenue, market share (%) and growth Rate (%) of ALL Vaccine in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States North America Europe Asia-Pacific South America Middle East and Africa The major players in global and United States ALL Vaccine market, including Pfizer, Inc., Glaxosmithkline, PLC., Merck & Co., Inc., Novarits, Sanofi Pasteur, CSL Limited, Emergent Biosolutions, Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Medimmune, LLC. (A Subsidiary of Astrazeneca), Astellas Pharma Inc., Mitsubishi Tanabe, Dynavax Technologies, Novavax Place a Purchase Order for this Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/256568 . The On the basis of product, the ALL Vaccine market is primarily split into Vaccinia Measles, mumps, rubella Varicella Influenza Rotavirus Zoster Yellow Fever Polio Hepatitis A Rabies BCG Diphtheria, tetanus Hepatitis B Haemophilus influenzae type b Pertussis Human papillomavirus Meningococcal Pneumococcal On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers For Adult For Child No. of Report Pages:  132 Got any Query? Feel free to ask us at : http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/256568     About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 CategoriesUncategorized TagsALL Vaccine industry, ALL Vaccine market, ALL Vaccine market Report, ALL Vaccine market Trend, ALL Vaccine Report on Global and United States Market, Google News, satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cancer Vaccines Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Next PostNext 2017-2022 Metabolic Cart Report on Global and United States Market Search Recent Posts Global Beard Trimmer Market Share, Size, Trends and Forecast by 2022 – Orbis Research Polyisoprene Elastomers Market to Incur Rapid Extension During 2015 to 2021 CAPREIT Announces April 2017 Distribution Global Wave Group Celebrates 10 Year Anniversary with the Release of its new Client Portal Solution Beyond Meat Issues Allergy Alert on Undeclared Peanut in Beyond Meat Feisty Crumbles Proudly powered by WordPress
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Cleveland police hunt for man in Facebook murder Former Trump aide advises Chinese tycoon on building contracts US warns North Korea not to test Donald Trump’s resolve Erdogan declares victory in Turkey referendum US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Cleveland police hunt for man in Facebook murder Former Trump aide advises Chinese tycoon on building contracts US warns North Korea not to test Donald Trump’s resolve IMF warnings of US protectionism ‘rubbish’, says Ross Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Price war expected to hit Verizon and AT&T profits Formula One’s new owners hit back at Bernie Ecclestone jibe Support builds for watered-down version of Glass-Steagall law Klaus Kleinfeld quits Arconic after battle with Elliott Foxconn seeks Apple’s backing for Toshiba memory business bid Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Will the French election shake the euro and markets? French presidential elections, Unilever results, IMF and World Bank meetings Euro volatility soars to highest levels since Brexit vote Exchange traded funds attract record inflows in first quarter Wall Street opens firmer as haven buying eases Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Donald Trump, Kim Jong Un and the risk of nuclear miscalculation Private equity bets big on software Chinese buyers fuel Brooklyn real estate boom India’s young are fretting about their futures American farm belt anxious about Trump trade threats Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout Business school students find voices in an age of protest How workers can profit by taking control of technology The new back office: inside Goldman Sachs’ Bangalore hub Burger King activates a Google Home controversy Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump Watch it while it lasts: our golden age of television The power brokers behind Brexit: Nick Timothy and Martin Selmayr Unusual homes for young professionals, from yurts to horseboxes Six homes for sale with designer interiors Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Special Report Neglected Tropical Diseases Explore the whole Special Report Currently reading: More engagement on neglected tropical diseases needed from drugmakers Syria’s ‘Aleppo boil’ spreads with refugees through the region A mysterious leishmaniasis outbreak in Spain Chagas disease: The Brazilian forest bites back Leprosy: India’s hidden plague Pioneering surgery on the plains of Western China Snail fever: the threat in Suriname’s water See all 14 stories Neglected tropical diseases Add to myFT More engagement on neglected tropical diseases needed from drugmakers Pharma companies must share intellectual property to spur the development of new treatments In their hands: drugmakers say they are under commercial pressure, but critics say they could do more to share resources © Graham Jepson Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save April 18, 2017 by: Gonzalo Viña In 2012, the London Declaration on neglected tropical diseases targeted 10 of the 17 diseases then prioritised by the World Health Organisation. The hope among the drugmakers, government agencies and aid groups that signed the declaration was that these diseases would be classed as “under control” by 2020, with lymphatic filariasis, blinding trachoma, leprosy and sleeping sickness eliminated as public health problems and guinea worm disease eradicated. But while the signatories pledged more than 5bn drug doses and nearly $18bn, finding the resources to develop new diagnostic tools and treatments has proved difficult. Some fear the goals will probably not be met. Médecins Sans Frontières, the medical relief organisation, said last year “significant gaps” in the availability of drugs had resulted in “preventable” deaths in as many as 60 countries. “The predominant model of the pharma industry does not incentivise them to pour resources into the development of new drugs for neglected diseases, so an adaptation of the model is required,” says Julien Potet, a policy adviser on NTDs and vaccines at MSF in Paris. The problems are manifold: commercial pressures on drugmakers continue to limit the amount of money they are prepared to devote to tackling tropical diseases. Campaigners say more could also be done to share resources, expertise and, crucially, intellectual property to spur the development of new treatments. Where pharma companies have been reluctant to invest in the development of new treatments, public and philanthropic donors have stepped in to “de-risk” the often large upfront costs of developing and testing drugs. The Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative (DNDI), which MSF helped to establish in 2003 to drive research and development in the sector, is one example. Potet questions the $1bn average price tag the industry attaches to developing a new treatment. He says the DNDI has brought six new treatments to the market at a cost of about $200m, to treat Chagas disease and sleeping sickness among others. The DNDI plans to deliver as many as 18 new treatments by 2023 for €650m, he says, as it attempts to encourage companies to open up their intellectual property libraries so that secret drug molecule structures can be shared without being revealed to competitors. Serge Sagodira, the DNDI’s director of business development, says developing treatments for neglected tropical diseases requires this collaboration in way that is not needed for other diseases. “Working on parasites is not the same as working on oncology or diabetes,” he says. “When you start the discovery programme you don’t have the same chance of success, so you need to increase your efforts by tapping into pharma companies’ libraries.” Mapping the areas where a disease is prevalent and developing cheap, innovative diagnostic tools has been another challenge, says Larry Slutsker, who leads the malaria and neglected tropical diseases programmes at Path, a California-based non-profit organisation. He predicts “some potential big successes in the next five to 10 years” and “game-changing” breakthroughs that may be one or two years away to block the transmission of lymphatic filariasis, for example. By adding one more drug to the treatment, he says, “it looks like you can dramatically shorten the time from transmission to interruption”. Similarly, diagnosis work on sleeping sickness has seen progress thanks to funding from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and could be eliminated within five years, Slutsker says. Prospects for other diseases are less positive. Onchocerciasis, or river blindness, will continue to afflict Africa, he says, while soil-transmitted helminthiases and schistosomiasis (or snail fever) will remain prevalent given that they are worsened by poor sanitation, which remains a problem both in the developing world and in poor communities in richer nations. For all the difficulties, Jayasree Iyer, who heads the Access to Medicine Foundation in the Netherlands, says she has seen examples of positive engagement by pharma companies in recent years, such as AbbVie. Others, including Astellas Pharma, together with TI Pharma, Merck and the Swiss Tropical and Public Health Institute, have refined their treatments for diseases such as schistosomiasis. In 2014, Bayer granted permission for the DNDI to use its active ingredient emodepside to develop an oral drug to treat onchocerciasis. Generic drugmakers also have a role to play in making off-patent, high-quality treatments available to poor countries at more affordable prices. Sandoz, the generics arm of Switzerland’s Novartis, aims to get its treatments to 1bn people over the next few years, almost doubling its reach since 2016. But, notes chief executive Richard Francis: “[Efforts have] to be sustainable. We don’t go into a population with a treatment and then say we can’t really afford this. I’d rather not go in.” Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save READ MORE Syria’s ‘Aleppo boil’ spreads with refugees through the region Explore the Special Report ABOUT THIS Special Report Neglected tropical diseases affect more than a billion people. These diseases of the poor are notorious for their disabling symptoms. Progress has been slow, but the drug industry and communities are redoubling efforts to eliminate treatable conditions Currently reading: More engagement on neglected tropical diseases needed from drugmakers Syria’s ‘Aleppo boil’ spreads with refugees through the region A mysterious leishmaniasis outbreak in Spain Chagas disease: The Brazilian forest bites back Leprosy: India’s hidden plague Pioneering surgery on the plains of Western China Snail fever: the threat in Suriname’s water See all 14 stories Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search What Specialties Earned the Most in 2016? HealthLeaders Media CMS Rule on ACA Marketplaces Helps Insurers iMedicalApps: Helping Developers Create HIPAA-Compliant Apps CardioBreak: Single Blood Test Rapidly Rules Out MI in Chest Pain FDA Says 'No' to Baricitinib for Rheumatoid Arthritis LATEST MEDICAL NEWS HIV/AIDS cme/ce Pitavastatin Bests Pravastatin In HIV+ Adults with Dyslipidemia Trial showed superiority in lowering LDL MedpageToday savesaved register today Earn Free CME Credits by reading the latest medical news in your specialty.sign up by Molly Walker Staff Writer, MedPage Today April 17, 2017 This article is a collaboration between MedPage Today® and: Action Points Note that this randomized trial of individuals with HIV and dyslipidemia found that pitavastatin was superior to pravastatin in terms of LDL lowering. Both pitavastatin and pravastatin are considered "weak" statins, though they do not require dose-adjustment with most HIV medications. Pitavastatin (Livalo) was superior to pravastatin (Pravachol) in lowering fasting serum LDL cholesterol concentrations among adults with HIV and dyslipidemia, according to a study funded by pitavastatin's manufacturer. After 12 weeks, patients on pitavastatin had a significant reduction in LDL cholesterol levels compared to patients in the pravastatin group (-31.1% versus -20.9%, respectively, least mean squares difference -9.8%, 95% CI -13.8 to -5.9, P<0.0001), reported Judith A. Aberg, MD, of Mount Sinai in New York City, and colleagues. The pitavastatin group exhibited significantly greater reductions in other atherogenic variables, such as non-HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein B, compared to the pravastatin group, the authors wrote in The Lancet HIV. They noted that dyslipidemia may occur in up to 80% of individuals infected with HIV. Due to their excess cardiovascular risk, people living with HIV require "tailored cardiovascular disease prevention strategies," the authors said. "The use of statins in the setting of ART has been challenging because of drug interactions, which are sometimes unpredictable, leading to intolerance or reduced efficacy," the authors wrote. They said that unlike other statins -- such as simvastatin, lovastatin, and atorvastatin, which are contraindicated or require a dose reduction with protease inhibitors -- pitavastatin and pravastatin have no such restrictions. They characterized pravastatin as a "commonly used drug" for dyslipidemia in people living with HIV, but noted that a prior non-inferiority study found pitavastatin produced significantly greater LDL reductions compared with pravastatin among elderly adults without HIV. An accompanying editorial by Philip E. Tarr, MD, of the University of Basel, and Helen Kovari, MD, of the University of Zurich -- both in Switzerland -- wrote that pitavastatin is considered "a weaker LDL-lowering drug" compared to atorvastatin and rosuvastatin and that pravastatin is considered a similar "relatively weak statin." The editorialists added that they were "reassured by the efficacy of pitavastatin" in this trial, and while noting the study was "fully funded, implemented and [analyzed] by the manufacturers of pitavastatin," they called it "well conducted." The INTREPID (HIV-infected Patients and TReatment with PItavastatin versus pravastatin for Dyslipidemia) study recruited adults ages 18-70 years from multiple sites in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. They had "controlled HIV" (defined as CD4 counts >200 cells per µL and HIV-1 RNA <200 copies per µL), antiretroviral therapy for at least 6 months and dyslipidemia. Patients were randomized to either receive 4 mg of pitavastatin or 40 mg of pravastatin and matching placebos once daily over the course of 12 weeks, with a 40 week safety extension. Patients were a mean age of 50 years, and 86% were men. The mean duration of HIV infection was 12.6 years, and 10% of patients had hepatitis B or C co-infection. Overall, 224 patients completed 12 weeks of the study and 190 completed all 52 weeks. Twenty-seven patients in the pitavastatin group and 35 in the pravastatin group who discontinued due to adverse events. The authors characterized the trial as "the only randomized, double-blind statin trial versus an active comparator" in patients with both HIV infection and dyslipidemia. Overall, the pitavastatin group had a significant reduction in LDL cholesterol compared to baseline during the first 12 weeks of the study versus the pravastatin group. Those benefits continued throughout the entire 52 week study period, the authors said (least mean squares treatment difference -8.4%, 95% CI -13.1 to -3.6, P=0.0007). These differences remained significant even after adjusting for study site, hepatitis B and C coinfection, and certain types of ART (efavirenz and ritonavir). The authors found significant reductions in non-HDL cholesterol (-26.9% pitavastatin versus -18.7% pravastatin) and apolipoprotein B, an important component of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease (-23.3% versus -16.5%, respectively) after 12 weeks, and those reductions remained significant after 52 weeks. There were no significant between-group differences in changes in apolipoprotein A, triglycerides, HDL cholesterol or high-sensitivity C-reactive protein levels. There was also no significant difference in CD4 cell counts or HIV-1 RNA levels between groups. Adverse events occurred in 85 of 126 patients in the pitavastatin group and 88 of 126 patients in the pravastatin group. Overall, 60% of adverse events were mild and 29% were moderate. Diarrhea was the most common with pitavastatin (12 patients) and upper respiratory tract infection was the most common with pravastatin (14 patients). There were eleven treatment-emergent adverse events in seven patients in the pitavastatin group, including atrial septal defects, COPD, chest pain and transient ischemic events and gastrointestinal-related events, such as diverticulitis, gastroenteritis, and enterovescical fistula. There were four events in three patients in the pravastatin group, including cerebrovascular accident, arteriosclerosis coronary artery and myocardial infarction. Limitations to the data included that women and African Americans living with HIV were underrepresented in the study population and that patients on darunavir were excluded due to its potential interaction with pravastatin. Editorialists Tarr and Kovari also argued that "we do not know yet whether statin treatment translates into meaningful clinical benefits in people with HIV," because conclusive data that statins reduce cardiovascular event rates are not yet available. They pointed to an ongoing study that hopes to answer these questions. The REPRIEVE trial, which will randomize 6,500 adults with HIV and without known cardiovascular disease risk to receive pitavastatin or placebo during 6 years of follow-up. This study was funded by Kowa Pharmaceuticals America and Eli Lilly. Kowa Research Institute paid the AIDS Research Consortium of Atlanta for the conduct of the trial described in this manuscript. Aberg disclosed support from Kowa, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Gilead Sciences, Janssen, Merck, and ViiV Healthcare. Other co-authors disclosed employment with Kowa Pharmaceuticals, Eli Lilly and Kowa Research Institute and support from ViiV Healthcare, Gilead Sciences, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Janssen, Merck Sharp & Dohme, Pfizer Inc, Roche Molecular Systems, Taimed Inc, Tobira Therapeutics and GlaxoSmithKline. Reviewed by F. Perry Wilson, MD, MSCE Assistant Professor, Section of Nephrology, Yale School of Medicine and Dorothy Caputo, MA, BSN, RN, Nurse Planner 2017-04-17T14:00:00-0400 Primary Source The Lancet HIV Source Reference: Aberg JA, et al "Pitavastatin versus pravastatin in adults with HIV-1 infection and dyslipidaemia (INTREPID): 12 week and 52 week results of a phase 4, multicentre, randomised, double-blind superiority trial" Lancet HIV 2017; DOI: 10.1016/S2352-3018(17)/30075-9. Secondary Source The Lancet HIV Source Reference: Tarr PE, Kovari H "Another statin option in HIV" Lancet HIV 2017; DOI: 10.1016/S2352-2018(17)30072-3. take posttest 0 comments More in HIV/AIDS Pitavastatin Bests Pravastatin In HIV+ Adults with Dyslipidemia HIV Pioneer Mark Wainberg Dies Biomarker Opens New Door in HIV Cure Research Women Leading the Fight Against HIV (STAT News) About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News MMR Vaccines Market: Industry Size, Share, Analysis and Forecast 2021 | Hexa Research Fact-based market research, penetrating industry insights and validated forecasts to help you make better decisions for a stronger future Global Research on MMR Vaccines Market Size, Market Share, Application Analysis, Regional Outlook, Growth, Trends, Competitive Scenario and Forecasts 2021 MMR vaccine is also known as MPR vaccine. It is an immunization vaccine against measles, mumps and rubella. It is a mixture of live attenuated viruses of the three diseases, administered via injection. The measles, mumps and rubella (MMR) vaccine is recommended for all children. It protects against three potentially serious illnesses. It is a two-part vaccination, and in most states, you must prove your children have gotten it before they can enter school. If you are an adult who has not had the vaccination or the diseases, you may need the MMR vaccine. Browse Details of the Report@ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/mmr-vaccines-market The global MMR vaccines market is expected to grow during the forecast period. The major factor driving the growth of this market are high prevalence of diseases, rising government and non-government funding for MMR vaccine development, increasing investments by companies and increasing focus on immunization programs. The MMR vaccine is generally administered to children around the age of one year, with a second dose before starting school (i.e. age 4/5). The second dose is a dose to produce immunity in the small number of persons (2-5%) who fail to develop measles immunity after the first dose. Disease indication, included in the vaccines market are pneumococcal disease, influenza, diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis (DTP), hepatitis, rotavirus, varicella, meningococcal disease, polio, measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR), human papilloma virus (HPV) infection, and others. The pneumococcal disease segment is expected to account for the largest share of the global vaccines market in 2016. High incidence of pneumococcal infections is driving the growth of this market. Related Reports @ Medicine Cabinets Market Polio Vaccines Market The key target audience for global MMR vaccines market are vaccine manufacturers, vaccine research institutes, clinical laboratories, vaccine associations, research and consulting firms, vaccine product distributors, group purchasing organizations, vaccine raw material suppliers, immunization centers, vaccine development institutes and organizations, hospitals and laboratories, biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies. The global MMR vaccines market is segmented on the basis of product, application and geography. On the basis of product, the global MMR vaccines market is segmented into monovalent vaccines and multivalent vaccines. The segment “monovalent vaccines” is expected to account for the largest share of this market. The large share of the market is attributed to rising prevalence of diseases and increasing government and non-government initiatives for vaccine R&D activities. On the basis of application, the global MMR vaccines market is segmented into pediatrics, adolescents, adults, elderly and so on. On the basis of geography, the global MMR vaccines market is segmented into North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America and Middle East & Africa. Growth in the North America region is primarily driven by government initiatives for immunization against diseases such as influenza and HPV in the North America countries. The key players of global MMR vaccines market are Astellas Pharma Inc., CSL Limited, Emergent BioSolutions Inc., GlaxoSmithKline, Medlmmune LLC, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & CO, Pfizer, Sanofi Pasteur, Serum Institute and India Pvt. Ltd. Browse Related Category Reports @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/pharmaceuticals-industry About Us: Hexa Research is a market research and consulting organization, offering industry reports, custom research and consulting services to a host of key industries across the globe. We offer comprehensive business intelligence in the form of industry reports which help our clients obtain clarity about their business environment and enable them to undertake strategic growth initiatives. More information @ www.hexaresearch.com Media Contact Company Name: Hexa Research Contact Person: Ryan Shaw Email: Send Email Phone: +1-800-489-3075 Address:Felton Office Plaza, 6265 Highway 9 City: Felton State: California Country: United States Website: www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/mmr-vaccines-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Science, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious World Off-the-Shelf Gearbox and Drives Market 2020: Industry Analysis, Geographical Segmentation, Drivers, Challenges, Trend & Forecast Next PostNext InvenTrust Properties Corp. to Relocate Corporate Headquarters to Highland Landmark II Building in Downers Grove, IL Search Recent Posts Antiviral Drugs Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Diabetic Food Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Announcing new leadership for Achmea Australia Erythropoietin Drug Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Breaking News: Wholesale Lending Fair is Back, June 28, 2017, at Caesar’s in AC, Exhibit Booths Now Available Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Pumping Up the Global Statins Market by 2022 Statins are special class of drugs that helps in lowering of blood cholesterol level in the body. This is prescribed to lower down the low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol in the body and thus reduce mortality in high risk patients. Demand for statins is long driven by increasing healthcare awareness among common masses. In U.S., over 500,000 people suffers heart attack every year. Though cholesterol level is easy to maintain provided one follow healthy diet, sedentary lifestyle has been a major challenge for over last several years. As such, over quarter of the Americans in U.S. take statins to lower down the cholesterol level. Over the past few years, statins market has proved to be a lucrative and profitable market, especially for players that are focused on it. Consumption of statins is quite high among geriatrics population. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3038 Rise in prevalence of cholesterol owing to changing lifestyle has led to increased demand for statins worldwide. As per the WHO, Europe followed by North America has witnessed highest elevated total cholesterol level worldwide. There has been a significant rise in patients with obesity, cardiovascular diseases and diabetes which in turn is expected to drive the demand for statins worldwide. In North America, over 70% American adults are suffering from LDL cholesterol. As such, demand for effective treatment of LDL cholesterol has led to increased demand of statins globally. Furthermore, increase in healthcare expenditure in emerging regions along with technological advancement, modern healthcare amenities, and various cholesterol related healthcare campaign is expected to boost overall demand for stains worldwide. Though the market is poised to grow at a significant rate, increasing preference for alternative medicines in emerging regions is proving a major challenge for overall growth of the stains market. Degrading socioeconomic conditions is another key restraint for this market. The statins market is expected to witness healthy CAGR during the forecast period. With rapid technological advancement and innovation, statins market is expected to grow globally. North America and Europe are the largest market for statins while Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market during the forecast period. The statins market is expected to register a significant CAGR during the forecast period. Depending on geographic regions, statins market is segmented into seven key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa (MEA). The statins market is led by North America followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. North America statins market is expected to expand slowly when compared to Asia Pacific. Latin America and MEA are expected to witness moderate growth during the forecast period. Increase in incidence rate of obesity and cardiovascular related disorders in emerging regions along with changes in healthcare regulatory regimes in some of these regions is expected to boost overall demand for statins in developing regions. Many companies are focusing on strengthening their distribution networks in Asia Pacific to expand their market presence as well as increase their profit pools over the next few years. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/3038 Some of the key market players for statins market are AstraZeneca plc, Pfizer Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Novartis International AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Biocon, Concord Biotech, and Aurobindo Pharma Ltd. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Pharmaceutical Packaging Equipment Market Rises Higher by 2020 Next PostNext Global Hair Care Market On the Rise by 2020 Search Recent Posts Bangladesh and World Bank Partner together to Strengthen E-governance and Improve Dhaka’s Air Quality Global Gas Spring Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Network Camera Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2017 – 2025 Network Camera Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2017 – 2025 Carotenoids Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market Revenue and Value Chain 2016-2026 Brain tumors is one of the leading cause of cancer which is common among children and teenagers. Glioblastoma (GBM) is most common grade four tumor, is malignant and contains dead tumor cells. It is also called as Glioblastoma multiforme, it has variants of giant cell Glioblastoma and gliosarcoma found in cerebral hemisphere of brain. The exact cause of this tumor is not known but is also found in spinal cord and represents about 15.4% of all primary brain tumors. Glioblastoma is also difficult to treat because of number of different types of cells and thus combines various treatment plans combined. The drugs involved in treating glioblastoma are antineoplastic orcytotoxic drugs. There is significant development in chemotherapy drugs to treat the malignant tumors and each year there are new drugs in the market to overcome the blood-brain barrier. Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market: Drivers & Restraints Glioblastoma is a complicated disease and thus the treatment for it involves various approaches combining various treatments which is the major market driver for Glioblastoma treatment drugs market. Treating such tumors is a challenge which forces the researchers to look for diagnosis and newer chemotherapy drugs. Changing demography, access to healthcare facilities and financial demands are some factors which are lagging in the further developments of glioblastoma. Gaining better understanding of this disease and efficient treatment will improvise which is only possible through developments in molecular mechanisms, clinical trials leading to more promising and tailored therapeutic approaches. Request For Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1248 Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market: Segmentation The Glioblastoma treatment drugs market can be segmented on the basis of drug class and distribution channel. Based on the drug class the Glioblastoma treatment drugs market can be segmented into following: Antineoplastic VEGF/VEGFR Inhibitors Alkylating Agents Miscellaneous Antineoplastic Based on the distribution channel the glioblastoma treatment drug market can be segmented into following: Hospitals Cancer Research Organizations Long Term Care Centers Diagnostic Centers Glioblastoma Treatment DrugsMarket: Overview The market for Glioblastoma treatment drugs will grow significantly as the increasing cases of glioblastoma where doctors are looking for newer drugs and treatment methods to overcome the disease. ‘Quality of life’ has become an essential factor in the survival of cancer patients which is driving the market for new drug development methods with different approaches. It is a leading cause of cancer in children and males it is mostly encountered in the developed economies as U.S, U.K and Asian countries. There are various organizations which are supporting Glioblastoma patients and efforts are being taken to improvise the treatments related to it. Glioblastoma Treatment DrugsMarket: Region-wise Outlook Worldwide, there are an estimated 240,000 cases related to brain cancer and Glioblastoma is most common and lethal disease. Every year in U.S there are about 18000 people diagnosed with GBM and in European countries 25000 cases therefore there is prime incidences of this disease. More treatments are coming forward which can be used alone or in combination with radiotherapy and chemotherapy, but there are chances of reappearance. For long term survival of in glioblastoma, there are newer combination therapies studied and various clinical trials are in order to fight against these disease. Visit For TOC@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1248 Glioblastoma TreatmentDrugs Market: Key Players The key players for the Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market are F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Sandoz, Arbor Pharms LLC., Emcure Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company and Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: Future Market Insights 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Service Laboratory Market Shares, Strategies and Forecast Worldwide, 2016 to 2026 Next PostNext Explore Authorized Generics Market Business Strategies and Opportunities by 2024 Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market Revenue and Value Chain 2016-2026 Brain tumors is one of the leading cause of cancer which is common among children and teenagers. Glioblastoma (GBM) is most common grade four tumor, is malignant and contains dead tumor cells. It is also called as Glioblastoma multiforme, it has variants of giant cell Glioblastoma and gliosarcoma found in cerebral hemisphere of brain. The exact cause of this tumor is not known but is also found in spinal cord and represents about 15.4% of all primary brain tumors. Glioblastoma is also difficult to treat because of number of different types of cells and thus combines various treatment plans combined. The drugs involved in treating glioblastoma are antineoplastic orcytotoxic drugs. There is significant development in chemotherapy drugs to treat the malignant tumors and each year there are new drugs in the market to overcome the blood-brain barrier. Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market: Drivers & Restraints Glioblastoma is a complicated disease and thus the treatment for it involves various approaches combining various treatments which is the major market driver for Glioblastoma treatment drugs market. Treating such tumors is a challenge which forces the researchers to look for diagnosis and newer chemotherapy drugs. Changing demography, access to healthcare facilities and financial demands are some factors which are lagging in the further developments of glioblastoma. Gaining better understanding of this disease and efficient treatment will improvise which is only possible through developments in molecular mechanisms, clinical trials leading to more promising and tailored therapeutic approaches. Request For Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1248 Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market: Segmentation The Glioblastoma treatment drugs market can be segmented on the basis of drug class and distribution channel. Based on the drug class the Glioblastoma treatment drugs market can be segmented into following: Antineoplastic VEGF/VEGFR Inhibitors Alkylating Agents Miscellaneous Antineoplastic Based on the distribution channel the glioblastoma treatment drug market can be segmented into following: Hospitals Cancer Research Organizations Long Term Care Centers Diagnostic Centers Glioblastoma Treatment DrugsMarket: Overview The market for Glioblastoma treatment drugs will grow significantly as the increasing cases of glioblastoma where doctors are looking for newer drugs and treatment methods to overcome the disease. ‘Quality of life’ has become an essential factor in the survival of cancer patients which is driving the market for new drug development methods with different approaches. It is a leading cause of cancer in children and males it is mostly encountered in the developed economies as U.S, U.K and Asian countries. There are various organizations which are supporting Glioblastoma patients and efforts are being taken to improvise the treatments related to it. Glioblastoma Treatment DrugsMarket: Region-wise Outlook Worldwide, there are an estimated 240,000 cases related to brain cancer and Glioblastoma is most common and lethal disease. Every year in U.S there are about 18000 people diagnosed with GBM and in European countries 25000 cases therefore there is prime incidences of this disease. More treatments are coming forward which can be used alone or in combination with radiotherapy and chemotherapy, but there are chances of reappearance. For long term survival of in glioblastoma, there are newer combination therapies studied and various clinical trials are in order to fight against these disease. Visit For TOC@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1248 Glioblastoma TreatmentDrugs Market: Key Players The key players for the Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market are F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Sandoz, Arbor Pharms LLC., Emcure Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company and Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: Future Market Insights 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Service Laboratory Market Shares, Strategies and Forecast Worldwide, 2016 to 2026 Next PostNext Explore Authorized Generics Market Business Strategies and Opportunities by 2024 Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market Revenue and Value Chain 2016-2026 Brain tumors is one of the leading cause of cancer which is common among children and teenagers. Glioblastoma (GBM) is most common grade four tumor, is malignant and contains dead tumor cells. It is also called as Glioblastoma multiforme, it has variants of giant cell Glioblastoma and gliosarcoma found in cerebral hemisphere of brain. The exact cause of this tumor is not known but is also found in spinal cord and represents about 15.4% of all primary brain tumors. Glioblastoma is also difficult to treat because of number of different types of cells and thus combines various treatment plans combined. The drugs involved in treating glioblastoma are antineoplastic orcytotoxic drugs. There is significant development in chemotherapy drugs to treat the malignant tumors and each year there are new drugs in the market to overcome the blood-brain barrier. Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market: Drivers & Restraints Glioblastoma is a complicated disease and thus the treatment for it involves various approaches combining various treatments which is the major market driver for Glioblastoma treatment drugs market. Treating such tumors is a challenge which forces the researchers to look for diagnosis and newer chemotherapy drugs. Changing demography, access to healthcare facilities and financial demands are some factors which are lagging in the further developments of glioblastoma. Gaining better understanding of this disease and efficient treatment will improvise which is only possible through developments in molecular mechanisms, clinical trials leading to more promising and tailored therapeutic approaches. Request For Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1248 Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market: Segmentation The Glioblastoma treatment drugs market can be segmented on the basis of drug class and distribution channel. Based on the drug class the Glioblastoma treatment drugs market can be segmented into following: Antineoplastic VEGF/VEGFR Inhibitors Alkylating Agents Miscellaneous Antineoplastic Based on the distribution channel the glioblastoma treatment drug market can be segmented into following: Hospitals Cancer Research Organizations Long Term Care Centers Diagnostic Centers Glioblastoma Treatment DrugsMarket: Overview The market for Glioblastoma treatment drugs will grow significantly as the increasing cases of glioblastoma where doctors are looking for newer drugs and treatment methods to overcome the disease. ‘Quality of life’ has become an essential factor in the survival of cancer patients which is driving the market for new drug development methods with different approaches. It is a leading cause of cancer in children and males it is mostly encountered in the developed economies as U.S, U.K and Asian countries. There are various organizations which are supporting Glioblastoma patients and efforts are being taken to improvise the treatments related to it. Glioblastoma Treatment DrugsMarket: Region-wise Outlook Worldwide, there are an estimated 240,000 cases related to brain cancer and Glioblastoma is most common and lethal disease. Every year in U.S there are about 18000 people diagnosed with GBM and in European countries 25000 cases therefore there is prime incidences of this disease. More treatments are coming forward which can be used alone or in combination with radiotherapy and chemotherapy, but there are chances of reappearance. For long term survival of in glioblastoma, there are newer combination therapies studied and various clinical trials are in order to fight against these disease. Visit For TOC@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1248 Glioblastoma TreatmentDrugs Market: Key Players The key players for the Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market are F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Sandoz, Arbor Pharms LLC., Emcure Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company and Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: Future Market Insights 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Service Laboratory Market Shares, Strategies and Forecast Worldwide, 2016 to 2026 Next PostNext Explore Authorized Generics Market Business Strategies and Opportunities by 2024 Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market Revenue and Value Chain 2016-2026 Brain tumors is one of the leading cause of cancer which is common among children and teenagers. Glioblastoma (GBM) is most common grade four tumor, is malignant and contains dead tumor cells. It is also called as Glioblastoma multiforme, it has variants of giant cell Glioblastoma and gliosarcoma found in cerebral hemisphere of brain. The exact cause of this tumor is not known but is also found in spinal cord and represents about 15.4% of all primary brain tumors. Glioblastoma is also difficult to treat because of number of different types of cells and thus combines various treatment plans combined. The drugs involved in treating glioblastoma are antineoplastic orcytotoxic drugs. There is significant development in chemotherapy drugs to treat the malignant tumors and each year there are new drugs in the market to overcome the blood-brain barrier. Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market: Drivers & Restraints Glioblastoma is a complicated disease and thus the treatment for it involves various approaches combining various treatments which is the major market driver for Glioblastoma treatment drugs market. Treating such tumors is a challenge which forces the researchers to look for diagnosis and newer chemotherapy drugs. Changing demography, access to healthcare facilities and financial demands are some factors which are lagging in the further developments of glioblastoma. Gaining better understanding of this disease and efficient treatment will improvise which is only possible through developments in molecular mechanisms, clinical trials leading to more promising and tailored therapeutic approaches. Request For Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1248 Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market: Segmentation The Glioblastoma treatment drugs market can be segmented on the basis of drug class and distribution channel. Based on the drug class the Glioblastoma treatment drugs market can be segmented into following: Antineoplastic VEGF/VEGFR Inhibitors Alkylating Agents Miscellaneous Antineoplastic Based on the distribution channel the glioblastoma treatment drug market can be segmented into following: Hospitals Cancer Research Organizations Long Term Care Centers Diagnostic Centers Glioblastoma Treatment DrugsMarket: Overview The market for Glioblastoma treatment drugs will grow significantly as the increasing cases of glioblastoma where doctors are looking for newer drugs and treatment methods to overcome the disease. ‘Quality of life’ has become an essential factor in the survival of cancer patients which is driving the market for new drug development methods with different approaches. It is a leading cause of cancer in children and males it is mostly encountered in the developed economies as U.S, U.K and Asian countries. There are various organizations which are supporting Glioblastoma patients and efforts are being taken to improvise the treatments related to it. Glioblastoma Treatment DrugsMarket: Region-wise Outlook Worldwide, there are an estimated 240,000 cases related to brain cancer and Glioblastoma is most common and lethal disease. Every year in U.S there are about 18000 people diagnosed with GBM and in European countries 25000 cases therefore there is prime incidences of this disease. More treatments are coming forward which can be used alone or in combination with radiotherapy and chemotherapy, but there are chances of reappearance. For long term survival of in glioblastoma, there are newer combination therapies studied and various clinical trials are in order to fight against these disease. Visit For TOC@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1248 Glioblastoma TreatmentDrugs Market: Key Players The key players for the Glioblastoma Treatment Drugs Market are F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Sandoz, Arbor Pharms LLC., Emcure Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company and Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: Future Market Insights 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Service Laboratory Market Shares, Strategies and Forecast Worldwide, 2016 to 2026 Next PostNext Explore Authorized Generics Market Business Strategies and Opportunities by 2024 Search Recent Posts Reinforced Thermoplastic Pipes (RTP) Market 2017 – LLC, PES.TEC, Technip, Shawcor, GE Oil & Gas, Aerosun Corporation, National Oilwell Varco Smart Contact Lenses Market 2017 – Sensimed AG, Google, Samsung, Sony, EPGL, Research Institute, KAIST, Ghent University FlipHTML5 Creates HTML5 Flipbook from PDF for Mobile Learning Photoinitiators Market 2017 – BASF, Lambson, Arkema, DBC, NewSun, Tronly, Polynaisse, Hubei Gurun, Eutec, IGM Resins, Kurogane Kasei Transglutaminase Market 2017 – TFI, Kinry, Ajinomoto, Yiming Biological, Taixing Dongsheng, Pangbo Biological, Micro-Tech Foods Ingredients Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Antidiarrheal Drugs Market to Observe Strong Development by 2020 Pharmaceutical sector is growing at a significant rate globally due to increase in the prevalence of diseases, rise in aging population and improvement in the healthcare facilities. Gastrointestinal drugs may be classified on the basis of different active ingredients used in it. Antidiarrheal drugs refer to a class of drugs that are used to treat diarrhea. Antidiarrheal drugs market is growing at a significant rate globally due to increasing incidence of diarrhea and growing awareness in this field. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3325 North America, followed by Europe, dominates the global market for antidiarrheal drugs due to high prevalence of diarrhea cases and high adoption rate for antidiarrheal drugs. Asia is expected to experience high growth rate in the next few years in global antidiarrheal drugs market. China and India are expected to be the fastest growing antidiarrheal drugs markets in Asia. Some of the key driving forces for antidiarrheal drugs market in emerging countries are large pool of patients, increasing awareness and improvement in the healthcare facilities. Various factors that are driving the global antidiarrheal drugs market are growing awareness for antidiarrheal drugs, rising government initiatives for improvement in healthcare facilities and increasing prevalence for diarrhea cases. However, various side effects associated with the uptake of antidiarrheal drugs, such as constipation, fullness and bloating are restraining the global antidiarrheal drugs market. In addition, traditional and home remedies are still popular in emerging countries; this restrains the antidiarrheal drugs market from growing. Emerging countries hold a good potential for the global antidiarrheal drugs market. Discovery of some antidiarrheal drugs with less side effects is expected to offer good opportunity for global antidiarrheal drugs market. Decrease in the efficacy of other medicine if taken along with antidiarrheal drug is a challenge faced by antidiarrheal drugs market. Some of the latest trends that have been observed in the global antidiarrheal drugs market include companies involved in geographical expansions and implementing various strategies for setting their brand. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/3325 Some of the major companies dealing in global antidiarrheal drugs are Johnson & Johnsons, Novartis, GlaxoSmithKline and Proctor & Gamble Pharmaceuticals. Some other companies with significant presence in the antidiarrheal drugs market are Sanofi Aventis, Pfizer, Merck & Co. and Bayer. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAntidiarrheal, Antidiarrheal Drugs, Antidiarrheal Drugs Market, Drugs Market, Global Antidiarrheal Drugs Market, Google News, Healthcare, Pharmaceutical sector, satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Cosmetic Ingredients Market Expected to Rise at a CAGR of 4.4% by 2016 Next PostNext Protein Engineering Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Search Recent Posts ASML Welcomes HMI Shareholder Vote that Approves Acquisition of HMI Strong Logic Demand Drives Third-Quarter Results, on Track for Record 2016 Sales ASML Obtains Regulatory Approvals for Acquisition of HMI ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML Completes Acquisition of HMI Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Venous Thromboembolism (VTE) Market Insights, Trends, Outlook, and Opportunity Analysis, 2016–2024 According to the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis, Inc., venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a leading cause of death and disability worldwide. Approximately 10 million cases of venous thromboembolism occur annually. VTE refers to the formation of blood clots in vein. If the clot is in deep vein (usually leg), it is called as deep vein thrombosis, while a clot in lungs is termed as pulmonary embolism. There are around 100,000 to 300,000 VTE related deaths reported annually in the U.S. (International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis, Inc.). The number is much higher in Europe, which is at 544,000 deaths annually. Moreover, it is also estimated that up to 60% of VTE cases occur during or after hospitalization. This preventable health condition is usually overlooked as a major public health problem leading to deaths. Download PDF of Sample Report @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/188 Innovative treatment and drugs to fuel growth of global venous thromboembolism market The APEX (Acute Medically Ill VTE Prevention with Extended Duration Betrixaban) trial reported in March 2017 that extended use of betrixaban post parenteral prophylaxis with enoxaparin lowers the VTE incidence among patients discharged from hospital. Currently, there no anticoagulants approved for extended-duration use in patients after hospital discharge and in those who are at high risk of VTE. This treatment approach could significantly benefit those patients and be a growth contributor for the global venous thromboembolism market. Global venous thromboembolism market taxonomy The global market is segmented on the basis of product type and disease type. On the basis of product type, the market is segmented as follows: Drug therapy Heparin Apixaban Dabigatran Rivaroxaban Edoxaban Warfarin Devices Thrombolytic therapy Heparin has been the gold standard for treating VTE. In a recent study published (2017) in the New England Journal of Medicine, Rivaroxaban has shown to be more effective in reducing the risk of a recurrent events in patients with venous thromboembolism in equipoise with continued anticoagulation medications compared to Aspirin. Devices used for treating VTE include compression stockings, and intermittent pneumatic compression devices. Thrombolytic therapy includes administering tissue plasminogen activator. Ask for Complete TOC of Report before Buying @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/toc/188 Global venous thromboembolism market regional overview Based on the article published by the steering committee of world Thrombosis Day in 2014, incidence rate of VTE in North America, Western Europe, Australia and southern Latin America (Argentina) was in the range of 0.75-2.69 per 1,000 individuals, which increase to 2-7 per 1,000 individuals in population aged 70 years and above. Moreover, according its research findings, awareness about venous thromboembolism is very low globally. Furthermore, the condition is largely undocumented, except in North America and Europe. Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited commenced a large scale clinical registry for cancer-VTE patients in Japan, in March 2017. This facility would enroll and follow up to 10,000 cancer patients for a year to achieve following objectives: Frequency of concurrent VTE Treatment status of VTE Investigate the incidence of VTE events, ischemic stroke, haemorrhagic events, and systemic embolisms Clarify appropriate use of Direct Oral Anticoagulant (DOAC) including Lixiana (Edoxaban) This is expected to provide a tremendous stimulus to the venous thromboembolism market. Low public awareness is one of the major factors responsible for confined growth rate of VTE market, especially in emerging nations such as India, China, Brazil, Turkey, and Indonesia. The market is poised to grow with growing awareness level, increasing healthcare spending and easier accessibility for the masses. Click the link to know the latest trends and insights prevalent in the Venous Thromboembolism (VTE) Market. Major players in the global venous thromboembolism market include Pfizer Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Sanofi S.A., Abbott Laboratories, Dupont Pharm Co, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Merck & Co. Inc., Bayer AG, Upsher-Smith Laboratories, Inc., and 3M Health Care. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Healthcare, satPRnews, Venous Thromboembolism Market, Venous Thromboembolism Market forecast, VTE Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global CIGS Thin Film Solar Cell Market – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016-2021 Next PostNext Solar Panels Market is expected to reach $180.7 billion by 2021 – Companies Profiled – Market Leaders Search Recent Posts The Touchpoint Solution Named Semi-Finalist in the Spring 2017 Arizona Innovation Challenge LA Galaxy and StubHub Center Implement Full Week of Community Programming to Precede Protect the Pitch Day on Sunday, April 23 vs. Seattle Sounders FC Recognition for 14 Harrison Grierson employees NZ dollar gains vs yen after failed North Korea missile test BRIAN BURLEY ANNOUNCES the release OF his book, “YNGBLKPGH” Proudly powered by WordPress
Mais um site WordPress Toggle navigation Home Greensavers Greensavers: Análise Análise GS: Rapper Will.i.am foi a Oxford falar de alterações climáticas. Mas apareceu de helicóptero. Análise GS: O perfil do consultor de sustentabilidade Emprego: Agora é uma cidade alemã que quer contratar (muitos) portugueses Green Savers TV Rio+20: que futuro quer para o Planeta (VÍDEO) Angola: crianças completam a frase “se eu mandasse no mundo…” (VÍDEO) Dica: como poupar €55 (R$143) por ano em água (VÍDEO) Insólito Big Major Cay: a ilha das Bahamas onde suínos e humanos podem nadar juntos Coelho com doença rara causadora de chifres na cabeça fotografado (com FOTOS) Cão responde a ordens do dono mudando a expressão facial (com VÍDEO) Opinião Opinião de Luís Gil, LNEG: A cortiça e o sequestro de carbono Opinião, Álvaro Cidrais: “Maldita Educação” Carolina Afonso: Os novos paradigmas do consumo sustentável Tecnologia Londres transforma cabines telefónicas icónicas em pontos de carregamento solar Nova aplicação permite diagnóstico médico via smartphone Angola: tecnologias ambientais crescem 75% entre 2011 e 2013 Ambiente Ambiente: Ambiente Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Alterações Climáticas Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Sustentabilidade da Hidroeléctrica do Gove distinguida pelas Nações Unidas China vai abater milhões de carros para melhorar a qualidade do ar Biodiversidade Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Cervo “vampiro” de Caxemira considerado extinto avistado pela primeira vez desde 1948 Educação Ambiental Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Tijolos tipo Lego vão levar reflorestação, acesso a água potável e educação aos mais carenciados Universidade angolana abre novo programa de bolsas Política Índia culpa activistas ambientais pelos problemas económicos do país Como será África em 2063? Vinte mil animais foram mortos em Nova Iorque nos últimos dois anos Reciclagem Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Adidas lança ténis feitos de papelão reciclado em Abril de 2014 Chitato vai contratar nova empresa para recolher e tratar resíduos sólidos Recursos Naturais Preços elevados do ouro estão a impulsionar a desflorestação na América do Sul Será que esta luxuosa embalagem o convencerá a comer o que está no interior? Angola: terrenos da reserva fundiária de Kaluapanda estão livres de minas Cidades Cidades: Interior do País Mauritânia: êxodo rural está a perturbar a ordem social e deixar aldeias sem homens Trabalhar a partir de casa será o futuro da mobilidade sustentável Construção Construção: Eco Design Sol-Char, a sanita sustentável Já plantou um lápis? Veja como o pode fazer. Corticeira Amorim desafia designers a criarem novas aplicações para a cortiça Edifícios Ateliê francês constrói casa sustentável em quatro dias (com FOTOS) Casa orquídea prevê mudar conceito habitacional em Taiwan (com FOTOS) Primeiro hotel subaquático africano inaugurado na Tanzânia (com FOTOS) Energia Energia: Eficiência Energética EcoBreeze vai reduzir o consumo de energia nos centros de dados Fim das lâmpadas incandescentes significaria o encerramento de 250 centrais de carvão 4 tendências para a utilização de energia pelas grandes empresas Energias Alternativas Quénia vai ter a maior central geotérmica de turbina única do mundo Produção de biocombustíveis poderá aumentar doenças transmitidas por mosquitos Filme denuncia fracturação hidráulica na segunda maior reserva de vida selvagem do planeta Energias Renováveis A garrafa reciclada que se transforma numa lâmpada solar (com FOTOS) Angola aposta nas renováveis para solucionar problemas energéticos Alemanha: 74% da energia utilizada no penúltimo fim-de-semana foi renovável Dicas 20 dicas para poupar na luz e no gás Poupança As 10 melhores fotos da Hora do Planeta Wonderbag: um saco que reduz os gastos energéticos a cozinhar em 30% (com fotos) LED vai dominar mercado da iluminação em 2015 Mobilidade Mobilidade: Mobilidade Individual Ford pesquisa carro movido a energia solar para uso diário Londres tem o estacionamento mais caro do mundo A app que prevê os congestionamentos de trânsito Bicicletas Antigo futebolista cria bicicleta de madeira em homenagem a Eusébio (com VÍDEO) Uma bicicleta prática e amiga do ambiente (com FOTOS) Serra Leoa: Mudança na legislação melhora a reputação dos condutores de mototáxis Transportes Públicos Linha férrea vai ligar Angola e Moçambique Japão prepara construção de linha para novo comboio de levitação magnética Investidores chineses vão financiar construção de ferrovias em África Veículos Eléctricos Sistemas de partilha de carros conquistam as empresas Nova Iorque quer 10 mil novos lugares para carros eléctricos Toyota e Microsoft preparam skate eléctrico controlado por gestos Nutrição Nutrição: Hortas Urbanas Serviço público ecológico: ajude a nossa leitora Diana Fontoura a iniciar-se nas hortas domésticas Saúde e Bem-Estar 8 dicas para controlar o peso na Páscoa Beyonce e Jay Z serão vegans durante 22 dias Al Gore tornou-se vegan Segurança Alimentar Coca-Cola financiou estudos que desvalorizam riscos da má alimentação Angola, Brasil e Nações Unidas assinam acordo de cooperação agrónoma Angola no fundo da tabela global da qualidade alimentar (com LISTA) Social Social: Cidadania Hospital de Luanda organiza curso de formação para médicos palhaços As 50 fotos mais inspiradoras de Nelson Mandela (com FOTOS) Abelhas detectam a presença de minas terrestres Comunidades As 15 estradas mais perigosas do mundo (com FOTOS) Os angolanos já valorizam a sustentabilidade dos produtos? Unesco cria programa Brasil-África para acabar com racismo Cultura Ilha de Veneza vai receber projectos de Angola TEDxLuanda regressa a 14 de Junho A obra de arte que se estende nas areias do Sáara (com FOTOS) Eventos Rio+20 chega a Lisboa no próximo dia 14 de Maio Ligando os Pontos: a nova acção global da 350 realiza-se no sábado Rio+20: Brasil vai organizar o Dia Sanduíche. Saiba o que é. Inclusão Social Empresa japonesa desenha carro para cenários de tsunami (com FOTOS) ONU está a utilizar programas de inclusão financeira em África para combater a pobreza rural Bill Gates: em 2035 não haverá países pobres Vida Saudável Vacina experimental contra o ébola já seguiu para a Libéria Londres: quem vive junto de árvores toma menos antidepressivos Ébola poderá infectar entre 550 mil e 1,4 milhões de pessoas até Janeiro de 2015 Voluntariado Projecto de conservação salva crias de pinguins africanos Empresa portuguesa responsável por campanha pela desminagem Empresas lucram com a solidariedade social que promovem Economia Economia: Economia Verde Évora, Portugal: uma lixeira que se transformou em quinta solar (com VÍDEO) Minuto Verde chega pela primeira vez a Angola em 2013 Transição para a Economia Verde pode criar 60 milhões novos empregos Empresas Hugo Bizarro: “Aprender com erros e sucessos de Portugal pode ser um bom caminho para o desenvolvimento da indústria e serviços em Angola” Reviva debate profissionalização da indústria e serviços e o crescimento de Angola A importância da sustentabilidade para o comércio (parte 3) Ética Empresarial H&M chega a África Primeiro hotel em África a obter certificação de turismo responsável é em São Tomé e Príncipe Panasonic oferece 100 mil lanternas solares aos países sem electricidade Inovação Cientistas descobrem mecanismo que causa o “cheiro da chuva” The Real Thing: a máquina que transforma Coca-Cola em água potável (com FOTOS) Jovem nigeriano cria carro movido a energia solar e eólica (com FOTOS) 24/7 Customer Support / Best Place To Buy Simvastatin / Fastest U.S. Shipping Cátia Fernandes Sem categoria 17 de Abril de 2017 Best Place To Buy Simvastatin Generic Zocor Best Pharmacy To Order Zocor Generic without prescription. Zocor (Simvastatin) is an hmg-coa reductase inhibitor or “statin” used to lower bad cholesterol (LDL) and triglyceride levels in your blood or to raise good cholesterol (HDL) levels in adults.  Generic Zocor is one the best medications proven to lower bad cholesterol! Generic Zocor may also be marketed as:Lipex, Simovil, Simvastatin, Simvotin, Zocord. *Zocor® is manufactured by Merck & Co. Rating 4.1 stars, based on 241 comments Price start from $0.78 Per pill Follow this link to Order Generic Zocor (Simvastatin) NOW! Acheter Zocor Discretement Simvastatin Rx Sale Best Place Purchase Simvastatin Online Generic Zocor Sale Where To Purchase Generic Zocor Finland Best Place Purchase Generic Simvastatin Us Cheap Zocor Where To Order Achat Zocor Net Buy Cheap Simvastatin Link Online Safe Site Purchase Zocor greensavers.sapo.ao cheap Zenegra buy Zenegra cheap Rogaine Zocor Simvastatin Buy Online Buy Cheap Zocor Europe Order Cheap Zocor Chicago Cuanto Cuesta Zocor Original Brand Simvastatin Buy Online Peut Acheter Simvastatin Pharmacie Sans Ordonnance Buy Simvastatin Paypal Simvastatin Cheap Overnight Simvastatin Simvastatin Sale Where To Order Generic Zocor Houston Beställ Generic Zocor Switzerland Buy Online Zocor Atlanta Buy Generic Zocor Los Angeles Acheter Zocor Internet Doctissimo Where To Buy Cheap Zocor Dallas Buy Zocor Simvastatin Online Achat Online Zocor Japan Purchase Cheap Zocor Denmark Simvastatin Much Does Cost Order Simvastatin Generic Where To Order Online Zocor Angleterre Zocor Cheap Fast Buy Online Zocor Ny Buy Simvastatin Now Online Cheap Billig Generic Zocor Norge Zocor Safe To Buy Online Best Place Order Simvastatin Online Cost Of Zocor Without Insurance Order Simvastatin Drug Buy Original Simvastatin Online Combien Cheap Zocor La Order Zocor Online Review Cheap Zocor Website Achat Cheap Zocor Chicago Branded Zocor To Buy Achat Online Zocor Belgique Simvastatin Very Cheap Where To Order Generic Zocor Sweden Simvastatin Cheap Online Pharmacy Zocor Sales Data Where To Order Generic Zocor Los Angeles Where To Purchase Online Zocor Phoenix Buy Online Zocor Inglaterra Simvastatin Sale Overnight Shipping Cheap Simvastatin Sale Where To Get Online Zocor Belgique Buy Cheap Zocor Finland Europe Cheap Zocor Where To Order Buy Simvastatin No Prescription Overnight Purchase Real Zocor Buy Simvastatin Pro Köp Generic Zocor Austria Beställ Cheap Zocor Switzerland Simvastatin Buy Online Review Simvastatin To Buy Buy Simvastatin Brand Where To Purchase Cheap Zocor Philadelphia Combien Cheap Zocor Houston France Cheap Zocor Where To Buy How To Buy Cheap Zocor Online No Prescription How To Buy Generic Simvastatin Order Zocor On Line Where To Buy Cheap Zocor Miami Canadian Pharmacy Simvastatin Cheap Generisk Zebeta cheap Ceftin Cytotec kostnad Prix Cialis 20 mg RXNcS Related Posts Brasil utilizou mosquitos geneticamente modificados para combater a dengue durante o Mundial Consumidores globais admitem não saber ler rótulos Programas de detecção de talento levam 46 recém-licenciados à Sonae Buy Cheap Sildenafil Citrate 50 mg – Worldwide Delivery (3-7 Days) Garantie de remboursement – Achat De Mobic En Ligne – Livraison express Pharmacy Usa online / In linea Albuterol 100 mcg Prezzo basso / BTC è disponibile Partilhar facebook twitter google+ pinterest linkedin email Tweet Achat Inderal Livraison Rapide - Livraison internationale... Anterior Les échantillons de Viagra gratuit. Permethrin En Ligne.... Seguinte Cátia Fernandes Newsletter Acompanhe as nossas novidades Subscrever Cancelar subscrição Siga-nos Facebook Twitter Linkedin Patrocinadores Contactos Sobre Cabo Verde Portugal Moçambique Projetos:
