Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News UBS Group AG Sells 35,584 Shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co (RRD) PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG Lazard Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Lazard Asset Management LLC Has $204,000 Position in Westpac Banking Corporation (WBK) HBK Investments L P Has $351,000 Stake in Century Aluminum Company (CENX) Cabot Corporation (CBT) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P 12,294 Shares in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Acquired by HBK Investments L P Private Wealth Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Oracle Corporation (ORCL) AT&T Inc. (T) Position Reduced by Waldron LP Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC Has $26,702,000 Position in Intel Corporation (INTC) Edmond de Rothschild Europe Continues to Hold Stake in McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) Position Cut by Krasney Financial LLC Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD) Position Raised by Krasney Financial LLC Krasney Financial LLC Has $1,556,000 Position in Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Holds Stake in International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Stake Decreased by Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Shares Bought by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Cuts Position in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) NewMarket Corporation (NEU) Position Held by Advantus Capital Management Inc Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Shares Bought by HighTower Advisors LLC February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet HighTower Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 0.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 1,576,409 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 5,652 shares during the period. Merck & Company accounts for about 1.5% of HighTower Advisors LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 8th largest position. HighTower Advisors LLC owned approximately 0.06% of Merck & Company worth $98,255,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. Boston Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Merck & Company by 512.1% in the second quarter. Boston Advisors LLC now owns 374,199 shares of the company’s stock worth $21,558,000 after buying an additional 313,068 shares during the last quarter. KBC Group NV increased its stake in Merck & Company by 32.7% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 1,398,162 shares of the company’s stock valued at $87,259,000 after buying an additional 344,592 shares in the last quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Merck & Company by 6.6% in the third quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC now owns 369,150 shares of the company’s stock valued at $23,039,000 after buying an additional 22,736 shares in the last quarter. Seminole Management Co. Inc. bought a new stake in Merck & Company during the second quarter valued at $19,783,000. Finally, Badgley Phelps & Bell Inc. increased its stake in Merck & Company by 14.4% in the second quarter. Badgley Phelps & Bell Inc. now owns 5,225 shares of the company’s stock valued at $301,000 after buying an additional 657 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 73.80% of the company’s stock. Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded up 0.19% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $64.32. 5,906,828 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $177.34 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.53 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Company, Inc. has a one year low of $48.28 and a one year high of $65.46. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $61.20 and a 200-day moving average price of $61.64. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.89 by $0.00. Merck & Company had a net margin of 14.30% and a return on equity of 24.08%. The firm had revenue of $10.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.22 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.93 EPS. Merck & Company’s quarterly revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.81 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Investors of record on Thursday, December 15th were given a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.92%. This is a positive change from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 92.61%. WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/merck-company-inc-mrk-shares-bought-by-hightower-advisors-llc.html. MRK has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Leerink Swann reissued a “market perform” rating and set a $65.00 target price on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Bank of America Corporation raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $57.00 to $70.00 in a research report on Thursday, October 13th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Friday, October 14th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a $65.00 target price on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Sunday, October 16th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $66.91. In other Merck & Company news, EVP Michael J. Holston sold 91,959 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.96, for a total value of $5,881,697.64. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 105,559 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,751,553.64. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Wendell P. Weeks sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $64.51, for a total value of $322,550.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 5,100 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $329,001. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 241,959 shares of company stock worth $15,625,548. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Newsagent Login Parliament Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Gordon Campbell | Parliament TV | Parliament Today | Video | Questions Of the Day | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Parliament Tweet More research into off-benefit outcomes Thursday, 9 February 2017, 11:27 am Press Release: New Zealand Government Hon Anne Tolley Minister for Social Development 9 February 2017 More research into off-benefit outcomes Social Development Minister Anne Tolley has asked MSD to carry out further research into the outcomes for people who come off benefit, following the release of a report on the issue from Superu, which analysed pre-welfare reform data. “Superu looked at historic data from 2010 and 2011, and the report being released today is useful as it provides important baselines for the work which is to be carried out by MSD on clients who moved off benefit following the 2013 welfare reforms,” says Mrs Tolley. Using information from Statistics New Zealand’s Integrated Data Infrastructure (IDI), the research found that 75 per cent of people who moved off a benefit had not returned to a benefit after two years. Of the 140,000 cases studied, after 24 months: • 33 per cent were in employment • 16 per cent had a change in life circumstances, such as retiring or moving overseas, and • 8 per cent were enrolled in education or training The study was unable to identify the main activity of 18 per cent of the former clients, and this will form a major part of MSD’s new analysis, which will use more up to date statistics. “The report also highlights how certain groups, such as those with health issues or who have been in prison, might need extra support back into employment,” says Mrs Tolley. “I’m pleased to say that Budget 2016 invested $9 million for trials to support people with health conditions and disabilities into work, alongside $15.3 million to help offenders prepare for, find and stay in employment and reduce reoffending. “Through the welfare reforms we have been focused on supporting people into education, training and sustainable employment. The proportion of the population (10.3 per cent) receiving a main benefit is now the lowest it’s been in a December quarter since before the Global Financial Crisis. “The next piece of research from MSD will analyse post-reform data and will be extremely valuable as we continue to look at new and innovative ways of helping people lead independent and successful lives.” The Superu report is available at: http://superu.govt.nz/off-benefits ends © Scoop Media   Tweet         Parliament Headlines | Politics Headlines | Regional Headlines NEW ZEALAND POLITICS > > Gordon Campbell: On The Looming Conflict Over The Iranian Nuclear Deal Just in case war breaks out over the weekend… for the past 10 days or so, the court rulings on President Trump’s travel ban have dominated the news out of the United States. At the same time, a more serious threat has been gathering in intensity. Iran and the Trump administration are on a collision course over Iran’s testing of ballistic missiles, which Iran maintains are a valid part of its domestic defence planning. The US, via Trump’s national security adviser Michael Flynn, has put Iran “on notice” and imposed fresh sanctions. Undaunted, Iran has continued to test more missiles. More>>     On Application: Historical Homosexual Offence Convictions Eligible To Be Wiped The Government will introduce a new scheme to address historical convictions for homosexual offences, Justice Minister Amy Adams has announced. More>> ALSO: Labour - Labour welcomes move to quash convictions National - Foster-Bell welcomes wiping of gay convictions Rainbow Wellington - Government quashing of homosexual convictions welcomed UK The Peter Tatchell Foundation - Gay pardons for up to 100,000 men welcomed ANZ Bank - LGBTI community less comfortable holding hands Before Reforms: Research Shows Poor Outcomes For People Coming Off Benefit Labour: SUPERU analysed statistical data of former beneficiaries from 2010 to 2011 to determine the outcomes two years after coming off the benefit. Their findings show that only 33 per cent were in employment, and only 8 per cent were in study. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - More research into off-benefit outcomes Open Letter: Mental Health Workers Raise The Alarm In an open letter published today in the Dominion Post, Mental Health workers took the unusual step of speaking out publicly about their grave concerns about Mental Health treatment resources in the Capital Coast District Health Board catchment. More>> Salvation Army Report: New Zealand Social Policies Off Track New Zealand’s efforts to provide adequate housing, reduce child poverty and stop re-offending have gone off track says The Salvation Army. Government needs to urgently address these failures by developing effective policy approaches and action to address these social deficits. More>> ALSO: Labour - Government still failing Kiwi kids in poverty - Where’s the leadership? English refuses housing debate - Time for English to show leadership on housing - English pulling a fast one on state house build Greens - Change of Govt key to ending child poverty NZ First - PM’S ‘Fresh Ideas’ on Poverty Did Nothing for Kiwi Kids - National Cannot Deny Immigration is Fuelling Housing Crisis ACT - Seymour offers to stand in for PM in housing debate Child Poverty Action Group - New Zealand off the track with child wellbeing Lifewise - Housing not just about providing a roof Trade Me Property - Capital city tenants struggle amidst record-breaking rents NZ Herald - The New Zealand Herald debuts first long-form documentary Dunne: Ministry Of Health To Decide On Cannabis-Based Products Following his decision on 1 December last year to remove the requirement for Ministry of Health approval to prescribe Sativex for Multiple Sclerosis, Associate Health Minister Peter Dunne has today delegated decision-making for the prescribing of all cannabis-based products to the Ministry of Health. More>> ALSO: Science Media Centre - Change to cannabis approval Peter Dunne - Dunne Speaks: Better access to Cannabis Based Medicines Greens - Medical cannabis changes a positive but small step ActionStation - Over 5,500 ActionStation members sign petition Cannabis Party - 'Medical cannabis products' are pharmaceutical cannabinoids NORML - Medicinal cannabis changes will make little difference Family First NZ - Govt, Be Cautious Of Smokescreen Around Medicinal Marijuana William Rea - Wellington Cannabis Rally Science Media Centre - Change to approval for medicinal cannabis Grey Power NZ - Medical cannabis Auditor-General's Report: Flaws In CERA Operation And Controls In our view, CERA did well early on in the recovery... However, CERA found it challenging to maintain momentum. Its role became less clear as it took on more responsibility for delivering more projects and programmes. More>> Gordon Campbell: On The Bill English Phone Call, La La Land, And The Travel Ban From afar, it has been enlightening for all of us to see that a district court judge in Washington state could (temporarily at least) block a Presidential executive order on immigration – even when the order in question was issued (supposedly) to protect national security... More>> ALSO: Image Lyndon Hood - That’s The Way You Do It John Quiggin - On Australia’s flirtations with Trumpism Binoy Kampmark - The Courts versus Donald Trump Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter   LATEST HEADLINES PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL $50k to support LGBTI young people 8:18 PM | New Zealand Government Jetstar Deal Should Never Have Flown 10/02/17 | New Zealand First Party UK Should Be Welcoming Quality NZ Meat 10/02/17 | New Zealand First Party Minister praises efforts to re-float whales 10/02/17 | New Zealand Government Slip clearance to begin on SH1 north of Kaikoura 10/02/17 | New Zealand Government Mitchell to attend World Government Summit 10/02/17 | New Zealand Government Increasing confidence in assessments 10/02/17 | New Zealand Government More   RSS 16 Wellington peace activists to appear in court 8:48 PM | Peace Action Wellington Child Trafficking 8:43 PM | Conservative Party Anti-Prison Marchers Delusional 8:22 PM | Sensible Sentencing Trust No Pride in Prisons 8:20 PM | No Pride in Prisons Push “Go Button” Minister to Save Whales 8:17 PM | New Zealand First Party Deborah Russell Labour’s 2017 candidate for New Lynn 8:15 PM | New Zealand Labour Party Prime Minister defeats shearing legend 5:54 PM | World Shearing Champs More   RSS Significant step towards new cycling and walking track 8:58 PM | Dunedin Tunnel Trails Trus... Man Seriously Hurt at MotorCross Event 8:40 PM | Philips Search and Rescue Trust Motorcylist Airlifted 8:39 PM | Philips Search and Rescue Trust Auckland Man Flown to Hospital 8:38 PM | Philips Search and Rescue Trust Cyclist seriously injured in Dunedin crash 8:13 PM | New Zealand Police Name release - Hoon Hay deceased 8:13 PM | New Zealand Police Fleeing driver incident - Waikato 8:12 PM | New Zealand Police More   RSS     Featured InfoPages     Wellington.Scoop NewsWire.co.nz Homicide in Haumoana: investigators seek help to find three men seen on beach Kapiti plans to celebrate expressway next weekend Deadline for seismic safety assessments of 80 CBD buildings Jetstar and Qantas added to government travel contract Livia Esterhazy leaving Clemenger BBDO and Proximity, starting consultancy Congestion, safety issues – city transport survey gets 10,000 public responses Union states case for carers’ pay; ($3 an hour “makes no sense”) More   RSS News Alerts New Sophie’s Angels a women only taxi company. 4:00 AM | Jade Winton-Lowe WATCH: Bill English’s first Waitangi Day as PM 3:26 AM | Shar Davis An open invitation to the Lion Pit 3:12 AM | Mervin Johnson WATCH: Local sustainable kai for Wellington plates 3:10 AM | Laura Keown Indigenous languages to be put under the spotlight 3:07 AM | Jade Winton-Lowe Kapiti expressway good news for the environment 3:05 AM | Jade Winton-Lowe Festival makes it easy for artists on the Fringe 3:00 AM | Laura Keown More   RSS News Alerts   Auckland Transport Blog Mr. Bridges, open this gate. Mr. Bridges, tear down this wall! 09 Feb | John Polkinghorne Guest post: What is the secret to Tokyo’s affordable housing? 08 Feb | Guest Post The Bike Blueprint 2020 – where should Auckland invest in cycling next? 08 Feb | Matt L Bring on the pedestrian crossing 07 Feb | Matt L AMETI finally moving forward 07 Feb | Matt L More jobs in the city centre 06 Feb | John Polkinghorne Are regional towns and cities too small? 06 Feb | Peter Nunns More   RSS   Pundit Kiwiblog Public Address Edward Snowden spy inquiries: Watching the watcher... 07 Feb | David Fisher Big Data – Good? 06 Feb | Brian Easton Why we should reject the politics of despair 12:55 AM | Steve Maharey When Donald calls Bill... make him an offer 30 Jan | Tim Watkin The No Man’s Land of Studying Distributional Econo... 30 Jan | Brian Easton What Donald & Hillary can teach New Zealand 26 Jan | Wyatt Creech Three takes on Miller (the Brexit case) 26 Jan | Andrew Geddis More   RSS News Alerts Dilbert is pissed 3:00 AM | David Farrar Labour is totally unified 2:00 AM | David Farrar Patent trolls vs Netflix 1:00 AM | David Farrar Rodney Hide on the opportunity cost of compulsory ... 12:00 AM | David Farrar A Bassett book on NZ PMs 11:00 PM | David Farrar New Zealand Second 9:00 PM | David Farrar Little 2/10 English 8/10 8:00 PM | David Farrar More   RSS News Alerts Capture: After Hollywood 7:47 AM | Jackson Perry Hard News: Listening Lounge 2017: More good talk a... 11:25 AM | Russell Brown Hard News: Friday Music: Why Soulfest was really c... 11:04 AM | Russell Brown Access: Murder – it’s not OK. 09 Feb | Hilary Stace Hard News: Burning down the house to feel better 07 Feb | Russell Brown Speaker: Ann's story: helping doctors understand m... 07 Feb | Veronica Stevenson Legal Beagle: Spun Off: New Zealand's other most r... 07 Feb | Graeme Edgeler More   RSS News Alerts Politics Section Blogroll Politics Blogs It's Our Future | Kiwi Voices on the TPPA Public Address KiwiBlog No Right Turn Pundit The Standard Fighting Talk The Dim-Post Tumeke Politics Info Websites Parliament Today In The House (video) Indymedia Aotearoa NZ Parliament NZ Government Newspaper Blogs Inside the Beltway - Dominion Post Audrey Young Politics Party Websites National Party Labour Party - Blog Green Party - Blog New Zealand First Maori Party United Future ACT Party Conservative Internet Party 1law4all Alliance Aotearoa Legalise Cannabis Party Ban 1080 The Civilian Party Democrats for Social Credit Other Links Fleet management software Scoop Newsagent Email Alerts     Contact Newsagent Login Parliament Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Telerx Appoints Joel Morse as President KING OF PRUSSIA, Pa.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Telerx, a leader in multichannel engagement of consumers, patients, healthcare professionals and enterprise personnel, today announces the appointment of Global Chief Operating Officer Joel Morse as president of Telerx and C3i Healthcare Connections (a Telerx company). Morse brings nearly 30 years of leadership experience in business strategy, operations and development to this role, having served as the founder and CEO of C3i, Inc. for more than 20 years. Since the acquisition of C3i by Telerx in June 2014, Morse has led the Global Healthcare Operations and Global Process Excellence teams, overseeing all healthcare operations and ensuring the highest standard of quality across all services and solutions. “I am humbled and excited by the opportunity to become the next president of Telerx and C3i Healthcare Connections,” said Morse. “We will stay focused on our uncompromising commitment to our clients, and we will challenge ourselves to continue to innovate and deliver state-of-the-art customer engagement solutions that have become synonymous with Telerx and C3i Healthcare Connections. Knowing the passion that our team members bring to their work every day, I’m certain we will continue raising the standard for delivering exceptional solutions and outcomes driving many of the world’s most respected and trusted consumer and healthcare brands.” Morse succeeds current president, Linda Schellenger, who made the personal decision to retire from her position at the end of the first quarter of 2017. “We are grateful to Linda for her strong leadership of Telerx over the past 11 years, and for her commitment to a ‘people come first’ culture,” said Guy Eiferman, managing director, Healthcare Services & Solutions, Merck. “Linda presided over a period of solid business growth inside and outside the United States, and the expansion of services which have enhanced the ability of Telerx clients to benefit from exceptional customer experiences.” Schellenger, Morse and the Telerx leadership team have constructed a plan to ensure a seamless transition. “I have no doubt that Joel will leverage his life sciences expertise to further raise the bar for our consumer brand engagement services, and I am fully confident that Joel’s sharp focus on strategy and innovation will launch Telerx and C3i Healthcare Connections into an exciting new era,” said Schellenger. About Telerx Telerx, a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., is an industry-leading business process outsourcer specializing in the multichannel engagement of consumers, patients, healthcare professionals and enterprise personnel via a network of global contact centers. Our unique customer-centric approach has made Telerx and C3i Healthcare Connections, a Telerx company, the partner of choice for some of the world’s most trusted brands for more than 30 years. Telerx provides unparalleled 24/7 support to clients in 100 countries speaking 30 different languages. With strategic focus on innovation and regulatory compliance, Telerx handles more than 35 million interactions per year, helping our clients build and protect their brands while maximizing productivity and cost efficiencies. More than 90 percent of the company’s clients are FDA-regulated. Telerx and C3i Healthcare Connections maintain corporate headquarters in King of Prussia, Pa., with additional contact centers in Horsham, Pittston and Wilkes-Barre, Pa.; El Paso, Texas; Kings Mountain, N.C.; Morristown, N.J.; Dalian, China; Hyderabad, India; and Sofia, Bulgaria. For more information visit www.Telerx.com or www.C3iHC.com, and connect with us on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. About Merck For over a century, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). CategoriesUncategorized TagsArts, Business, commission, Companies, company, Culture, general, headquarters, Health, Industry, Internet, Markets, officer, private, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Eastpointe Human Services Approves Consolidation with Cardinal Innovations Healthcare Next PostNext INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Files in U.S. District Court to Recover Losses Suffered by Investors in Psychemedics Corporation Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News North American Businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Certified as 2017 Top Employer BOSTON and MISSISSAUGA, Ontario, Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, a leading science and technology company which operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials in the United States and Canada, today announced that its North American businesses have been certified by the Top Employers Institute for exceptional employee offerings.  In addition to North America, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany has also achieved Top Employer status in the following regions where it operates businesses: Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America and the Middle East.   “Throughout our nearly 350 year history, attracting the best and brightest talent in key regions such as North America, has been a fundamental part of what we do as a successful global company. Whether one is seeking a career in the research lab, or on the manufacturing floor, the opportunities are boundless at MilliporeSigma, EMD Serono and EMD Performance Materials in this region and this recognition only reaffirms the potential for people joining our organization,” said Udit Batra, Member of the Executive Board, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and CEO, MilliporeSigma. “We are honored to receive this official certification as all of the businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany are committed to empowering our talented employees to do their best work,” said Gary Zieziula, President and Managing Director of EMD Serono and the spokesperson for the North American businesses for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. “We are focused on continuing to foster a collaborative and creative environment so our employees can grow professionally and be inspired to further our mission of creating technologies that enhance the lives of people around the world.” The annual, international research undertaken by the Top Employers Institute recognizes leading employers around the world: those that provide excellent employee conditions, nurture and develop talent throughout all levels of the organization, and which strive to continuously optimize employment practices. This recognition follows the Massachusetts-based businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany—MilliporeSigma and EMD Serono —which were named to The Boston Globe‘s annual “Top Places to Work” list in 2016. In addition, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, ranked number 11 among the top 20 employers in the global biopharmaceutical industry by Science magazine, a leading peer-reviewed international scientific publication, also in 2016.  To achieve the Top Employers certification companies undergo a stringent research process in which they are assessed on criteria including talent strategy, workforce planning, leadership development and culture.   “Optimal employee conditions ensure that people can develop themselves personally and professionally,” said David Plink, CEO of the Top Employers Institute. “Our comprehensive research concluded that Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany provides an outstanding employment environment, and offers a wide range of creative initiatives, from secondary benefits and working conditions, to performance-management programs that are well thought out and truly aligned with the culture of their company.”  To learn more about the Top Employers Institute and the Top Employers Certification, visit: www.top-employers.com.   About EMD Serono EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, in the U.S. and Canada – a leading science and technology company – focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees in the U.S. with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company’s home state of Massachusetts and 100 employees in Canada with its Canadian headquarters in Mississauga, Ontario. www.emdserono.com www.emdserono.ca About MilliporeSigma The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. MilliporeSigma is a leading supplier in the life science industry. With products for protein research and cell biology as well as the manufacture of chemical‐based and biopharmaceutical drugs, MilliporeSigma covers the full bioprocessing value chain. Its aim is to solve the toughest problems in the industry by collaborating with the global scientific community. About EMD Performance Materials EMD Performance Materials is the North America high-tech materials business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, comprising a portfolio of applications in fields such as consumer electronics, semiconductors, lighting, coatings, printing technology, plastics, and cosmetics. Key products include display materials, LED materials for lighting as well as OLED materials for lighting and displays, functional materials for solar panels and energy solutions, effect pigments as well as active ingredients and fillers for cosmetics, food and pharmaceutical products, effect pigments and functional materials for coatings, printing and plastics and high-purity specialty chemical materials for the electronics and semiconductor industry. Today, the business has about 500 employees around the country with main operations in Philadelphia (PA). For more information, please visit www.emd-pm.com. About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the “Merck” name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is one of the world’s leading suppliers of effect pigments for the coatings, plastics, printing, cosmetic, food and pharmaceutical industries. Effect pigments underscore the emotional impact of color and are an important design element when creating surfaces with a special appearance or quality. Application possibilities range from cars to packaging and high-tech products up to building façades. In addition to decorative effect pigments, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, offers pigments that also have functional applications such as heat-reflecting or anti-counterfeiting pigments. Contact:  Melissa Manganello       +1 781 681 2393 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/north-american-businesses-of-merck-kgaa-darmstadt-germany-certified-as-2017-top-employer-300404203.html SOURCE Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Culture, Environment, Food and Beverage, headquarters, Home and Garden, Industry, officer, Science, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Eurotin Announces Proposed Private Placement and Shares for Debt Transaction Next PostNext Frozen Fish Industry Growth Analysis and Forecast by countries and Competitors for Global Market 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News North American Businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Certified as 2017 Top Employer BOSTON and MISSISSAUGA, Ontario, Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, a leading science and technology company which operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials in the United States and Canada, today announced that its North American businesses have been certified by the Top Employers Institute for exceptional employee offerings.  In addition to North America, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany has also achieved Top Employer status in the following regions where it operates businesses: Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America and the Middle East.   „Throughout our nearly 350 year history, attracting the best and brightest talent in key regions such as North America, has been a fundamental part of what we do as a successful global company. Whether one is seeking a career in the research lab, or on the manufacturing floor, the opportunities are boundless at MilliporeSigma, EMD Serono and EMD Performance Materials in this region and this recognition only reaffirms the potential for people joining our organization,” said Udit Batra, Member of the Executive Board, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and CEO, MilliporeSigma. „We are honored to receive this official certification as all of the businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany are committed to empowering our talented employees to do their best work,” said Gary Zieziula, President and Managing Director of EMD Serono and the spokesperson for the North American businesses for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. „We are focused on continuing to foster a collaborative and creative environment so our employees can grow professionally and be inspired to further our mission of creating technologies that enhance the lives of people around the world.” The annual, international research undertaken by the Top Employers Institute recognizes leading employers around the world: those that provide excellent employee conditions, nurture and develop talent throughout all levels of the organization, and which strive to continuously optimize employment practices. This recognition follows the Massachusetts-based businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany—MilliporeSigma and EMD Serono —which were named to The Boston Globe‚s annual „Top Places to Work” list in 2016. In addition, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, ranked number 11 among the top 20 employers in the global biopharmaceutical industry by Science magazine, a leading peer-reviewed international scientific publication, also in 2016.  To achieve the Top Employers certification companies undergo a stringent research process in which they are assessed on criteria including talent strategy, workforce planning, leadership development and culture.   „Optimal employee conditions ensure that people can develop themselves personally and professionally,” said David Plink, CEO of the Top Employers Institute. „Our comprehensive research concluded that Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany provides an outstanding employment environment, and offers a wide range of creative initiatives, from secondary benefits and working conditions, to performance-management programs that are well thought out and truly aligned with the culture of their company.”  To learn more about the Top Employers Institute and the Top Employers Certification, visit: www.top-employers.com.   About EMD Serono EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, in the U.S. and Canada – a leading science and technology company – focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees in the U.S. with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company’s home state of Massachusetts and 100 employees in Canada with its Canadian headquarters in Mississauga, Ontario. www.emdserono.com www.emdserono.ca About MilliporeSigma The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. MilliporeSigma is a leading supplier in the life science industry. With products for protein research and cell biology as well as the manufacture of chemical‐based and biopharmaceutical drugs, MilliporeSigma covers the full bioprocessing value chain. Its aim is to solve the toughest problems in the industry by collaborating with the global scientific community. About EMD Performance Materials EMD Performance Materials is the North America high-tech materials business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, comprising a portfolio of applications in fields such as consumer electronics, semiconductors, lighting, coatings, printing technology, plastics, and cosmetics. Key products include display materials, LED materials for lighting as well as OLED materials for lighting and displays, functional materials for solar panels and energy solutions, effect pigments as well as active ingredients and fillers for cosmetics, food and pharmaceutical products, effect pigments and functional materials for coatings, printing and plastics and high-purity specialty chemical materials for the electronics and semiconductor industry. Today, the business has about 500 employees around the country with main operations in Philadelphia (PA). For more information, please visit www.emd-pm.com. About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the „Merck” name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is one of the world’s leading suppliers of effect pigments for the coatings, plastics, printing, cosmetic, food and pharmaceutical industries. Effect pigments underscore the emotional impact of color and are an important design element when creating surfaces with a special appearance or quality. Application possibilities range from cars to packaging and high-tech products up to building façades. In addition to decorative effect pigments, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, offers pigments that also have functional applications such as heat-reflecting or anti-counterfeiting pigments. Contact:  Melissa Manganello       +1 781 681 2393 SOURCE Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Business, Companies, company, Culture, Environment, Food and Beverage, headquarters, Home and Garden, Industry, officer, Science, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DL-Malic Acid Market Overview, Industry Top Manufactures, Market Size, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2021 Next PostNext First Cobalt Increases Private Placement to $6 Million Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska North American Businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Certified as 2017 Top Employer News provided by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Feb 08, 2017, 09:13 ET Share this article BOSTON and MISSISSAUGA, Ontario, Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, a leading science and technology company which operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials in the United States and Canada, today announced that its North American businesses have been certified by the Top Employers Institute for exceptional employee offerings.  In addition to North America, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany has also achieved Top Employer status in the following regions where it operates businesses: Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America and the Middle East.   "Throughout our nearly 350 year history, attracting the best and brightest talent in key regions such as North America, has been a fundamental part of what we do as a successful global company. Whether one is seeking a career in the research lab, or on the manufacturing floor, the opportunities are boundless at MilliporeSigma, EMD Serono and EMD Performance Materials in this region and this recognition only reaffirms the potential for people joining our organization," said Udit Batra, Member of the Executive Board, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and CEO, MilliporeSigma. "We are honored to receive this official certification as all of the businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany are committed to empowering our talented employees to do their best work," said Gary Zieziula, President and Managing Director of EMD Serono and the spokesperson for the North American businesses for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. "We are focused on continuing to foster a collaborative and creative environment so our employees can grow professionally and be inspired to further our mission of creating technologies that enhance the lives of people around the world." The annual, international research undertaken by the Top Employers Institute recognizes leading employers around the world: those that provide excellent employee conditions, nurture and develop talent throughout all levels of the organization, and which strive to continuously optimize employment practices. This recognition follows the Massachusetts-based businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany—MilliporeSigma and EMD Serono —which were named to The Boston Globe's annual "Top Places to Work" list in 2016. In addition, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, ranked number 11 among the top 20 employers in the global biopharmaceutical industry by Science magazine, a leading peer-reviewed international scientific publication, also in 2016.  To achieve the Top Employers certification companies undergo a stringent research process in which they are assessed on criteria including talent strategy, workforce planning, leadership development and culture.   "Optimal employee conditions ensure that people can develop themselves personally and professionally," said David Plink, CEO of the Top Employers Institute. "Our comprehensive research concluded that Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany provides an outstanding employment environment, and offers a wide range of creative initiatives, from secondary benefits and working conditions, to performance-management programs that are well thought out and truly aligned with the culture of their company."  To learn more about the Top Employers Institute and the Top Employers Certification, visit: www.top-employers.com.   About EMD Serono EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, in the U.S. and Canada - a leading science and technology company - focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees in the U.S. with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts and 100 employees in Canada with its Canadian headquarters in Mississauga, Ontario. www.emdserono.com www.emdserono.ca About MilliporeSigma The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. MilliporeSigma is a leading supplier in the life science industry. With products for protein research and cell biology as well as the manufacture of chemical‐based and biopharmaceutical drugs, MilliporeSigma covers the full bioprocessing value chain. Its aim is to solve the toughest problems in the industry by collaborating with the global scientific community. About EMD Performance Materials EMD Performance Materials is the North America high-tech materials business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, comprising a portfolio of applications in fields such as consumer electronics, semiconductors, lighting, coatings, printing technology, plastics, and cosmetics. Key products include display materials, LED materials for lighting as well as OLED materials for lighting and displays, functional materials for solar panels and energy solutions, effect pigments as well as active ingredients and fillers for cosmetics, food and pharmaceutical products, effect pigments and functional materials for coatings, printing and plastics and high-purity specialty chemical materials for the electronics and semiconductor industry. Today, the business has about 500 employees around the country with main operations in Philadelphia (PA). For more information, please visit www.emd-pm.com. About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is one of the world's leading suppliers of effect pigments for the coatings, plastics, printing, cosmetic, food and pharmaceutical industries. Effect pigments underscore the emotional impact of color and are an important design element when creating surfaces with a special appearance or quality. Application possibilities range from cars to packaging and high-tech products up to building façades. In addition to decorative effect pigments, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, offers pigments that also have functional applications such as heat-reflecting or anti-counterfeiting pigments. Contact:  Melissa Manganello       +1 781 681 2393 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/north-american-businesses-of-merck-kgaa-darmstadt-germany-certified-as-2017-top-employer-300404203.html SOURCE Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Related Links http://www.emdgroup.com/emd/index.html Jan 23, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Announces Research Collaboration with Domain Therapeutics in Immuno-Oncology My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 23, 2017, 08:00 ETMerck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Announces Research Collaboration... Jan 12, 2017, 17:00 ETMerck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Palantir Launch New... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Awards You just read: North American Businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Certified as 2017 Top Employer News provided by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Feb 08, 2017, 09:13 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Press Release North American Businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Certified as 2017 Top Employer By Published: Feb 8, 2017 9:13 a.m. ET Share BOSTON and MISSISSAUGA, Ontario, Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, a leading science and technology company which operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials in the United States and Canada, today announced that its North American businesses have been certified by the Top Employers Institute for exceptional employee offerings.  In addition to North America, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany has also achieved Top Employer status in the following regions where it operates businesses: Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America and the Middle East.   "Throughout our nearly 350 year history, attracting the best and brightest talent in key regions such as North America, has been a fundamental part of what we do as a successful global company. Whether one is seeking a career in the research lab, or on the manufacturing floor, the opportunities are boundless at MilliporeSigma, EMD Serono and EMD Performance Materials in this region and this recognition only reaffirms the potential for people joining our organization," said Udit Batra, Member of the Executive Board, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and CEO, MilliporeSigma. "We are honored to receive this official certification as all of the businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany are committed to empowering our talented employees to do their best work," said Gary Zieziula, President and Managing Director of EMD Serono and the spokesperson for the North American businesses for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. "We are focused on continuing to foster a collaborative and creative environment so our employees can grow professionally and be inspired to further our mission of creating technologies that enhance the lives of people around the world." The annual, international research undertaken by the Top Employers Institute recognizes leading employers around the world: those that provide excellent employee conditions, nurture and develop talent throughout all levels of the organization, and which strive to continuously optimize employment practices. This recognition follows the Massachusetts-based businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany—MilliporeSigma and EMD Serono —which were named to The Boston Globe's annual "Top Places to Work" list in 2016. In addition, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, ranked number 11 among the top 20 employers in the global biopharmaceutical industry by Science magazine, a leading peer-reviewed international scientific publication, also in 2016.  To achieve the Top Employers certification companies undergo a stringent research process in which they are assessed on criteria including talent strategy, workforce planning, leadership development and culture.   "Optimal employee conditions ensure that people can develop themselves personally and professionally," said David Plink, CEO of the Top Employers Institute. "Our comprehensive research concluded that Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germanyprovides an outstanding employment environment, and offers a wide range of creative initiatives, from secondary benefits and working conditions, to performance-management programs that are well thought out and truly aligned with the culture of their company."  To learn more about the Top Employers Institute and the Top Employers Certification, visit: www.top-employers.com.   About EMD Serono EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, in the U.S. and Canada - a leading science and technology company - focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees in the U.S. with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts and 100 employees in Canada with its Canadian headquarters in Mississauga, Ontario. www.emdserono.com www.emdserono.ca About MilliporeSigma The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. MilliporeSigma is a leading supplier in the life science industry. With products for protein research and cell biology as well as the manufacture of chemical-based and biopharmaceutical drugs, MilliporeSigma covers the full bioprocessing value chain. Its aim is to solve the toughest problems in the industry by collaborating with the global scientific community. About EMD Performance Materials EMD Performance Materials is the North America high-tech materials business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, comprising a portfolio of applications in fields such as consumer electronics, semiconductors, lighting, coatings, printing technology, plastics, and cosmetics. Key products include display materials, LED materials for lighting as well as OLED materials for lighting and displays, functional materials for solar panels and energy solutions, effect pigments as well as active ingredients and fillers for cosmetics, food and pharmaceutical products, effect pigments and functional materials for coatings, printing and plastics and high-purity specialty chemical materials for the electronics and semiconductor industry. Today, the business has about 500 employees around the country with main operations in Philadelphia (PA). For more information, please visit www.emd-pm.com. About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is one of the world's leading suppliers of effect pigments for the coatings, plastics, printing, cosmetic, food and pharmaceutical industries. Effect pigments underscore the emotional impact of color and are an important design element when creating surfaces with a special appearance or quality. Application possibilities range from cars to packaging and high-tech products up to building façades. In addition to decorative effect pigments, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, offers pigments that also have functional applications such as heat-reflecting or anti-counterfeiting pigments. Contact:  Melissa Manganello       +1 781 681 2393 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/north-american-businesses-of-merck-kgaa-darmstadt-germany-certified-as-2017-top-employer-300404203.html SOURCE Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) to Buy Diploma PLC (DPLM) Receives Add Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Declares Quarterly Dividend of C$0.35 Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Increases Dividend to $0.30 Per Share Salient Midstream & MLP Fund Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (SMM) Salient Midstream & MLP Fund Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (SMM) Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MRNS) Receives $2.50 Average Price Target from Analysts Ardelyx, Inc. (ARDX) Receives $19.67 Average Target Price from Brokerages Leerink Swann Equities Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Finisar Corporation (FNSR) Receives $38.16 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Hi-Crush Partners LP (HCLP) Receives $17.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Analysts Set Hyatt Hotels Corporation (H) Price Target at $52.24 Insider Selling: Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $39,844,367.28 in Stock AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (AVB) Earns Buy Rating from Mizuho Teradata Co. (TDC) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Stewart Information Services Corporation (STC) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.16 EPS Wedbush Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Steinberg Global Asset Management Sells 1,995 Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Steinberg Global Asset Management reduced its position in shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 1.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 151,065 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,995 shares during the period. Merck & Company accounts for about 1.6% of Steinberg Global Asset Management’s portfolio, making the stock its 18th largest position. Steinberg Global Asset Management’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $9,428,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Pitcairn Co. raised its position in Merck & Company by 1.8% in the second quarter. Pitcairn Co. now owns 29,036 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,673,000 after buying an additional 520 shares in the last quarter. Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC raised its position in Merck & Company by 79.1% in the second quarter. Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC now owns 16,525 shares of the company’s stock worth $952,000 after buying an additional 7,300 shares in the last quarter. Princeton Capital Management Inc. raised its position in Merck & Company by 10.1% in the second quarter. Princeton Capital Management Inc. now owns 6,393 shares of the company’s stock worth $368,000 after buying an additional 585 shares in the last quarter. Court Place Advisors LLC raised its position in Merck & Company by 1.2% in the second quarter. Court Place Advisors LLC now owns 26,109 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,504,000 after buying an additional 302 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mount Vernon Associates Inc. MD purchased a new position in Merck & Company during the second quarter worth $206,000. 73.80% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 64.20 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $61.20 and its 200-day moving average is $61.64. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 1-year low of $48.28 and a 1-year high of $65.46. The company has a market capitalization of $177.01 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.47 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.00. The business had revenue of $10.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.22 billion. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. Merck & Company’s revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.93 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.81 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Investors of record on Thursday, December 15th were paid a $0.47 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This is a positive change from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.93%. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 92.61%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Steinberg Global Asset Management Sells 1,995 Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/steinberg-global-asset-management-sells-1995-shares-of-merck-company-inc-mrk.html. Several equities analysts recently commented on the stock. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $70.00 price target (down previously from $72.00) on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Vetr raised shares of Merck & Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $59.51 price target for the company in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Bryan, Garnier & Co assumed coverage on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Friday, January 13th. They set a “buy” rating for the company. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 price target on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $72.00 price target for the company in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $66.91. In other Merck & Company news, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total value of $9,104,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 514,957 shares in the company, valued at $33,487,653.71. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Thomas R. Cech sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.42, for a total value of $317,100.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 5,100 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $323,442. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 241,959 shares of company stock worth $15,625,548 over the last ninety days. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Baytex Energy Corp (BTE) Receives $7.59 Average Target Price from Analysts Arconic Inc (ARNC) Stock Price Up 5.9% Following Insider Buying Activity Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Owens Corning Inc Lifted by Analyst (OC) Eaton Vance Michigan Municipal Bond Fund (MIW) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.05 Motorpoint Group PLC (MOTR) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Fortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC (FTAI) Receives $15.83 Average Price Target from Analysts Brokers Offer Predictions for Merck & Company, Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (MRK) Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) – Stock analysts at Jefferies Group raised their FY2018 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Merck & Company in a report issued on Thursday. Jefferies Group analyst J. Holford now anticipates that the brokerage will post earnings of $4.01 per share for the year, up from their prior forecast of $3.89. Jefferies Group currently has a “Underperform” rating and a $48.00 price objective on the stock. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.89 by $0.00. The business had revenue of $10.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.22 billion. Merck & Company had a net margin of 14.30% and a return on equity of 24.08%. The company’s revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.93 EPS. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Brokers Offer Predictions for Merck & Company, Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (MRK)” was first published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/brokers-offer-predictions-for-merck-company-inc-s-fy2018-earnings-mrk.html. Other equities research analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Vetr downgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $57.17 price target on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, November 17th. Piper Jaffray Companies raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $72.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $70.00 price target (down previously from $72.00) on shares of Merck & Company in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Guggenheim raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the company from $61.63 to $70.00 in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $66.91. Shares of Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) traded down 1.14% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $64.20. 5,204,118 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $60.99 and its 200-day moving average is $61.58. The stock has a market cap of $177.01 billion, a PE ratio of 31.47 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Company has a 12-month low of $48.28 and a 12-month high of $65.46. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were issued a $0.47 dividend. This is a boost from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.89%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, December 13th. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 92.61%. In related news, Director Wendell P. Weeks sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $64.51, for a total value of $322,550.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 5,100 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $329,001. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total transaction of $9,104,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 514,957 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $33,487,653.71. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 241,959 shares of company stock worth $15,625,548 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Brokers Offer Predictions for Merck & Company, Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (MRK)” was first published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/brokers-offer-predictions-for-merck-company-inc-s-fy2018-earnings-mrk.html. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 174,819,694 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,071,362,000 after buying an additional 3,242,254 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 0.7% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 74,363,785 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,284,098,000 after buying an additional 535,407 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 2.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 56,714,385 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,539,544,000 after buying an additional 1,235,395 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 4.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 44,732,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,577,045,000 after buying an additional 1,701,520 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Northern Trust Corp raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 1.1% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 36,237,082 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,261,555,000 after buying an additional 411,890 shares during the last quarter. 73.80% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous GigPeak Inc (GIG) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Next » Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW) Given a $11.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Retirement Planning * Complimentary Lunch * Seminar * More Tags... Industry News * Finance * More Industries... News By Location * Kenilworth   New Jersey   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News February 2017 Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo Su 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 Complimentary Lunch Seminar for *Merck employees     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Retirement Planning * Complimentary Lunch * Seminar Industry: * Finance Location: * Kenilworth - New Jersey - USKENILWORTH, N.J. - Feb. 7, 2017 - PRLog -- Wednesday, March 1st @ 12:00pm Boulevard Five72 Restaurant 572 Boulevard, Kenilworth, NJ 07033. Complimentary lunch will be served. Call 800-900-5687 to make a reservation for you and a guest! Topics Include: * Merck Pension- Are you prepared for the change to the "Chash Balance" calculation? * Hand Raising and Involuntary Separation- Do you understand the steps to a productive transition? * Understanding the Merck 401(k). * Minimizing Risk Through the Diversification od your 401k. * Maximizing opportunity by taking advantage of all plan provisions. * How to mimimize taxes and penalties during the retirement planning process. Visit us on the we at theretirementgroup.com New York • Philadelphia • Washington DC • Boston Houston • San Antonio • Dallas • Chicago • St Louis • San Francisco• Los Angeles Corporate Office: 10675 Sorrento Valley Rd #100, San Diego CA 92121 Securities offered through FSC Securities Corporation, member FINRA/SIPC. Investment advisory service offered through The Retirement Group, LLC a registered investment advisor, FSC Securities Corporation and Merck are unaffiliated compaies. *This complimentary service is neither approved nor endorsed by Merck. Investing involves risk including the potential loss of principal. No investment strategy can guarantee a profit against loss in periods of declining values. Past performance is no guarantee of furure results. Fees are incurred when assets are under management of advisors affiliated with The Retirement Group. Please note that individual situations can vary. Therefore the information presented here should only be relied upon when coordinated with individual professional advice. Accessing retirement funds through 72(t) programs are complicated and are not appropriate for all investors. End Source : The Retirement Group, LLC Email : ***@theretirementgroup.com Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse The Retirement Group, LLC News Complimentary Lunch Workshop for *Kaiser Permanente employees Complimentary Lunch Workshop for *Kaiser Permanente employees The Retirement Group Client Appreciation Dinner Complimentary Lunch Workshop for *Kaiser Permanente employees Complimentary Lunch Workshops for *GlaxoSmithKline employees Trending Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup Falguni Thakkar: Award-Winning Director of Photography (DP) & Digital Colorist Creating Impactful S Ann Zedlitz, MD "Dr. Z" to Appear on NBC's The Doctors Ellsworth Insurance Agency Hires New Employee Summer program lets high school students learn directly from The Concord Review Daily News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Domenico Winery San Carlos, CA hosts 9 wineries for February 12th Valentine's Wine & Chocolate event - 1177 views Certified Professional Coach Clinton Ages Hosts A Three Session Vision Board Summit - 233 views Grassroots group transforms Cattle Ranch into live-in Library & Arts Center - 222 views Howard University Site for 2017 Kick-Off of "I am Psyched" Pop-up Museum National Tour - 208 views Weekly News Top Women Entrepreneurs of Alaska nominees for 2017 announced - 3110 views Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Hanley Investment Group & Coldwell Banker DuFour Realty Arrange Sale of New STNL ULTA Beauty - 1519 views Transformation Day is February 18th - 1172 views Husband and Wife Filmmakers Release Their Romantic Comedy 2 YEARS OF LOVE on Valentine's Day - 1054 views Daily News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Domenico Winery San Carlos, CA hosts 9 wineries for February 12th Valentine's Wine & Chocolate event - 1177 views Certified Professional Coach Clinton Ages Hosts A Three Session Vision Board Summit - 233 views Grassroots group transforms Cattle Ranch into live-in Library & Arts Center - 222 views Howard University Site for 2017 Kick-Off of "I am Psyched" Pop-up Museum National Tour - 208 views Weekly News Top Women Entrepreneurs of Alaska nominees for 2017 announced - 3110 views Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Hanley Investment Group & Coldwell Banker DuFour Realty Arrange Sale of New STNL ULTA Beauty - 1519 views Transformation Day is February 18th - 1172 views Husband and Wife Filmmakers Release Their Romantic Comedy 2 YEARS OF LOVE on Valentine's Day - 1054 views PTC News Take the Chocolate Tour at Lennar's Heritage Active Adult communities - 388 views Next Gen® Family The Esquer's Showcased on CBS LA - 279 views New Homes at Foster Square Released for Sale - 183 views PM&E, Inc. Receives US$ 500,000 Investment in Cash And Appoints an Exclusive Agent for Asia - 180 views Save the Date for Lennar's The Grove Grand Opening Later This Month - 166 views Feb 07, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Clark Golestani Joins Seal Software’s Board of Directors SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Seal Software, the leading provider of contract discovery and analytics, today announced the appointment of Clark Golestani to its board of directors. Golestani has over 30 years of experience in technology and life sciences, and is currently the President of Emerging Businesses and Global CIO at Merck. “Clark’s many years of experience serving on numerous boards and driving technology strategy at Merck will add a valuable perspective to our board of directors,” said Ulf Zetterberg, co-founder and CEO of Seal Software. “We appreciate his commitment to serve as a director and look forward to benefitting from his judgment and counsel.” Golestani is responsible for Merck’s portfolio of services and solutions companies, as well as its global health innovation venture fund – each of which extensively leverages opportunities across the digital health ecosystem. He also leads the company’s information technology strategy and execution worldwide. Golestani has been in senior level strategy and technology roles at Merck for 22 years and most recently served as Executive Vice President and CIO. Previously, Golestani served as the global head of IT for Merck’s R&D division, with IT responsibility for all areas of R&D including basic research, pre-clinical, clinical and regulatory. He has also led the company’s global IT capability supporting finance, HR, procurement, legal, public affairs, site services, real estate, and related shared business services operations. Before joining Merck, Golestani was a principal with Oracle’s consulting organization and a co-founder of Cross Road Technologies, Inc., an IT management, hosting, infrastructure, consulting and professional services company. Additionally, Golestani currently serves on the board of directors for UMUC Ventures, a not-for-profit organization focused on advancing adult education. He also sits on the advisory councils for multiple venture capital organizations based on the east and west coasts. Previously, he served on the board of directors of Liaison Technologies as well as the Intel’s Enterprise Advisory Board, Carnegie Mellon University’s CyLab / Sustainable Computing Consortium Board of Governors and the PhRMA Foundation Informatics Advisory Committee. He holds a degree in management science from MIT’s Sloan School of Management. “I am very excited to be working with Seal Software,” said Mr. Golestani. “There is a tremendous amount of value and data hidden in the increasing number of contracts many businesses have. The opportunities for a company like Seal – with such impressive AI technology and automation – are significant.” About Seal Software Seal Software is the leading provider of contract discovery, data extraction, and analytics. With Seal’s artificial intelligence technologies, companies can find contracts of any file type across their networks, quickly understand what risks or opportunities are hidden in them, and have them managed in a centralized repository. Based near San Francisco, Seal empowers enterprises around the world to maximize revenue opportunities, reduce costs, and mitigate risks associated with contractual documents, systems, and processes. For more information, visit Seal Software at www.seal-software.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Computing, division, Education, Health, intelligence, Legal, Science, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nutanix Names Wendy M. Pfeiffer as CIO Next PostNext Vlocity Wins Industry Awards — Named as CRM Watchlist Winner for the Third Straight Year, Awarded “Product of the Year” by TMC Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home News Green Living Take Action Archive Investigations Multimedia Subscribers Area Calendar Green Directory Reviews Blogs and Comments newsletter Trial Investigations Ecologist Partners This month 30 years ago from the Ecologist archive Interviews Campaigning Galleries Guides 40 years ago NUS The Brofiscin Monsanto Files Satish's Diary Magazine Right of Reply Essays   Home | News | News SEARCH What's lurking in these vaccines? Photo: Carlos Reusser Monsalvez via Flickr (Public Domain). More articles about health | toxics | corporations | regulation | politics | USA Related Articles Ecologist Special Report: Ecological Conservation in Post-Conflict Colombia TPP and TTIP are not dead: now they're called the Trade In Services Agreement Trumpocalypse now! But can we believe the Doomsday Clock? Not just Toshiba - the global nuclear industry is in crisis everywhere Exposed: Coca Cola's big 'fight back' against tackling plastic waste Vaccines, mercury and thimerosal: let the science speak! Robert F. Kennedy Jr 7th February 2017 Tweet I am pro-vaccine, writes Robert F. Kennedy Jr. I had all of my six children vaccinated. I believe that vaccines save millions of lives. So let me explain why I edited the book 'Thimerosal: Let The Science Speak', which exposes the dangerous and avoidable use of the mercury-based preservative thimerosal in vaccines given to millions of children and pregnant women here and around the world. Hundreds of peer reviewed studies by leading government and university scientists show that thimerosal is a devastating brain poison linked to neurological disorders now epidemic in American children. Vaccines are big business. Pharma is a trillion-dollar industry with vaccines accounting for $25 billion in annual sales. A Center for Disease Control (CDC) decision to add a vaccine to the schedule can guarantee its manufacturer millions of customers and billions in revenue with minimal advertising or marketing costs and complete immunity from lawsuits. High stakes and the seamless marriage between Big Pharma and government agencies have spawned an opaque and crooked regulatory system. Merck, one of America's leading vaccine outfits, is currently under investigation for deceiving FDA regulators about the effectiveness of its MMR vaccine. Two whistleblowers say Merck ginned up sham studies to maintain Merck's MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) monopoly. Big money has fueled the exponential expansion of CDC's vaccine schedule since 1988, when Congress' grant of immunity from lawsuits suddenly transformed vaccines into paydirt. CDC recommended five pediatric vaccines when I was a boy in 1954. Today's children cannot ­­ school without at least 56 doses of 14 vaccines by the time they're 18. An insatiable pharmaceutical industry has 271 new vaccines under development in CDC's bureaucratic pipeline in hopes of boosting vaccine revenues to $100 billion by 2025. The industry's principle spokesperson, Dr. Paul Offit, says that he believes children can take as many as 10,000 vaccines. There's more to the vaccine boom than public health! Public health may not be the sole driver of CDC decisions to mandate new vaccines. Four scathing federal studies, including two by Congress, one by the US Senate, and one by the HHS Inspector General, paint CDC as a cesspool of corruption, mismanagement, and dysfunction with alarming conflicts of interest suborning its research, regulatory, and policymaking functions. CDC rules allow vaccine industry profiteers like Dr. Offit to serve on advisory boards that add new vaccines to the schedule. In a typical example, Offit in 1999 sat on the CDC's vaccine advisory committee and voted to add the rotavirus vaccine to CDC's schedule, paving the way for him to make a fortune on his own rotavirus vaccine. Offit and his business partners sold the royalties to his rotavirus vaccine patent to Merck in 2006 for $182 million. Offit told Newsweek, "It was like winning the lottery!" A 2009 HHS Inspector General's report found that the CDC certified financial disclosure forms with at least one omission for 97% of committee members - and most forms had more than one type of omission. The same report stated that as many as 64% of committee members had potential conflicts of interest that CDC did not identify or resolve before certifying their forms. In addition to lucrative business partnerships with Merck, Offit holds a $1.5 million research chair, funded by Merck, at Children's Hospital in Philadelphia. From this industry sinecure, he broadcasts vaccine industry propaganda and annually publishes books urging unlimited vaccinations and vilifying safe-vaccine advocates. Thimerosal-autism link backed by 37 scientific studies The corruption has also poisoned CDC's immunization safety office, the research arm that tests vaccines for safety and efficacy. In August 2014, 17-year CDC veteran Dr. William Thompson, who is author of the principal study cited by CDC to exculpate mercury-preserved vaccines from the autism link, invoked whistleblower protection, and turned extensive agency files over to Congress. Thompson, who is still employed at CDC, says that for the past decade his superiors have pressured him and his fellow scientists to lie and manipulate data about the safety of the mercury-based preservative thimerosal to conceal its causative link to a suite of brain injuries, including autism. Thimerosal is 50% ethylmercury, which is far more toxic and persistent in the brain than the highly regulated methylmercury in fish. Hundreds of peer reviewed studies by leading government and university scientists show that thimerosal is a devastating brain poison linked to neurological disorders now epidemic in American children. My book, Thimerosal: Let the Science Speak, is a summary of these studies, which CDC and its credulous jour- nalists swear don't exist. Although Thompson's CDC and vaccine industry colleagues have created nine patently fraudulent and thoroughly discredited epidemiological studies to defend thimerosal, no published study shows thimerosal to be safe. The common canard that US autism rates rose after drug makers removed most thimerosal from pediatric vaccines in 2003 is wrong. That same year, CDC added flu shots containing massive doses of thimerosal to the pediatric schedule. As a result, children today can get nearly as much mercury exposure as children did from all pediatric vaccines combined in the decade prior to 2003. Worse, thimerosal, for the first time, is being given to pregnant women in flu shots. Furthermore, CDC's current autism numbers are for children born in 2002, when kids were still getting thimerosal in their pediatric vaccines. The best science suggests that thimerosal's complete removal from vaccines is likely to prompt a significant decline in autism. For example, a 2013 CDC study in JAMA Pediatrics shows a 33% drop in autism spectrum disorder in Denmark following the 1992 removal of thimerosal from Danish vaccines. That paper is among 37 peer-reviewed studies linking thimerosal to the autism epidemic. Mainstream media are now industry propagandists Thimerosal has precipitated a journalistic as well as a public health crisis. Big Pharma pumps over $3.5 billion annually into TV, newspapers, and other advertising, targeting news departments, which have become vehicles for pharmaceutical sales and propaganda platforms for the industry. Television and print outlets feature spokespeople like Dr. Offit - without identifying their industry ties - while censoring criticisms of vaccine safety andexcluding the voices of informed vaccine safety advocates. Busy journalists parrot the deceptive talking points dispensed by government and pharma officials rather than reading the science themselves. Unable to argue the science, they bully, pillory, and demonize vaccine safety advocates as 'anti-vax', 'anti-science', and far worse. The unwillingness of the press to scrutinize CDC has emboldened both industry and agency to follow the lowest paths of easy profit and bureaucratic preservation. The measles scare was classic disaster capitalism, with media outlets dutifully stoking public hysteria on editorial pages and throughout the 24-hour broadcast cycle. With Dr. Offit leading the charge, CDC, drug makers, and industry-funded front groups parlayed a garden variety annual measles outbreak into a national tidal wave of state legislation to ban religious and philosophical vaccine exemptions. The national media frenzy over 159 measles cases left little room for attention to the the autism cataclysm which has debilitated 1 million American children since the pandemic began in 1989, with 27,000 new cases annually. CDC refuses to call autism an 'epidemic'. In defiance of hard science, and common sense, CDC and Offit have launched a denial campaign to gull reporters into believing the autism plague is an illusion created by better diagnosis. Bought: our democratic representatives Big Pharma is among the nation's largest political donors, giving $31 million last year to national political candidates.  It spends more on political lobbying than any other industry, $3.0 billion from 1998 to 2014 - double the amount spent by oil and gas and four times as much as defense and aerospace lobbyists. By February, state legislators in 36 states were pushing through over one hundred new laws to end philosophical and religious vaccine exemptions. Many of those state lawmakers are also on the industry payroll. You can see how much money bill sponsors from your state took from Big Pharma on maplight.org. Normally plaintiffs' tort lawyers would provide a powerful check and balance to keep vaccines safe and effective and regulators and policymakers honest. But Pharma's dirty money has bought the industry immunity from lawsuits for vaccine injury no matter how dangerous the product. An obliging Congress disposed of the Seventh Amendment right to jury trial, making it impossible for vaccine-injured plaintiffs to sue pharmaceutical companies for selling unsafe vaccines. That's right! No Class Actions. No discovery. No depositions and little financial incentive for the industry to make vaccines safer. Vaccine industry money has neutralized virtually all of the checks and balances that once stood between a rapacious pharmaceutical industry and our children. With the research, regulatory, and policymaking agencies captured, the courts closed to the public, the lawyers disarmed, the politicians on retainer and the media subverted, there is no one left to stand between a greedy industry and vulnerable children - except parents. Next: take away parents' right to say 'No!' Now Big Pharma's game plan is to remove parental informed consent rights from that equation and force vaccine hesitant parents to inject their children with potentially risky vaccines that the Supreme Court has called "unavoidably unsafe". Ending exemptions is premature until we have a functioning regulatory agency and a transparent process. The best way to insure full vaccine coverage is for the vaccine program to win back public trust by ending its corrupt financial ties with a profit-making industry. To educate yourselves about CDC corruption and the truth about vaccine science, I hope you will read Thimerosal: Let the Science Speak and download the important movie Trace Amounts and insist your legislators watch it before voting on any of these bills.     Robert F. Kennedy, Jr is a resolute defender of the environment and a veteran eco-litigant with a long track record of successful legal actions. He was named one of Time magazine's 'Heroes for the Planet' for his success helping Riverkeeper lead the fight to restore the Hudson River. He tweets @RobertKennedyJr. See also his website. This article was originally published on Robert F Kennedy Jr's website. It is Copyright © Robert F. Kennedy Jr, 2017 Notes Forbes Magazine & CDC's Rogue Scientist (8/31/2015) My speech to a concerned group of citizens about SB 277 (7/18/15) RFK, Jr. versus Frank Bruni (7/5/2015) 39 published peer reviewed studies linking Thimerosal to Autism (7/5/2015) Anna Almendrala attacks Jim Carrey for demanding the removal of the mercury based preservative, Thimerosal from vaccines. (07/02/2015) Letter to Shawn Hubler - Sacramento Bee (6/24/2015) CDC's Latest Tuskegee Experiment African American Autism and Vaccines (7/2/2015) RFK, Jr. interview on Jesse Ventura's show "Off The Grid" Why The American Press Does Not Want You To Read this Article My manifesto (printed below) ran in USA Today as a full-page ad in the weekend issue April 24-26.  The broadside is partially a jeremiad on press suppression of the thimerosal issue - the debate that CBS reporter Sharyl Atkinson calls "the most censored and misreported story" of the century. Ironically, my manifesto had already run afoul the Kafkaesque industry taboo that one national reporter has characterized as "a borglike impenetrable cocoon". Before we ran it as a full-page ad, opinion editors at virtually all of the nation's leading papers rejected a shorter version of the same article. read more. Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.: An Invitation to Open Debate On Thimerosal Alternet.org (August 2014) "Why is everyone lined up against you?" RFK, JR on Bill Maher (04/24/15) James Grundvig on RFK Jr....the mercury tipping point Trace Amounts: Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. No Anti-Vaccer San Francisco Examiner (4/11/15) The Mercury Tipping Point: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. The Epoch Times (04/27/15) RFK Jr. on Good Day LA- Fox 11  April 22, 2015 Robert F. Kennedy Jr. on the misognyistic rhetoric of safe vaccine opponents - Sacramento, CA April 8, 2015 CDC Scientist Still Maintains Agency Forced Researchers To Lie About Safety Of Mercury Based Vaccines Ring of Fire Blog (February 2015) Vaccine Courts Trampling Justice and Public Health "In Suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved." "CDC is paralyzed by anything to do with autism...I have a boss who is asking me to lie." CDC Senior Scientist, Dr. William Thompson "Thimerosal causes tics (in children of pregnant women)...there is biologic plausibility that thimerosal causes autism like features." CDC Senior Scientist, Dr. William Thompson "When I talk to you who has a son with autism ... I'm completely ashamed by what I did...the higher ups wanted to do certain things, and I went along." CDC Senior Scientist, Dr. William Thompson CDC Chief Julie Gerberding tells Sanja Gupta that vaccines can trigger autistic-like symptoms in vulnerable children April 2008 In 2005, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. wrote an article, 'Deadly Immunity', that was co-published by Rolling Stone magazine and Salon.com about the connection between the vaccine preservative thimerosal and the autism epidemic. After several revisions to the article and nearly 6 years after the original publication date, Salon.com retracted the article from its website archives without consideration or opportunity for rebuttal. Below is the full corrected article, a link to Salon's retraction and the real reason behind it, as well an email delivered to Robert F. Kennedy Jr. by David Talbot, the founder and former editor-in-chief of Salon.com The real reason Salon retracted Deadly Immunity, caving to Pharma.   Previous Articles... | Permalink | Trackbacks (0) | Email a Friend | Print this ECOLOGIST COOKIES Using this website means you agree to us using simple cookies. More information here...   FOLLOW THE ECOLOGIST  
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. GlaxoSmithKline Which stock wins in a head-to-head match-up between these pharma giants? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Feb 7, 2017 at 7:03AM They're two of the biggest pharmaceutical companies in the world, but Merck (NYSE:MRK) and GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE:GSK) have had very different paths lately. While Merck's stock is up close to 30% over the last 12 months, shares of GlaxoSmithKline have declined. Which is the better pick for investors now? Here's how Merck and Glaxo compare. Image source: Getty Images. The case for Merck There's one major reason behind Merck's tremendous stock performance: Keytruda. The cancer drug is off to a great start after receiving U.S. regulatory approval for treating advanced melanoma in 2014. Merck subsequently won approval for several other indications for Keytruda, including as a second-line treatment for non-small cell lung cancer and as a second-line treatment for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.   Perhaps the biggest story for Keytruda so far, though, is the FDA approval in October for the drug as a first-line treatment of non-small cell lung cancer. Merck is now emerging as the clear leader in the large lung cancer market in the U.S. and a major player in other oncology indications.  Keytruda is Merck's top star, but the company does have other solid performers in its lineup. Sales for its vaccines are increasing at an impressive rate, as are sales for antibiotic Cubucin and cholesterol drug Zetia. Merck is awaiting regulatory approval for four drugs. Its pipeline includes 24 late-stage clinical programs, 10 of which are evaluating Keytruda in additional indications. Merck also has 12 other phase 2 programs. One of the biggest reasons to like Merck is its dividend. The dividend yield currently stands just below 3%. Although the company currently is using much of its earnings to cover the dividend payments, Merck's earnings growth prospects should allow the dividends to keep flowing at least at current levels. The case for GlaxoSmithKline GlaxoSmithKline doesn't have a single powerhouse drug like Merck does with Keytruda. However, the drugmaker does have a couple of big winners in Tivicay and Triumeq. Sales for the HIV drugs soared 70% year over year in the third quarter. Like Merck, Glaxo is also seeing strong sales growth for its vaccines. Sales for quite a few other products in the company's lineup are increasing as well, including several of its respiratory drugs. However, the main problem for GlaxoSmithKline is that sales for its top-selling drug, Seretide/Advair, are falling significantly. Generic competition has taken its market share away since Glaxo lost patent exclusivity for the respiratory drug.Still, though, GlaxoSmithKline's newer products are helping considerably. Around a quarter of the company's total pharmaceutical sales now come from new drugs. Better yet, more winners could be on the way. Glaxo hopes to win regulatory approval for its Shingrix shingles vaccine soon. The company's pipeline includes over 90 clinical programs. GlaxoSmithKline claims one of the highest dividend yields around at 4.7%. However, the company is spending more to pay the dividend than it's making right now.   Better buy Which of these stocks is the better pick? GlaxoSmithKline's pipeline could position the stock to be a bigger winner over time. Wall Street analysts expect Glaxo's earnings to grow more than 13% annually on average over the next few years.  However, Merck appears to be in better shape right now. Keytruda is on its way to becoming the company's biggest seller. I think the edge, for now at least, goes to Merck. Glaxo's pipeline is promising, but there's still plenty of uncertainty. Investors can pretty much bank on Keytruda's success. That gives the edge to Merck. Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Feb 7, 2017 at 7:03AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $64.15 down $0.24 (-0.37%) GlaxoSmithKline NYSE:GSK $40.28 up $0.26 (0.65%) Read More After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Merck Makes Nice With Bristol-Myers Squibb 3 Top Big Pharma Stocks to Buy Now A Big Breakthrough for Ovarian Cancer Patients Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. AbbVie Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. GlaxoSmithKline @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $GSK
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Baytex Energy Corp (BTE) Receives $7.59 Average Target Price from Analysts Arconic Inc (ARNC) Stock Price Up 5.9% Following Insider Buying Activity Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Owens Corning Inc Lifted by Analyst (OC) Eaton Vance Michigan Municipal Bond Fund (MIW) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.05 Motorpoint Group PLC (MOTR) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Fortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC (FTAI) Receives $15.83 Average Price Target from Analysts Northern Trust Corp Has $2,261,555,000 Stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Northern Trust Corp raised its position in shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 1.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 36,237,082 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 411,890 shares during the period. Merck & Company makes up approximately 0.7% of Northern Trust Corp’s holdings, making the stock its 21st largest position. Northern Trust Corp’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $2,261,555,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 174,819,694 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,071,362,000 after buying an additional 3,242,254 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 0.7% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 74,363,785 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,284,098,000 after buying an additional 535,407 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 2.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 56,714,385 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,539,544,000 after buying an additional 1,235,395 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 1.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 45,572,909 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,844,205,000 after buying an additional 840,309 shares during the period. Finally, Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 6.2% in the second quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA now owns 26,224,184 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,510,776,000 after buying an additional 1,531,565 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 73.80% of the company’s stock. Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 64.94 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $179.05 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.83 and a beta of 0.79. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $60.99 and a 200-day moving average of $61.58. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 12-month low of $48.28 and a 12-month high of $65.46. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.00. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The company had revenue of $10.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $10.22 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.93 EPS. Merck & Company’s revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Investors of record on Thursday, December 15th were issued a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.89%. This is a boost from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, December 13th. Merck & Company’s payout ratio is presently 92.61%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Northern Trust Corp Has $2,261,555,000 Stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK)” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/northern-trust-corp-has-2261555000-stake-in-merck-company-inc-mrk.html. A number of equities research analysts have commented on MRK shares. Argus reissued a “buy” rating and set a $80.00 price objective (up previously from $65.00) on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Vetr lowered shares of Merck & Company from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $52.27 price objective on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, December 27th. Bank of America Corporation raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $57.00 to $70.00 in a report on Thursday, October 13th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Merck & Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a $65.00 price objective on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Sunday, October 16th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Merck & Company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $66.91. In other news, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total transaction of $9,104,200.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 514,957 shares in the company, valued at approximately $33,487,653.71. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Thomas R. Cech sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.42, for a total value of $317,100.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 5,100 shares in the company, valued at $323,442. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 241,959 shares of company stock worth $15,625,548. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Carnival Corporation (CCL) Shares Bought by Northern Trust Corp Next » Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Shares Bought by Northern Trust Corp Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. GlaxoSmithKline Which stock wins in a head-to-head match-up between these pharma giants? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Feb 7, 2017 at 7:03AM They're two of the biggest pharmaceutical companies in the world, but Merck (NYSE:MRK) and GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE:GSK) have had very different paths lately. While Merck's stock is up close to 30% over the last 12 months, shares of GlaxoSmithKline have declined. Which is the better pick for investors now? Here's how Merck and Glaxo compare. Image source: Getty Images. The case for Merck There's one major reason behind Merck's tremendous stock performance: Keytruda. The cancer drug is off to a great start after receiving U.S. regulatory approval for treating advanced melanoma in 2014. Merck subsequently won approval for several other indications for Keytruda, including as a second-line treatment for non-small cell lung cancer and as a second-line treatment for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.   Perhaps the biggest story for Keytruda so far, though, is the FDA approval in October for the drug as a first-line treatment of non-small cell lung cancer. Merck is now emerging as the clear leader in the large lung cancer market in the U.S. and a major player in other oncology indications.  Keytruda is Merck's top star, but the company does have other solid performers in its lineup. Sales for its vaccines are increasing at an impressive rate, as are sales for antibiotic Cubucin and cholesterol drug Zetia. Merck is awaiting regulatory approval for four drugs. Its pipeline includes 24 late-stage clinical programs, 10 of which are evaluating Keytruda in additional indications. Merck also has 12 other phase 2 programs. One of the biggest reasons to like Merck is its dividend. The dividend yield currently stands just below 3%. Although the company currently is using much of its earnings to cover the dividend payments, Merck's earnings growth prospects should allow the dividends to keep flowing at least at current levels. The case for GlaxoSmithKline GlaxoSmithKline doesn't have a single powerhouse drug like Merck does with Keytruda. However, the drugmaker does have a couple of big winners in Tivicay and Triumeq. Sales for the HIV drugs soared 70% year over year in the third quarter. Like Merck, Glaxo is also seeing strong sales growth for its vaccines. Sales for quite a few other products in the company's lineup are increasing as well, including several of its respiratory drugs. However, the main problem for GlaxoSmithKline is that sales for its top-selling drug, Seretide/Advair, are falling significantly. Generic competition has taken its market share away since Glaxo lost patent exclusivity for the respiratory drug.Still, though, GlaxoSmithKline's newer products are helping considerably. Around a quarter of the company's total pharmaceutical sales now come from new drugs. Better yet, more winners could be on the way. Glaxo hopes to win regulatory approval for its Shingrix shingles vaccine soon. The company's pipeline includes over 90 clinical programs. GlaxoSmithKline claims one of the highest dividend yields around at 4.7%. However, the company is spending more to pay the dividend than it's making right now.   Better buy Which of these stocks is the better pick? GlaxoSmithKline's pipeline could position the stock to be a bigger winner over time. Wall Street analysts expect Glaxo's earnings to grow more than 13% annually on average over the next few years.  However, Merck appears to be in better shape right now. Keytruda is on its way to becoming the company's biggest seller. I think the edge, for now at least, goes to Merck. Glaxo's pipeline is promising, but there's still plenty of uncertainty. Investors can pretty much bank on Keytruda's success. That gives the edge to Merck. Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Feb 7, 2017 at 7:03AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $64.15 down $0.24 (-0.37%) GlaxoSmithKline NYSE:GSK $40.28 up $0.26 (0.65%) Read More After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Merck Makes Nice With Bristol-Myers Squibb 3 Top Big Pharma Stocks to Buy Now A Big Breakthrough for Ovarian Cancer Patients Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. AbbVie Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. GlaxoSmithKline @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $GSK
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker Merck Limited comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet February 8, 2017:   Merck on Wednesday said a section of the workforce at its Goa plant has stopped work and the management and the workers’ union are in talks over their demands, including wage revision. In an exchange filing, the company said the management is trying to convince workers’ union to resume work and negotiations. Merck, however, does not foresee material impact on sales or availability of products. Shares of Merck edged down 0.24 per cent at ₹983.55 on the NSE. (This article was published on February 8, 2017) Post Comment Related Companies  »  Merck Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Markets Live: Sensex ends marginally higher on firm Asian cues; IIP data awaited More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks It is a big responsibility, says next SEBI chief Ajay Tyagi A day after being named the next SEBI chief, senior bureaucrat Ajay Tyagi today said it is a big responsibility and he is looking forwar... » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News I never met Jaya in hospital, says Panneerselvam Bradman would not have been as successful today: Rodney Hogg Business Standard Workers protest at Merck's Goa plant over wage revision Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  February 8, 2017 Last Updated at 11:57 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTMvq3 ALSO READ Merck receives demand notice from NPPA for overcharging Merck directors Brijesh Kapil and Ali Sleiman resign Merck hits 52-week high after blockbuster Q3 report card Lupin shares jump almost 7% Merck reveals 7 years of its U.S. drug price increase history Drug firm Merck today said a section of workers at its Goa plant have stopped work and it is negotiating with employees' union to resume work. "A section of the work force at the company's Goa plant have stopped work, while the company and the workers' union are engaged in negotiating the workers' charter of demand, which includes wage revision," Merck Ltd said in a BSE filing. The company said that the management is striving to convince the union to resume work and to resume negotiations. "The company has already activated its business continuity plans to maintain stable supply to the market, and therefore does not foresee material impact on sales or availability of products due to the stoppage of work by such workmen". Shares of Merck Ltd were trading 0.69 per cent lower at Rs 978 on BSE in morning trade. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | Merck | Bse | Goa | Shares | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Workers protest at Merck's Goa plant over wage revision Drug firm Merck today said a section of workers at its Goa plant have stopped work and it is negotiating with employees' union to resume work. "A section of the work force at the company's Goa plant have stopped work, while the company and the workers' union are engaged in negotiating the workers' charter of demand, which includes wage revision," Merck Ltd said in a BSE filing. The company said that the management is striving to convince the union to resume work and to resume negotiations. "The company has already activated its business continuity plans to maintain stable supply to the market, and therefore does not foresee material impact on sales or availability of products due to the stoppage of work by such workmen". Shares of Merck Ltd were trading 0.69 per cent lower at Rs 978 on BSE in morning trade. Drug firm Merck today said a section of workers at its Goa plant have stopped work and it is negotiating with employees' union to resume work. "A section of the work force at the company's Goa plant have stopped work, while the company and the workers' union are engaged in negotiating the workers' charter of demand, which includes wage revision," Merck Ltd said in a BSE filing. The company said that the management is striving to convince the union to resume work and to resume negotiations. "The company has already activated its business continuity plans to maintain stable supply to the market, and therefore does not foresee material impact on sales or availability of products due to the stoppage of work by such workmen". Shares of Merck Ltd were trading 0.69 per cent lower at Rs 978 on BSE in morning trade. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Workers protest at Merck's Goa plant over wage revision Drug firm Merck today said a section of workers at its Goa plant have stopped work and it is negotiating with employees' union to resume work. "A section of the work force at the company's Goa plant have stopped work, while the company and the workers' union are engaged in negotiating the workers' charter of demand, which includes wage revision," Merck Ltd said in a BSE filing. The company said that the management is striving to convince the union to resume work and to resume negotiations. "The company has already activated its business continuity plans to maintain stable supply to the market, and therefore does not foresee material impact on sales or availability of products due to the stoppage of work by such workmen". Shares of Merck Ltd were trading 0.69 per cent lower at Rs 978 on BSE in morning trade. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 267/6 (86.3) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home Money Workers protest at Merck's Goa plant over wage revision Shares1 Wed, 8 Feb 2017-11:48am , PTI Drug firm Merck today said a section of workers at its Goa plant have stopped work and it is negotiating with employees' union to resume work. "A section of the work force at the company's Goa plant have stopped work, while the company and the workers' union are engaged in negotiating the workers' charter of demand, which includes wage revision," Merck Ltd said in a BSE filing. The company said that the management is striving to convince the union to resume work and to resume negotiations. "The company has already activated its business continuity plans to maintain stable supply to the market, and therefore does not foresee material impact on sales or availability of products due to the stoppage of work by such workmen". Shares of Merck Ltd were trading 0.69 per cent lower at Rs 978 on BSE in morning trade. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Raghuram Rajan stepped down because of demonetization: P Chidambaram Money Snapdeal asks managers to 'right-size' teams; to lay off nearly 30% staff in two months: report Money IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad allays visa concerns; says have spoken to US govt Money Make In India: Govt approves electronics development fund of Rs 6,831 crore Money Hindustan Motors sells iconic Ambassador brand to Peugeot Money No breakdown in corporate governance at Infosys: Board member Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw Next Article > SC issues contempt notice to Calcutta HC judge CS Karnan; directs him to refrain from taking judicial work Live Cricket Score Live BAN 267/6 (86.3) BAN trail by 420 runs IND 687/6 (166) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 296/8 (50) SA beat SL by 88 runs SA 384/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node SC issues contempt notice to Calcutta HC judge CS Karnan; directs him to refrain from taking judicial work Related RBI rejects EC's request to enhance cash withdrawal limit for election candidates Govt to present budget on February 1, no announcements for poll bound states Demonetization: Goa stares at dull tourist season this year-end Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags Goa Merck Ltd SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News HC grants interim relief to Sharma in Kabbadi league case UP Elections 2017 | Akhilesh govt playing with aspirations of youth for political gains: PM Modi Missing China billionaire taken from Hong Kong hotel in wheelchair -source South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias Pune: 150 take ill after consuming sweets at a religious fair Sport #INDvBAN | Watch: Mushfiqur Rahim survives run out appeal, commentators stunned by third umpire's decision Paired together Lahiri, Shubhankar have outside chance Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Entertainment The Kapil Sharma Show: Rishi Kapoor REVEALS he'll enact episodes from his book 'Khullam Khulla' on stage 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Money Sebi says remedial actions underway in NSE co-location case Oils and Oilseeds: Edible, non-edibles weakens further Bullion: Both the precious metals, gold and silver Gold prices recover by Rs 225, silver tops Rs 43,000 All finance ministers have perpetual desire for lower rate: FM Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska U.S. Insomnia Market by Non-Pharmacological Therapy, Prescription Sleep Aids, Orexin Antagonist & OTC Treatment - Forecasts to 2021 News provided by ReportBuyer Feb 07, 2017, 19:41 ET Share this article LONDON, Feb. 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The U.S. insomnia market is projected to reach USD 4.24 billion by 2021 from USD 3.38 billion in 2016, growing at a CAGR of 4.6% from 2016 to 2021 In 2016, the cognitive behavioural therapy for insomnia (CBTI) segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. The other alternative therapies include exercise/yoga, acupuncture, biofeedback, bright light therapy, music therapy, and aroma therapy. In 2016, the prescription sleep aids segment is expected to account for the largest share of the U.S. insomnia pharmacological treatment market. The launch of Belsomra (Merck & Co., Inc) in 2014 in the U.S. and the anticipated launch of E-2006 (Eisai Co., Ltd.) is expected to drive the growth of the market during the forecast years. However, due to the erosion in branded drugs sales and growing adoption of generics attributed to their low cost and equal efficacy as compared to branded products may hinder the growth of the market. In 2016, the zolpidem segment is expected to account for the largest share of the non-benzodaizepines prescription sleep aids market. However, higher adoption of generic products that are available are cheaper price is negatively affecting the growth of the market. The over-the-counter sleep aids segment of the U.S. insomnia pharmacological treatment market is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Reasons attributing to the growth of this market include easier availability, low prices, and publicity regarding the side effects of the prescription sleep aids has also steered the patients towards OTC sleep aid. In 2016, the antihistamines sleep aids segment is expected to hold the largest share of the over-the-counter sleep aids market, whereas, melatonin is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Growing awareness about the advantages of melatonin such as least amount of side effects, reduces stress levels, and its growing consumption is driving the growth of this segment in the U.S. Some of the key players offering insomnia treatment (pharmacological) include Eisai, Co. Ltd. (Japan), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.), Meda Consumer Healthcare Inc. (U.S.), Pfizer, Inc. (U.S.), Sanofi (France), Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. (Japan), Pernix Therapeutics (U.S.), and Purdue Pharma L.P. (U.S.). Research Coverage The market study covers the U.S. insomnia market, by type of treatment, to estimate the overall market size during 2013 to 2021. This report also covers the drivers, restraints, and opportunities of the market along with the competitive landscape of the U.S. insomnia market players. Reasons to buy this report: The report will enrich both established firms as well as new entrants/smaller firms to gauge the pulse of the market, which in turn helps firms to garner a greater market share. Firms purchasing the report could use any one or a combination of the below-mentioned five strategies (market penetration, product development/innovation, market development, market diversification, and competitive assessment) for strengthening their market shares. The report provides insights on the following pointers: - Market Penetration: Comprehensive information regarding products and services offered by the top players in the U.S. insomnia market - Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on research & development activities, and new product launches in the U.S. insomnia market - Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, recent developments, and investments in the U.S. insomnia market - Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of strategies, products, and pipeline products of the key players in the U.S. insomnia market Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4666418/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/us-insomnia-market-by-non-pharmacological-therapy-prescription-sleep-aids-orexin-antagonist--otc-treatment---forecasts-to-2021-300403871.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Feb 07, 2017, 19:42 ET Preview: Anti-Counterfeit Packaging Market by Technology, Usage Feature, End-use Sector, and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 Feb 07, 2017, 19:38 ET Preview: EMEA IoT Market by Component, Application, and Region - Forecast to 2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 09, 2017, 16:00 ETGlobal Medical Imaging Equipment Services Industry Feb 09, 2017, 15:59 ETGlobal Pianos Industry Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: U.S. Insomnia Market by Non-Pharmacological Therapy, Prescription Sleep Aids, Orexin Antagonist & OTC Treatment - Forecasts to 2021 News provided by ReportBuyer Feb 07, 2017, 19:41 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Press Release U.S. Insomnia Market by Non-Pharmacological Therapy, Prescription Sleep Aids, Orexin Antagonist & OTC Treatment - Forecasts to 2021 By Published: Feb 7, 2017 7:41 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Feb. 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The U.S. insomnia market is projected to reach USD 4.24 billion by 2021 from USD 3.38 billion in 2016, growing at a CAGR of 4.6% from 2016 to 2021In 2016, the cognitive behavioural therapy for insomnia (CBTI) segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. The other alternative therapies include exercise/yoga, acupuncture, biofeedback, bright light therapy, music therapy, and aroma therapy. In 2016, the prescription sleep aids segment is expected to account for the largest share of the U.S. insomnia pharmacological treatment market. The launch of Belsomra (Merck & Co., Inc) in 2014 in the U.S. and the anticipated launch of E-2006 (Eisai Co., Ltd.) is expected to drive the growth of the market during the forecast years. However, due to the erosion in branded drugs sales and growing adoption of generics attributed to their low cost and equal efficacy as compared to branded products may hinder the growth of the market. In 2016, the zolpidem segment is expected to account for the largest share of the non-benzodaizepines prescription sleep aids market. However, higher adoption of generic products that are available are cheaper price is negatively affecting the growth of the market. The over-the-counter sleep aids segment of the U.S. insomnia pharmacological treatment market is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Reasons attributing to the growth of this market include easier availability, low prices, and publicity regarding the side effects of the prescription sleep aids has also steered the patients towards OTC sleep aid. In 2016, the antihistamines sleep aids segment is expected to hold the largest share of the over-the-counter sleep aids market, whereas, melatonin is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Growing awareness about the advantages of melatonin such as least amount of side effects, reduces stress levels, and its growing consumption is driving the growth of this segment in the U.S. Some of the key players offering insomnia treatment (pharmacological) include Eisai, Co. Ltd. (Japan), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.), Meda Consumer Healthcare Inc. (U.S.), Pfizer, Inc. (U.S.), Sanofi (France), Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. (Japan), Pernix Therapeutics (U.S.), and Purdue Pharma L.P. (U.S.). Research Cover age The market study covers the U.S. insomnia market, by type of treatment, to estimate the overall market size during 2013 to 2021. This report also covers the drivers, restraints, and opportunities of the market along with the competitive landscape of the U.S. insomnia market players. Reasons to buy this report:The report will enrich both established firms as well as new entrants/smaller firms to gauge the pulse of the market, which in turn helps firms to garner a greater market share. Firms purchasing the report could use any one or a combination of the below-mentioned five strategies (market penetration, product development/innovation, market development, market diversification, and competitive assessment) for strengthening their market shares. The report pro vides insights on the following pointers: - Market Penetration: Comprehensive information regarding products and services offered by the top players in the U.S. insomnia market - Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on research & development activities, and new product launches in the U.S. insomnia market - Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, recent developments, and investments in the U.S. insomnia market - Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of strategies, products, and pipeline products of the key players in the U.S. insomnia market Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4666418/ About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/us-insomnia-market-by-non-pharmacological-therapy-prescription-sleep-aids-orexin-antagonist--otc-treatment---forecasts-to-2021-300403871.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
About About Medindia Medical Review Team Content Team Medindia Interviews Our Press Release Sitemap Advertise with Us Mobile Careers Internship MedBlogs Login Register Explore Medindia Health Centers Information by Medical Specialty Free Homepages Health Websites Buy Online Medical Education Medicine & Movies Support Groups Health Laws Buy & Sell Medindia on Mobile Health Centers Anxiety & Depression Child Health Healthy Heart Diabetes View All Health and Wellness Doctors Health Insurance Health Laws View All Information by Medical Specialty Cardiology Dentistry Gastroenterology Neurology View All Health Tools Create Health Record Greetings Health Calculators View All Free Home Page Conference Doctors Hospitals NGO View All Health Websites - Categories Addiction AIDS and HIV Complementary Medicine View All Multimedia Animations Infographics Slideshow Videos View All Healthy Living Beauty Tips Health Tips Home Remedies Nutrition Facts Lifestyle and Wellness Travel & Health Yoga Consumer Health Doctors Beauty Tips Dark Circles Deep Sunken Eyes Eye Puffiness View All Lifestyle and Wellness Beat Diseases With Bell Peppers Everything You Need To Know About Ketogenic Diet How to Remove a Tattoo View All Health Tips Child Health Diet and Nutrition Senior Health View All Nutrition Facts Baby Foods Baked Products Breakfast Cereals View All Home Remedies Acidity Acne Alcoholism View All Diet and Nutrition Anti-ageing Foods Best Foods That Aid Digestion Bone Strengthening Foods Complementary Medicine Acupuncture Ayurveda Aromatherapy View All Obesity and Weight Loss Obesity Obesity and Carbohydrates Obesity and Malnutrition News Health News A-Z Health News Central Latest Health News Leading Resources News Photo Gallery News Video Gallery Popular Health News Special Reports Latest Press Releases Press Releases A-Z Press Release Archive Submit Press Releases Writing a Press Release News Health News A-Z Health News Central Latest Health News Leading Resources News Photo Gallery News Video Gallery Health Special Reports Popular Health News Interviews and In depth Reports Health Watch Health In Focus India Special Lifestyle and Wellness Press Releases Latest Press Releases Press Releases A-Z Press Release Archive Press Release Comments Submit Press Releases Writing a Press Release Health A-Z Health Insurance Health Topics Health Encyclopedia First Aid Guide Health Facts Health Quiz Blood Tests Phobia Health Care Glossary Insurance Glossary Medical Acronyms Medical Aphorism Medical Mnemonics Health Guide Diet and Nutrition First Aid Guide Health Topics Health Encyclopedia Health Calculators Health Facts Health Quiz   Health News Health News RSS Medical Lab Test Medical Humour Phobias Press Release Surgical Procedures Drugs Drug Information Drug Price List Drug Brands in India Drug Toxicity Drugs by Conditions Drug Interaction with Foods Therapeutic Drug Classification Search Info Doctor Homepage Hospital Homepage Indian Doctors Online Search Open Access Journals Universities In India Articles Disease & Condition Diet & Nutrition Surgical Procedure Lifestyle and Wellness Investigation and Procedure Articles Preventive Health Symptom Articles Sleep Cancer Drug Related Articles Hair Loss Health Insurance Articles Health Screening Test e-Health Publications Complementary Medicine Condition By Specialty Health Topics Complementary Medicine Cancer Color Therapy Disease & Condition Diet & Nutrition First Aid Guide   Hair Loss Health Facts Health Insurance Health Special Reports Health Screening Test Lifestyle and Wellness   Symptom Articles Laboratory Test Medical Procedures Preventive Health Sleep   Surgical Procedures Travel and Health Yoga and Lifestyle Drug Related Articles e-Health Publications Calculators Diabetes Risk Assessment Calculator Pediatric Calculators Height and Weight Calculator Health Risk Assessment Tools Clinical Tools Cardiac Risk Calculator Lifestyle Interactive Tools Miscellaneous Tools Women's Health Calculator Men's Health Calculators Nutrition Calculator Pharma Tools Health Clock Conversion Calculators Latest Health Calculators Popular Health Calculators Diabetes Tools Blood Sugar-Conversion Blood Sugar Chart Diabetes Risk Assessment Calculator View All Pediatric Calculators Height and Weight for Children Development Milestone Immunisation View All Men's Health Check Your Prostate Gland Depression Calculator Preventive Health - Screening Tests View All Women's Health Multiple Pregnancy Calculator Ovulation Calculator Pregnancy Due Date Calculator View All Height Weight Tools Frame Size Calculator Height and Weight for Children Ideal Baby Weight Ideal Body Weight - Adults View All Cardiac Tools Activity Calorie Calculator Lifetime Risk of Heart Attack Cholesterol Risk Calculator View All Other Categories Cardiac Tools Clinical Tools Conversion Tools Health Clocks Health Risk Assessment Tools Lifestyle Interactive Tools Miscellaneous Tools Nutrition Utilities Pharma Tools Drugs Drugs by Condition Drug Information Drug Price Drug Brands in India Drug Toxicity FDA Approved Drugs ICD Codes Drug Interaction with Foods Therapeutic Drug Classification Drugs - Side Effects How to Take Drugs Drugs by Specialty Health Conditions Due to Drugs FDA Labeling Changes Ayurveda Drug Manufacturers Banned Drugs in India Drug Policy Drug Price - Act Pharma Councils Associations Pharma Links Drugs by Condition Abdominal Pain Abortion Acne View All Drug Information Aceclofenac Albendazole Ambroxol View All Drug Price List - Brand Names Acetaminophen Acyclovir Aspirin View All Drug Interaction with Food Alprazolam Amiodarone Amisulpride View All Drugs - Side Effects Abarelix Aclarubicin Alogliptin View All FDA Approved Drugs Ado-Trastuzumab Emtansine Alogliptin And Metformin Alogliptin And Pioglitazone View All Drug Database ICD Codes Drugs by Specialty Health Condtions Due to Drugs Drug Toxicity Drug Brands FDA Labeling Changes Therapeutic Classification of Drugs How to Take Drugs View All Directories Master Healthcare Directory Doctors Master Directory Doctor Directory Hospital Directory Chemist Directory Emergency Services Pharma Directory Surgical Suppliers NGO Directory International Hospital Directory Pincode Directory Ayuveda Colleges Dental Colleges Homepathy Colleges Medical Colleges Nursing Colleges Pharma Colleges Siddha Colleges Unani Colleges Doctor Directory Allopathy Doctors Allied Healthcare Members Add Doctors Doctor Master Directory Doctors by City Dentist Search By Specialty Hospital Directory Hospital Directory Hospitals by City International Hospital Directory Chemist Directory Add Chemists Chemist Directory Chemist Directory by City Surgical Suppliers Add Surgical Suppliers Surgical Suppliers Surgical Suppliers By City Pharma Directory Add Pharma Pharma Directory Pharma Directory by City Emergency Services Ambulance Blood Bank Day and Night Chemists Eye Bank Home Care Nursing Hospital Trauma Care Oxygen Services Education Universities In India Ministry of Health MCI Guidelines National Board of Examinations Surgical Training In UK CGFNS CGFNS Centers FRCS in UK MCQ Bank PLAB USMLE Centers USMLE Distance Education Topics International Journals Indian Journals Open Access Journals Colleges Ayurveda Colleges Dental Colleges Homeopathy Colleges Medical Colleges Nursing Colleges Pharma Colleges Siddha Colleges Unani Colleges PG Education Bio Informatics Degree Courses Diploma Courses Ministry of Health MCI Guidelines National Board of Examinations Surgical Training in UK Family Medicine Biomedical Ethics Chest Pain Classification of Burns Fever in Children Incision and Drainage of Abscess Low Back Pain Urinary Tract Infection View All Search Conferences Disease FAQs International Journals Indian Journals Journals Open Access Medical Dictionary Medical Acronyms Medical Mnemonics Other Resources CGFNS Centers Education News FRCS in UK Health Statistics Medical Electives MCQ Bank PLAB USMLE Centers More Health Polls Medindia Specials Syndromes Amazing Body Facts Health Survey World Health Days Consumer Protection Act Know your Body Health Statistics Medical Electives Medicine, Art & Literature Services Free Medical Downloads Advertise on Medindia Alumni Baby Names Buy and Sell E-Health Records Free Home Pages Mini Health Check up Medical Jobs Medindia Specials Health Acts in India Health Quotations Medical Aphorism Medical Conference Nobel Prize in Medicine Ribbon for a Cause Stamps on Doctors View All Health Insurance Health Insurance News Insurance Articles Insurance Companies- India Insurance Companies- United States Insurance Brokers List List of TPAs View All Other Health Resources ICD Codes Amazing Body Facts Health Poll Consumer Protection Act Health Survey Know Your Body Print Oath Syndromes World Health Days Medindia General Health News IVF a Blessing, Director-Choreographer Farah Khan Encourage Couples Who Can't Conceive by Bidita Debnath on  February 7, 2017 at 11:43 PM General Health News Director-choreographer Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can't conceive to go for specialized treatment, and says she herself underwent the IVF procedure which proved to be a blessing for her life. IVF a Blessing, Director-Choreographer Farah Khan Encourage Couples Who Can't Conceive Advertisement Farah, who is married to Shirish Kunder, said they had failed attempts of trying to have a baby naturally for two years, before they went for the IVF treatment. Now they are parents to triplets -- one son, and two daughters. ‘"Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too," says Farah Khan, who became a mother at the age of 43.’ Advertisement IVF is a blessing and I am really thankful as it has changed my life. A lot of factors today make it difficult for some couples to conceive, but we have solutions in the form of treatments. And I strongly believe in IVF, it helped me conceive my angels. "Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too," Farah, who became a mother at the age of 43, said in a statement. The 52-year-old in association with Merck, pioneers in treatment of infertility, recently released a video for the cause. It features a personal memoir of Farah's journey to parenthood. She shares a vivid recollection of her fears, challenges, doubts and ultimately her story of hope, belief and positivity towards IVF that led her to become a mother. Merck released this video as part of their 'Parents of Fertility' awareness initiative that helps and supports couples in India through this journey of parenthood. Speaking about the campaign, Anand Nambiar, Managing Director, Merck India, said: "We are happy to share that our awareness efforts now have a new face and voice with actor, director and choreographer Farah Khan, coming on board as a Cause Ambassador for our 'Parents of Fertility' digital awareness initiative. "Merck has taken many small steps over the years to spread awareness on infertility as we understand that seeking treatment is emotionally and physically challenging. With this video we expect to reach out to millions of couples seeking help with the message that infertility can be dealt with and one should not lose hope and seek help of specialists to fulfil their dream." Source: IANS ← Cortisol Functions Differently When Exposed to Stressful Situations Psychotherapy may Restore Brain Changes in Patients Suffering from Social Phobia → Advertisement Post your Comments Comments should be on the topic and should not be abusive. The editorial team reserves the right to review and moderate the comments posted on the site. * Your comment can be maximum of 2500 characters Notify me when reply is posted I agree to the terms and conditions Post Comments Your comments are automatically posted once they are submitted. All comments are however constantly reviewed for spam and irrelevant material (such as product or personal advertisements, email addresses, telephone numbers and website address). Such insertions do not conform to our policy and 'Terms of Use' and are either deleted or edited and republished. Please keep your comments brief and relevant.This section may also have questions seeking help. If you have the information you are welcome to respond, but please ensure that the information so provided is genuine and not misleading. You May Also Like Simple Test to Identify Amyloidosis-Related Heart Failure Antivirals are Effective, Affordable During Severe Flu Seasons Novel 3-D Heart to Help Improve Cardiac Treatment Uterine Glands Produce Several Key Factors for Sustaining Pregnancies Related Links IVF Surrogacy Can Benefit Woman With Underdeveloped Vagina A 29-year-old female having a rare medical problem -- in which patients have an underdeveloped vagina and uterus -- was able to conceive through IVF surrogacy. IVF Calculator to Predict Chances of Pregnancy The calculator can estimate a couples chance of having a baby before and after first IVF treatment, and over multiple cycles. Hormone Levels in Hair can Affect IVF Success Rate Nearly 27 percent of the variance in pregnancy outcome was accounted for by hair cortisol concentrations and so reducing cortisol levels has better results. Endometrial Receptivity Analysis Best for Women Unable to Conceive Through IVF Endometrial Receptivity Analysis is the best solution for women unable to conceive even after In Vitro Fertilisation treatment due to wrong window implantation. Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) Find out more about the degenerative disease- Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Artificial Insemination Artificial Insemination is a medical procedure usually used to treat infertility. In this procedure, sperm is placed into a female''s vagina, uterus or fallopian tubes by artificial means. In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) Encyclopedia section of medindia gives a brief introduction to infertility and reproduction Infertility Infertility is a condition wherein couples fail to achieve pregnancy or if the woman has been unable to carry a pregnancy that results in a live birth. Uterus Transplantation / Womb Transplantation - Advantage and Disadvantages Learn more about uterus or womb transplantation. Its indications, types, complications, advantages, disadvantages and scientific implications. More News on: In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) Infertility Artificial Insemination Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) Uterus Transplantation / Womb Transplantation - Advantage and Disadvantages  Advertisement News A - Z A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z News Search X Medindia Newsletters Subscribe to our Free Newsletters! Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Stay Connected Follow @Medindia facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked in Stumbleupon Pinterest Delicious RSS Facebook What's New on Medindia Yoga for Improving Fertility Infertility yoga is a natural way to aid conception. It involves yoga and de-stressing techniques ... Learn What Your Tongue Says About Your General Health The tongue aids in chewing, talking and oral cleansing. However, it may also be an indicator of ... Retinitis Pigmentosa Retinitis pigmentosa is an inherited degenerative disorder which affects retina's ability to ... View All News Resource News Central Popular News Latest Health News News Category A-Z (500+) Health News and Press Release News Archive News Photo Gallery Lifestyle and Wellness Health Watch Health In Focus Celebrating Life Breaking Health News News From Other Resources India Special News Video Gallery Medindia Exclusive - Interviews and In depth Reports News Category AIDS/HIV News Alcohol & Drug Abuse News Alternative Medicine News Anti-Aging News Bird Flu News Cancer News Celebrity Health News Chikungunya News Child Health News Cholesterol News Clinical Trials News Corporate News Dengue News Dental News Diabetes News Diet & Nutrition News Drug News Education News Environmental Health General Health News Genetics & Stem Cells News Health Insurance News Heart Disease News Hospital News Hypertension News Indian Health News Lifestyle News Medical Gadgets Medical PDA News Medico Legal News Men´s Health News Mental Health News News on IT in Healthcare Nursing Profession News Obesity News Organ Donation News Research News Respiratory Disease News Senior Health News Sexual Health News Tropical Disease News Weight Loss Women Health News Uttarakhand Has Rich People But Children With Poor Health No Links Terminated With Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation: Health Ministry New Method Predicts the Onset of Flu Epidemics Baby Boy Born from 16-Year-Old Frozen Embryo in China Underestimating the Time You Lose in Facebook More General Health News News Archive Date: DAY 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 MONTH Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun July Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec YEAR 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 Category: All Categories AIDS/HIV News Alcohol & Drug Abuse News Alternative Medicine News Anti-Aging News Bird Flu News Cancer News Celebrity Health News Chikungunya News Child Health News Cholesterol News Clinical Trials News Corporate News Dengue News Dental News Diabetes News Diet & Nutrition News Drug News Education News Environmental Health General News Genetics & Stem Cells News Health Insurance News Heart Disease News Hospital News Hypertension News Indian Health News Lifestyle News Medical Gadgets Medical PDA News Medico Legal News Men´s Health News Mental Health News News on IT in Healthcare Nursing Profession News Obesity News Organ Donation News Press Release Research News Respiratory Disease News Senior Health News Sexual Health News Tropical Disease News Weight Loss Women Health News Keyword: About us Careers Benefits of Registration Advertising Policy Contact Us Press Sitemap Feedback Partnership Inquires Request to Use Medindia Content Unsubscribe Disclaimer - All information and content on this site are for information and educational purposes only. The information should not be used for either diagnosis or treatment or both for any health related problem or disease. Always seek the advice of a qualified physician for medical diagnosis and treatment. Full Disclaimer Advertise with us | Medindia Copyright | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © All Rights Reserved 1997 - 2017 This site complies with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.
DAX ®11.666,97+0,21%TecDAX ®1.870,65+0,74%S&P FUTURE2.312,70+0,36%Nasdaq 100 Future5.226,75+0,29% Anmelden oder kostenlos registrieren Benutzername: Passwort: Angemeldet bleiben: Passwort vergessen? Wertpapiere & Kurse News & Analysen Geld & Vorsorge Mein finanztreff Brokervergleich Überblick Suche Topthemen Finanzmarkt Termine Analysen Marktkommentare Panorama Videos Specials Börsenbriefe Überblick Marktberichte Überblick Aktien & Indizes Devisen Anleihen Rohstoffe Länder & Regionen Wirtschaftsnachrichten Überblick Wirtschaft & Politik Zentralbanken Branchen Überblick Automotive Banken Chemieindustrie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleister Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherer Weitere Branchen... Unternehmen Deutschland Europa (EU) USA & Amerika Asien Sonstige EQS-Unternehmenscenter News zu ... Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs IPO (Börsengänge) Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Ausbildung zum erfolgreichen Börsenhändler. Jetzt kostenlos! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Exklusiv: finanztreff.de Kunden erhalten 3 Monate Goldkonditionen Startseite > News & Analysen > Finanzmarkt EQS-News: Clustermarket Ltd.: UK's first online marketplace for scientists breaks down barriers to entry for life science start-ups 07.02.2017 - 15:40 | Quelle: Dow Jones Newswire Web Dow Jones received a payment from EQS/DGAP to publish this press release. === EQS-News: Clustermarket Ltd. / Key word(s): Miscellaneous Clustermarket Ltd.: UK's first online marketplace for scientists breaks down barriers to entry for life science start-ups 07-Feb-2017 / 14:40 GMT/BST *Press release* *London * *7 February 2017* *UK's first online marketplace for scientists breaks down barriers to entry for life science start-ups* For the first time , companies and scientists will be able to book expertise, lab space and equipment outside their institution via an online platform, creating a new dawn for independent life science research in the UK. Clustermarket (www.clustermarket.com [1]) has launched in partnership with Merck Accelerator as the UK's first online marketplace for scientists - enabling grassroots scientific research and 'access for all' in life sciences. This new 'science on demand' online platform, inspired by the AirBnB model, now allows UK science administrators, experts and institutions to rent out their technologies (equipment, software), infrastructures and services direct to start-up companies and innovators - initially with a focus in life science. As a result of Clustermarket platform, research and development in the life science industry will be more affordable and less time consuming - making it easier for start-ups to breakthrough with innovation and bridge the 'Valley of Death' (a term traditionally coined because life science start-ups and scientists have found it difficult to initiate research due to the high associated costs, thereby hindering discovery). Clustermarket co-founder and CEO Johannes Solzbach says: _"Before Clustermarket, a scientist who required a mass spectrometer (a piece of equipment most commonly used in life science research) would have had to pay up to half a million GPB on top of other equipment needed._ _Through Clustermarket they now have access to this type of equipment on demand, thereby enabling more research and removing barriers to entry._ _We are proud to be the frontrunners in the democratisation of scientific research, which traditionally has had its reins held by massive institutions and corporations._ _By launching Clustermarket we have initiated change in the research process, making it faster and affordable, and creating a better outlook for all in the industry by providing a platform for collaboration and innovation." _ In the first stage of its journey Clustermarket has secured a partnership with Merck, the international developer, manufacturer and distributor of pharmaceuticals. Merck Accelerator says: _"We are delighted to partner with the UK¹s first sharing platform for life_ _Sciences via our Accelerator program. The partnership enables Merck to support the grassroots of scientific research - an area which traditionally has held large financial barriers to entry due to the expensive costs of acquiring lab equipment and expertise. _ _We are confident the partnership with Clustermarket will enable a_ _whole new shared economy and unprecedented access for life science research, in turn fostering new levels of breakthrough and understanding." _ -ends- Contact: *Media and press enquiries:* Melissa Gilmour Lily & Piper melissa@lilyandpiper.com [2] *Business enquiries contact:* Johannes Solzbach CEO jsolzbach@clustermarket.com www.clustermarket.com *About Clustermarket* Clustermarket is an online sharing platform for all stakeholders to list, discover and book technology, lab equipment and expertise within their institution or cluster. Clustermarket increases innovation by supporting collaboration and transparency. Dissemination of a UK FINANCIAL NEWS, transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. End of Announcement - EQS News Service 542481 07-Feb-2017 1: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=39c49576e422d958003382d45ed905db&application_id=542481&site_id=vwd&application_name=news 2: mailto:melissa@lilyandpiper.com === (END) Dow Jones Newswires February 07, 2017 09:40 ET (14:40 GMT) Meistgelesen Datum Meldung 10.02. MÄRKTE USA/Mit Steuerfantasie erneut auf Rekordhoch 10.02. Lastwagen-Chef Bernhard muss Daimler verlassen 10.02. ROUNDUP/Aktien New York Schluss: Präsident Trump hält die Börsen auf Rekordfahrt 10.02. dpa-AFX Überblick: ANALYSTEN-EINSTUFUNGEN der Woche vom 06. bis 10.02.2017 10.02. Devisen: Eurokurs im weiteren US-Handelslauf nur wenig bewegt weitere oft gelesene Nachrichten Werbung Weitere News von Dow Jones Newswire Web Datum Meldung 06:15 HINWEIS/Abkürzungen bei Dow Jones Newswires Deutschland 02:30 Impressum 10.02. PRESSEMITTEILUNG/MYNEWSDESK Medienhinweis: Bombardier wird am 16.Februar2017 seine Finanzergebnisse für das 4.Quartal und das Geschäftsjahr 2016 bekanntgeben (mit Bildern) 10.02. PTA-Adhoc: Gebr. Sanders GmbH und Co. KG: Einigung mit strategischem Investor zur Durchführung einer übertragenden Sanierung 10.02. NACHBÖRSE (22:00)/XDAX unv. bei 11.664 Punkten Topthemen Datum Meldung 10:28 VW-Personalchef: Durch E-Autos weniger Jobs im Autobau 09:13 US-Topnotenbanker tritt zurück - Mehr Spielraum für Trump 10.02. Lastwagen-Chef Bernhard muss Daimler verlassen 10.02. Dax knapp im Plus - MDax mit Rekordmarke 10.02. Billigflieger legen zum Sommer kräftig zu weitere Topthemen Werbung Presseschau Datum Meldung 10.02. boerse.ARD.de Dow zeigt dem Dax wie es geht 10.02. Kraftstoffpreise: Wer abends tankt, der spart 10.02. boerse.ARD.de Der Dax ist ein Underperformer 10.02. Opec-Förderbremse: Die Welt produziert deutlich weniger Öl 10.02. Dollar und Yen: Währungsplausch auf dem Grün zur Presseschau Länderüberblick zu Länder & Regionen Weitere News zu... Wertpapieren: Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Derivate Branchen: Automobile Banken Chemie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleistungen Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherungen Weitere Branchen... Kommentare: Ronald Gehrt Ralf Goerke Investmentecke Emittenten Themen: Marktberichte Wirtschaft & Politik Länder & Regionen Topthemen Panorama Geld & Vorsorge Werbung Jetzt Wünsche erfüllen mit dem PrivatKredit der Degussa Bank. |Bid & Ask Newsletter kostenlos lesen! |Das ATB Tagesgeldkonto - Transparenz für Ihr Geld Top Baufinanzierung bei der Degussa Bank Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Lehrreiche Webinare, informatives Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Werbung Pushverbindungen werden nach 20 Minuten automatisch getrennt. Verzögerungszeiten: Kurs, Bid/Ask realtime Kurs verzögert, Bid/Ask realtime +15 Min. +20 Min. etc. Schlusskurs oder Spotkurs Nie mehr ein Update dieser Seite verpassen, finanztreff.de RSS-Feeds abonnieren! Investmentecke Topthemen Marktberichte Insidertrades Empfehlungen Nachrichten Adhoc Wirtschaft & Politik Sport Suchen & Finden auf finanztreff.de Aktien Chartsignale Aktienvergleich Fonds Top Service Fonds ETF ETF-Vergleich ETC Anleihen Mittelstandsanleihen Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Indizes Indizes Deutschland DAX Realtime Devisen Crossrates Währungsrechner Rohstoffpreise Top-Nachrichten Musterdepot & Watchlist kostenlose Realtimekurse Planspiel Börse mobile Tools von finanztreff.de und vwd finanztreff.de mobil finanztreff.de iPhone App Wissenstests, Hilfe & Börsenlexikon auf finanztreff.de Hilfe Lexika: Börsenlexikon Fondslexikon Wissenstests: Aktien Fonds Zertifikate Hebelprodukte Über finanztreff.de Impressum Nutzungshinweise Kontakt Verzögerungszeiten Inhaltelizenzierung Mediadaten Jobs © 2017 vwd netsolutions GmbH part of the vwd.com vwdgroup.ch moneyspecial.de QuickChart Quicknews Umfrage Neu/Blog Empfehlen Neue Newsletter Aktualisieren Exklusives Angebot Diese Seite empfehlenschliessen Interessant, oder? Teilen Sie diese Seite auf Facebook, Google+ oder Twitter Aktuelle Umfrageschliessen Deutschland exportiert so viel wie noch nie - neues Futter für Trump. Wird er uns in die Parade fahren? Ja, mögliche Handelsvorteile zu Lasten der USA will er bekämpfen. Nein, auf einen Handelskrieg wird er sich nicht einlassen. Jetzt abstimmen! Alle Umfragen ansehen Börse Stuttgart Anlegerclubschliessen Attraktive Preise zu gewinnen! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart verlost beim Gewinnspiel "Trade & Win" regelmäßig attraktive Preise. Außerdem profitieren Mitglieder von lehrreichen Live-Webinaren, einem informativen Anlegermagazin und vielem mehr. Jetzt kostenlos Mitglied werden
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Cinema-Showbiz NTR's widow to move court if biopic shows Naidu as hero Yoga can help relieve back pain Business Standard IVF a blessing, Farah Khan urges couples who can't conceive IANS  |  Mumbai  February 7, 2017 Last Updated at 14:32 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTMU8d ALSO READ Deepika has become a fabulous actor, says Farah Khan Not making a sequel of 'Main Hoon Naa': Farah Khan Nothing derogatory about 'item numbers': Farah Khan Bollywood sans song and dance will become like Hollywood: Farah Khan (IANS Interview) Farah Khan loved Hrithik in 'Mohenjo Daro' (Movie Snippets) Director-choreographer Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can't conceive to go for specialized treatment, and says she herself underwent the IVF procedure which proved to be a blessing for her. Farah, who is married to Shirish Kunder, said they had failed attempts of trying to have a baby naturally for two years, before they went for the IVF treatment. Now they are parents to triplets -- one son, and two daughters. "IVF is a blessing and I am really thankful as it has changed my life. A lot of factors today make it difficult for some couples to conceive, but we have solutions in the form of treatments. And I strongly believe in IVF, it helped me conceive my angels. "Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too," Farah, who became a mother at the age of 43, said in a statement. The 52-year-old in association with Merck, pioneers in treatment of infertility, recently released a video for the cause. It features a personal memoir of Farah's journey to parenthood. She shares a vivid recollection of her fears, challenges, doubts and ultimately her story of hope, belief and positivity towards IVF that led her to become a mother. Merck released this video as part of their 'Parents of Fertility' awareness initiative that helps and supports couples in India through this journey of parenthood. Speaking about the campaign, Anand Nambiar, Managing Director, Merck India, said: "We are happy to share that our awareness efforts now have a new face and voice with actor, director and choreographer Farah Khan, coming on board as a Cause Ambassador for our 'Parents of Fertility' digital awareness initiative. "Merck has taken many small steps over the years to spread awareness on infertility as we understand that seeking treatment is emotionally and physically challenging. With this video we expect to reach out to millions of couples seeking help with the message that infertility can be dealt with and one should not lose hope and seek help of specialists to fulfil their dream." --IANS nv/rb/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Farah Khan | News-ians | Cinema-showbiz PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? IVF a blessing, Farah Khan urges couples who can't conceive Director-choreographer Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can't conceive to go for specialized treatment, and says she herself underwent the IVF procedure which proved to be a blessing for her. Director-choreographer Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can't conceive to go for specialized treatment, and says she herself underwent the IVF procedure which proved to be a blessing for her. Farah, who is married to Shirish Kunder, said they had failed attempts of trying to have a baby naturally for two years, before they went for the IVF treatment. Now they are parents to triplets -- one son, and two daughters. "IVF is a blessing and I am really thankful as it has changed my life. A lot of factors today make it difficult for some couples to conceive, but we have solutions in the form of treatments. And I strongly believe in IVF, it helped me conceive my angels. "Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too," Farah, who became a mother at the age of 43, said in a statement. The 52-year-old in association with Merck, pioneers in treatment of infertility, recently released a video for the cause. It features a personal memoir of Farah's journey to parenthood. She shares a vivid recollection of her fears, challenges, doubts and ultimately her story of hope, belief and positivity towards IVF that led her to become a mother. Merck released this video as part of their 'Parents of Fertility' awareness initiative that helps and supports couples in India through this journey of parenthood. Speaking about the campaign, Anand Nambiar, Managing Director, Merck India, said: "We are happy to share that our awareness efforts now have a new face and voice with actor, director and choreographer Farah Khan, coming on board as a Cause Ambassador for our 'Parents of Fertility' digital awareness initiative. "Merck has taken many small steps over the years to spread awareness on infertility as we understand that seeking treatment is emotionally and physically challenging. With this video we expect to reach out to millions of couples seeking help with the message that infertility can be dealt with and one should not lose hope and seek help of specialists to fulfil their dream." --IANS nv/rb/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 IVF a blessing, Farah Khan urges couples who can't conceive Director-choreographer Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can't conceive to go for specialized treatment, and says she herself underwent the IVF procedure which proved to be a blessing for her. Farah, who is married to Shirish Kunder, said they had failed attempts of trying to have a baby naturally for two years, before they went for the IVF treatment. Now they are parents to triplets -- one son, and two daughters. "IVF is a blessing and I am really thankful as it has changed my life. A lot of factors today make it difficult for some couples to conceive, but we have solutions in the form of treatments. And I strongly believe in IVF, it helped me conceive my angels. "Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too," Farah, who became a mother at the age of 43, said in a statement. The 52-year-old in association with Merck, pioneers in treatment of infertility, recently released a video for the cause. It features a personal memoir of Farah's journey to parenthood. She shares a vivid recollection of her fears, challenges, doubts and ultimately her story of hope, belief and positivity towards IVF that led her to become a mother. Merck released this video as part of their 'Parents of Fertility' awareness initiative that helps and supports couples in India through this journey of parenthood. Speaking about the campaign, Anand Nambiar, Managing Director, Merck India, said: "We are happy to share that our awareness efforts now have a new face and voice with actor, director and choreographer Farah Khan, coming on board as a Cause Ambassador for our 'Parents of Fertility' digital awareness initiative. "Merck has taken many small steps over the years to spread awareness on infertility as we understand that seeking treatment is emotionally and physically challenging. With this video we expect to reach out to millions of couples seeking help with the message that infertility can be dealt with and one should not lose hope and seek help of specialists to fulfil their dream." --IANS nv/rb/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Budget 2017 SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others IVF a blessing, Farah Khan urges couples who can't conceive IVF a blessing, Farah Khan urges couples who can't conceive Source : Last Updated: Tue, Feb 07, 2017 14:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print Mumbai, Feb 7 (IANS) Director-choreographer Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can't conceive to go for specialized treatment, and says she herself underwent the IVF procedure which proved to be a blessing for her. Farah, who is married to Shirish Kunder, said they had failed attempts of trying to have a baby naturally for two years, before they went for the IVF treatment. Now they are parents to triplets -- one son, and two daughters. "IVF is a blessing and I am really thankful as it has changed my life. A lot of factors today make it difficult for some couples to conceive, but we have solutions in the form of treatments. And I strongly believe in IVF, it helped me conceive my angels. "Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too," Farah, who became a mother at the age of 43, said in a statement. The 52-year-old in association with Merck, pioneers in treatment of infertility, recently released a video for the cause. It features a personal memoir of Farah's journey to parenthood. She shares a vivid recollection of her fears, challenges, doubts and ultimately her story of hope, belief and positivity towards IVF that led her to become a mother. Merck released this video as part of their 'Parents of Fertility' awareness initiative that helps and supports couples in India through this journey of parenthood. Speaking about the campaign, Anand Nambiar, Managing Director, Merck India, said: "We are happy to share that our awareness efforts now have a new face and voice with actor, director and choreographer Farah Khan, coming on board as a Cause Ambassador for our 'Parents of Fertility' digital awareness initiative. "Merck has taken many small steps over the years to spread awareness on infertility as we understand that seeking treatment is emotionally and physically challenging. With this video we expect to reach out to millions of couples seeking help with the message that infertility can be dealt with and one should not lose hope and seek help of specialists to fulfil their dream." --IANS nv/rb/vm SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Are F-16s a good choice for the Indian Air Force? Modi and Manmohan are both raincoat rulers Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Congress sees BJP hand in OPS's revolt against Sasikala Chennai Oil Spill: Fishermen bear the brunt of the accident About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Biotechnology * Chemistry * Science * More Tags... Industry News * Biotech * More Industries... News By Location * Cambridge   Massachusetts   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News February 2017 Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo Su 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 The Pistoia Alliance and Scilligence Announce HELM Web Editor Open Source Editor for Encoding and Creating a Single Notation for Biomolecules     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Biotechnology * Chemistry * Science Industry: * Biotech Location: * Cambridge - Massachusetts - USCAMBRIDGE, Mass. - Feb. 8, 2017 - PRLog -- The Pistoia Alliance and Scilligence Corporation are pleased to announce the release of the HELM Web Editor, which brings HELM's industry standard biomolecular representation to the browser, greatly enhancing the deployability of the technology for its adopters. As the therapeutic utilization of complex and unique biomolecules has become commonplace in drug discovery R&D, scientists have struggled to represent these entities in their information systems, forcing them to use various "pick and mix" approaches that include multiple nomenclatures and textual descriptions. HELM, the open biomolecular representation standard, has solved this problem by providing a means to represent various types of complex macromolecules (e.g. nucleotides, proteins, antibodies and antibody-drug conjugates) including those that contain non-natural elements such as chemically modified amino acids. The Pistoia Alliance formalized the HELM notation, originally created by Pfizer scientists as an open standard in early 2013, and publicly released the related software toolkit and editor to the Open Source community. Since its release, HELM has benefited from a growing ecosystem of global adopters and contributors including organizations such as Bristol Myers Squibb, Pfizer, Novartis, Roche, GSK, Ionis, Merck and Co, Scilligence, NextMove Software, ACD/Labs, Arxspan, BioChemfusion, Dassault Systèmes BIOVIA, ChemAxon, Perkin-Elmer, quattro research, EMBL-EBI, NCBI (PubChem), and RDKit. While the original HELM Applet editor, supporting HELM Notation 1.0 and developed using Java, made it easier for scientists to draw and view macromolecules, technology evolved, leaving the applet unsupported by many browsers. The new HELM Web Editor is completely built on JavaScript, which removes dependencies and increases the compatibilities with modern browsers. 2017 will see further updates to the web editor to add monomer and ruleset management, support for the HELM 2.0 ambiguity features and antibody editing. As major contributors to this project, Novartis AG and Ionis Pharmaceuticals are adopting the new HELM Web Editor. Dr. Eric Swayze, Vice President of Chemistry and Neuroscience Drug Discovery at Ionis Pharmaceuticals adds: "The new HELM Web Editor makes it easier for our scientists to adopt the HELM technologies, which helps them to more efficiently represent and register complex chemically modified biomolecules, which facilitates exchange of information within the team." Dr. Jinbo Lee, CSO of Scilligence adds: "We appreciate the opportunity working on the project. The new HELM Web Editor's zero-footprint and enhanced usability will help the scientific community including life-science, academic, and technology organizations adopt the HELM standard." About Pistoia Alliance The Pistoia Alliance is a global, not-for-profit members' organization made up of life science companies, technology and service providers, publishers, and academic groups working to lower barriers to innovation in life science and healthcare R&D. It was conceived in 2007 and incorporated in 2009 by representatives of AstraZeneca, GSK, Novartis and Pfizer who met at a conference in Pistoia, Italy. Its projects transform R&D through pre-competitive collaboration. It overcomes common R&D obstacles by identifying the root causes, developing standards and best practices, sharing pre-competitive data and knowledge, and implementing technology pilots. There are currently over 80 member companies; members collaborate on projects that generate significant value for the worldwide life sciences R&D community, using the Pistoia Alliance's proven framework for open innovation. www.pistoiaalliance.org About Scilligence Scilligence is a leading innovator of web-based cheminformatics and bioinformatics solutions designed for any device, browser, and platform. Scilligence's tools enhance the knowledge sharing and productivity of researchers in discovery and development of small molecule and biologic therapeutics. www.scilligence.com Link to HELM Web Editor: https://pistoiaalliance.atlassian.net/wiki/display/PUB/Ne... Contact Scilligence ***@scilligence.com End Source : Scilligence Email : ***@scilligence.com Tags : Biotechnology, Chemistry, Science Industry : Biotech Location : Cambridge - Massachusetts - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Trending Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup Falguni Thakkar: Award-Winning Director of Photography (DP) & Digital Colorist Creating Impactful S Ann Zedlitz, MD "Dr. Z" to Appear on NBC's The Doctors Ellsworth Insurance Agency Hires New Employee Summer program lets high school students learn directly from The Concord Review Daily News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Domenico Winery San Carlos, CA hosts 9 wineries for February 12th Valentine's Wine & Chocolate event - 1177 views Certified Professional Coach Clinton Ages Hosts A Three Session Vision Board Summit - 233 views Grassroots group transforms Cattle Ranch into live-in Library & Arts Center - 222 views Howard University Site for 2017 Kick-Off of "I am Psyched" Pop-up Museum National Tour - 208 views Weekly News Top Women Entrepreneurs of Alaska nominees for 2017 announced - 3110 views Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Hanley Investment Group & Coldwell Banker DuFour Realty Arrange Sale of New STNL ULTA Beauty - 1519 views Transformation Day is February 18th - 1172 views Husband and Wife Filmmakers Release Their Romantic Comedy 2 YEARS OF LOVE on Valentine's Day - 1054 views Daily News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Domenico Winery San Carlos, CA hosts 9 wineries for February 12th Valentine's Wine & Chocolate event - 1177 views Certified Professional Coach Clinton Ages Hosts A Three Session Vision Board Summit - 233 views Grassroots group transforms Cattle Ranch into live-in Library & Arts Center - 222 views Howard University Site for 2017 Kick-Off of "I am Psyched" Pop-up Museum National Tour - 208 views Weekly News Top Women Entrepreneurs of Alaska nominees for 2017 announced - 3110 views Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Hanley Investment Group & Coldwell Banker DuFour Realty Arrange Sale of New STNL ULTA Beauty - 1519 views Transformation Day is February 18th - 1172 views Husband and Wife Filmmakers Release Their Romantic Comedy 2 YEARS OF LOVE on Valentine's Day - 1054 views PTC News Take the Chocolate Tour at Lennar's Heritage Active Adult communities - 388 views Next Gen® Family The Esquer's Showcased on CBS LA - 279 views New Homes at Foster Square Released for Sale - 183 views PM&E, Inc. Receives US$ 500,000 Investment in Cash And Appoints an Exclusive Agent for Asia - 180 views Save the Date for Lennar's The Grove Grand Opening Later This Month - 166 views Feb 08, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Lundbeck gives up on Alzheimer's drug, rival to Axovant pill Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Science News | Wed Feb 8, 2017 | 8:08am EST Lundbeck gives up on Alzheimer's drug, rival to Axovant pill By Ben Hirschler Two remaining late-stage clinical trials testing an experimental Alzheimer's drug from Denmark's Lundbeck have failed, scuppering hopes for the medicine and underscoring the difficulty of developing such treatments. Lundbeck's idalopirdine is a so-called 5-HT6 antagonist and is similar to another pill, called intepirdine, being developed by U.S. biotech firm Axovant Sciences. Unlike some higher profile Alzheimer's drugs from companies such as Eli Lilly and Merck & Co, idalopirdine was aimed at treating symptoms of the brain disorder, rather than halting progression of the underlying disease. The failure of Lundbeck's two latest Phase III trials is not a huge surprise, since the company and its Japanese partner Otsuka had already announced disappointing results from another late-stage trial in September. Taken together, Lundbeck said on Wednesday, the trials "do not demonstrate efficacy to support a regulatory submission". The setback casts further doubt on the 5-HT6 antagonist approach to fighting Alzheimer's, following discontinuation of another 5-HT6 antagonist last year from Pfizer that had reached mid-stage clinical testing. Shares in Lundbeck fell more than 4 percent after the company gave its update on idalopirdine alongside fourth-quarter financial results. Drugs working to block 5-HT6 are designed to promote the release of acetylcholine, a neurotransmitter needed for normal cognition. The idea is to use them alongside the existing drug donepezil to help patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer’s. Cholinesterase inhibitors, like donepezil, are currently among the few medical options for treating Alzheimer's patients. Looking ahead, drugmakers hope to use new types of medicines that target the build-up of certain proteins in the brain that are thought to impair cognition. The failure of one such closely watched experimental drug from Eli Lilly in November dealt a blow to this concept but experts believe subtly different therapies could still work. (Editing by Louise Heavens) Next In Science News Exclusive: SpaceX to hit fastest launch pace with new Florida site - executive CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. Space Exploration Technologies Corp, better known as SpaceX, plans to launch its Falcon 9 rockets every two to three weeks, its fastest rate since starting launches in 2010, once a new launch pad is put into service in Florida next week, the company's president told Reuters on Monday. Scientists find crop-destroying caterpillar spreading rapidly in Africa LONDON Scientists tracking a crop-destroying caterpillar known as armyworm say it is now spreading rapidly across mainland Africa and could reach tropical Asia and the Mediterranean in the next few years, threatening agricultural trade. Exclusive: Boeing's space taxis to use more than 600 3D-printed parts SEATTLE Boeing Co has hired a small company to make about 600 3D-printed parts for its Starliner space taxis, meaning key components in the United States manned space program are being built with additive manufacturing. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Global Prostacyclin Market Research Report Forecast 2016 to 2021: Market Study Report Market Research Report on Global Prostacyclin Market is a professional and in-depth research report. The Report include basic information like definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain overview, industry policies and plans, product specifications, manufacturing processes, cost structures and so on. This report studies Prostacyclin in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with Production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd., United Therapeutics Corporation, Gilead sciences, Bayer AG, SteadyMed Ltd., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Pfizer Inc., Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc., Arena Pharmaceuticals Inc., Merck & Co. Inc Request Discount Global Prostacyclin Market Research Report @ https://www.marketstudyreport.com/check-for-discount/?search=global-prostacyclin-market-research-report-2016/ Global Prostacyclin Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Prostacyclin in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India Global Prostacyclin Market Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I, Type II, Type III Global Prostacyclin Market Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Prostacyclin in each application, can be divided into Health care, Clinic, Hospital Request a sample copy @ https://www.marketstudyreport.com/request-a-sample/?search=global-prostacyclin-market-research-report-2016/ Table of Contents Global Prostacyclin Market Research Report 1 Prostacyclin Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Prostacyclin 1.2 Prostacyclin Segment by Type 1.3 Prostacyclin Segment by Application 1.4 Prostacyclin Market by Region 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Prostacyclin (2011-2021) 2 Global Prostacyclin Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Prostacyclin Production and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Global Prostacyclin Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.3 Global Prostacyclin Average Price by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.4 Manufacturers Prostacyclin Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Prostacyclin Market Competitive Situation and Trends 3 Global Prostacyclin Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 3.1 Global Prostacyclin Production and Market Share by Region (2011-2016) 3.2 Global Prostacyclin Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2011-2016) 3.3 Global Prostacyclin Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.4 North America Prostacyclin Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.5 Europe Prostacyclin Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.6 China Prostacyclin Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.7 Japan Prostacyclin Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.8 Southeast Asia Prostacyclin Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.9 India Prostacyclin Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 4 Global Prostacyclin Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.1 Global Prostacyclin Consumption by Regions (2011-2016) 4.2 North America Prostacyclin Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.3 Europe Prostacyclin Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.4 China Prostacyclin Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.5 Japan Prostacyclin Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.6 Southeast Asia Prostacyclin Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.7 India Prostacyclin Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) Browse full table Report @ https://www.marketstudyreport.com/reports/global-prostacyclin-market-research-report-2016/ Related Reports: – Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension -Opportunity Analysis and Forecast to 2024 GlobalData estimates the 2014 sales for pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) at approximately $3.45 billion across the 7MM covered in this report, which include the US, 5EU and Japan. The market will grow moderately at a CAGR of 3.20% during the 10-year forecast period, generating sales of approximately $4.75 billion at the end of 2024. The US market is expected to grow the fastest of the three regions, recording a CAGR of 3.70% and generating around 75% of global sales in 2024. The major drivers for this growth across the 7MM will be the launch of Actelion?s Uptravi and the increased use of double and triple combination therapy. https://www.marketstudyreport.com/reports/opportunityanalyzer-pulmonary-arterial-hypertension-opportunity-analysis-and-forecast-to-2024/ About Us: Centralize market research purchases across your entire organization in one place.Marketstudyreport.com allows you to manage and control all corporate research purchases to consolidate billing and vendor management. You can eliminate duplicate purchases and customize your content and license management. Contact Us: Market Study Report The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketstudyreport.com Website: https://www.marketstudyreport.com Connect with us: Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Electronics, Global Prostacyclin Industry, Global Prostacyclin Market, Google News, Health, hospital, Industry, Machinery, major, Markets, Prostacyclin, Prostacyclin Industry, Prostacyclin Market, satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Honda CR-V, HR-V y Fit reciben premio al „Mejor Vehículo por el Dinero 2017” de U.S. News & World Report Next PostNext CH2M Selected for Poland’s Lower Silesia Region’s Road Design Project Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Lundbeck gives up on Alzheimer's drug, rival to Axovant pill By Ben Hirschler ReutersFebruary 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share By Ben Hirschler (Reuters) - Two remaining late-stage clinical trials testing an experimental Alzheimer's drug from Denmark's Lundbeck have failed, scuppering hopes for the medicine and underscoring the difficulty of developing such treatments. Lundbeck's idalopirdine is a so-called 5-HT6 antagonist and is similar to another pill, called intepirdine, being developed by U.S. biotech firm Axovant Sciences. Unlike some higher profile Alzheimer's drugs from companies such as Eli Lilly and Merck & Co, idalopirdine was aimed at treating symptoms of the brain disorder, rather than halting progression of the underlying disease. The failure of Lundbeck's two latest Phase III trials is not a huge surprise, since the company and its Japanese partner Otsuka had already announced disappointing results from another late-stage trial in September. Taken together, Lundbeck said on Wednesday, the trials "do not demonstrate efficacy to support a regulatory submission". The setback casts further doubt on the 5-HT6 antagonist approach to fighting Alzheimer's, following discontinuation of another 5-HT6 antagonist last year from Pfizer that had reached mid-stage clinical testing. Shares in Lundbeck fell more than 4 percent after the company gave its update on idalopirdine alongside fourth-quarter financial results. Drugs working to block 5-HT6 are designed to promote the release of acetylcholine, a neurotransmitter needed for normal cognition. The idea is to use them alongside the existing drug donepezil to help patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer’s. Cholinesterase inhibitors, like donepezil, are currently among the few medical options for treating Alzheimer's patients. Looking ahead, drugmakers hope to use new types of medicines that target the build-up of certain proteins in the brain that are thought to impair cognition. The failure of one such closely watched experimental drug from Eli Lilly in November dealt a blow to this concept but experts believe subtly different therapies could still work. (Editing by Louise Heavens) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Hundreds of immigrants arrested in 'routine' U.S. enforcement surge 7994 messages7%71%22% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Behind the Scenes with 'Newsies' Cast Filming Show Live 1 messages Teen receives extremely blunt job rejection, fights back on Twitter 3111 messages5%73%22% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1277 messages5%58%37% This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored Shaq Dunks Cookies with His Mind, Talks Mental Toughness ‘Cash Me Ousside’ Girl Tells Dr. Phil That She Made Him Famous 195 messages4%71%25% Nordstrom Respond to President Trump's Angry Tweet 1269 messages4%70%26% Corruption Greed & Danger Collide on Feb 24th. CollideSponsored Maryland Mom Pleads Guilty in Beating Death of 9-Year-Old Son For Eating Piece of Birthday Cake 2516 messages5%56%39% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1073 messages9%23%68% Larry Birkhead on Relationship with Anna Nicole Smith, Raising Their Daughter 1 messages Expansive Living Between Dover & the Beaches Ryan HomesSponsored We're up to six Patriots players who have publicly said they won't visit the White House 7983 messages5%65%30% Rosamund Pike Rips Her Dress Live on The Tonight Show: ‘I Might Have Just Fallen Apart From Behind!’ 193 messages7%71%22% Protests Erupt in Los Angeles Following Reports of Immigration Raids D J: if you are here illlegally, YOU ARE A CRIMINAL. PERIOD. You have broken the law. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.9k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Lundbeck gives up on Alzheimer's drug, rival to Axovant pill Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Health | Wed Feb 8, 2017 | 6:38pm IST Lundbeck gives up on Alzheimer's drug, rival to Axovant pill By Ben Hirschler Two remaining late-stage clinical trials testing an experimental Alzheimer's drug from Denmark's Lundbeck have failed, scuppering hopes for the medicine and underscoring the difficulty of developing such treatments. Lundbeck's idalopirdine is a so-called 5-HT6 antagonist and is similar to another pill, called intepirdine, being developed by U.S. biotech firm Axovant Sciences. Unlike some higher profile Alzheimer's drugs from companies such as Eli Lilly and Merck & Co, idalopirdine was aimed at treating symptoms of the brain disorder, rather than halting progression of the underlying disease. The failure of Lundbeck's two latest Phase III trials is not a huge surprise, since the company and its Japanese partner Otsuka had already announced disappointing results from another late-stage trial in September. Taken together, Lundbeck said on Wednesday, the trials "do not demonstrate efficacy to support a regulatory submission". The setback casts further doubt on the 5-HT6 antagonist approach to fighting Alzheimer's, following discontinuation of another 5-HT6 antagonist last year from Pfizer that had reached mid-stage clinical testing. Shares in Lundbeck fell more than 4 percent after the company gave its update on idalopirdine alongside fourth-quarter financial results. Drugs working to block 5-HT6 are designed to promote the release of acetylcholine, a neurotransmitter needed for normal cognition. The idea is to use them alongside the existing drug donepezil to help patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer’s. Cholinesterase inhibitors, like donepezil, are currently among the few medical options for treating Alzheimer's patients. Looking ahead, drugmakers hope to use new types of medicines that target the build-up of certain proteins in the brain that are thought to impair cognition. The failure of one such closely watched experimental drug from Eli Lilly in November dealt a blow to this concept but experts believe subtly different therapies could still work. (Editing by Louise Heavens) Next In Health Venezuelan girl's diphtheria death highlights country's health crisis PARIAGUAN, Venezuela Eliannys Vivas, 9, started to get a sore throat on a Friday last month in this languid Venezuelan town where papaya trees shade poor cinder-block homes. Bolivia reports first yellow fever case in a decade LA PAZ Bolivia's government on Friday said a Danish tourist had tested positive for yellow fever, its first case in a decade, after he visited a jungle area in the far west of the landlocked Andean country. EMA panel recommends that use of Actelion's Uptravi may continue ZURICH A European Medicines Agency drug safety panel recommended on Friday that Actelion's Uptravi drug may continue to be used in line with current prescription information amid a probe into five deaths in France among those using the pulmonary arterial hypertension medicine. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Assembly Elections Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Lundbeck gives up on Alzheimer's drug, rival to Axovant pill News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Health Lundbeck gives up on Alzheimer's drug, rival to Axovant pill Posted 08 Feb 2017 19:25 Updated 08 Feb 2017 21:10 Email More A A REUTERS: Two remaining late-stage clinical trials testing an experimental Alzheimer's drug from Denmark's Lundbeck have failed, scuppering hopes for the medicine and underscoring the difficulty of developing such treatments. Lundbeck's idalopirdine is a so-called 5-HT6 antagonist and is similar to another pill, called intepirdine, being developed by U.S. biotech firm Axovant Sciences. Unlike some higher profile Alzheimer's drugs from companies such as Eli Lilly and Merck & Co, idalopirdine was aimed at treating symptoms of the brain disorder, rather than halting progression of the underlying disease. The failure of Lundbeck's two latest Phase III trials is not a huge surprise, since the company and its Japanese partner Otsuka had already announced disappointing results from another late-stage trial in September. Taken together, Lundbeck said on Wednesday, the trials "do not demonstrate efficacy to support a regulatory submission". The setback casts further doubt on the 5-HT6 antagonist approach to fighting Alzheimer's, following discontinuation of another 5-HT6 antagonist last year from Pfizer that had reached mid-stage clinical testing. Shares in Lundbeck fell more than 4 percent after the company gave its update on idalopirdine alongside fourth-quarter financial results. Drugs working to block 5-HT6 are designed to promote the release of acetylcholine, a neurotransmitter needed for normal cognition. The idea is to use them alongside the existing drug donepezil to help patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer’s. Cholinesterase inhibitors, like donepezil, are currently among the few medical options for treating Alzheimer's patients. Looking ahead, drugmakers hope to use new types of medicines that target the build-up of certain proteins in the brain that are thought to impair cognition. The failure of one such closely watched experimental drug from Eli Lilly in November dealt a blow to this concept but experts believe subtly different therapies could still work. (Editing by Louise Heavens) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Lundbeck gives up on Alzheimer's drug, rival to Axovant pill By Reuters Published: 06:20 EST, 8 February 2017 | Updated: 06:20 EST, 8 February 2017 e-mail By Ben Hirschler Feb 8 (Reuters) - Two remaining late-stage clinical trials testing an experimental Alzheimer's drug from Denmark's Lundbeck have failed, scuppering hopes for the medicine and underscoring the difficulty of developing such treatments. Lundbeck's idalopirdine is a so-called 5-HT6 antagonist and is similar to another pill, called intepirdine, being developed by U.S. biotech firm Axovant Sciences. Unlike some higher profile Alzheimer's drugs from companies such as Eli Lilly and Merck & Co, idalopirdine was aimed at treating symptoms of the brain disorder, rather than halting progression of the underlying disease. The failure of Lundbeck's two latest Phase III trials is not a huge surprise, since the company and its Japanese partner Otsuka had already announced disappointing results from another late-stage trial in September. Taken together, Lundbeck said on Wednesday, the trials "do not demonstrate efficacy to support a regulatory submission". The setback casts further doubt on the 5-HT6 antagonist approach to fighting Alzheimer's, following discontinuation of another 5-HT6 antagonist last year from Pfizer that had reached mid-stage clinical testing. Shares in Lundbeck fell more than 4 percent after the company gave its update on idalopirdine alongside fourth-quarter financial results. Drugs working to block 5-HT6 are designed to promote the release of acetylcholine, a neurotransmitter needed for normal cognition. The idea is to use them alongside the existing drug donepezil to help patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer’s. Cholinesterase inhibitors, like donepezil, are currently among the few medical options for treating Alzheimer's patients. Looking ahead, drugmakers hope to use new types of medicines that target the build-up of certain proteins in the brain that are thought to impair cognition. The failure of one such closely watched experimental drug from Eli Lilly in November dealt a blow to this concept but experts believe subtly different therapies could still work. (Editing by Louise Heavens) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Sanofi Delivers 2016 Sales and Business EPS(1) Growth at CER(2) Paris, February 8, 2017 Sanofi Delivers 2016 Sales and Business EPS(1) Growth at CER(2)   Q4 2016 Change Change (CER) 2016 Change Change (CER) IFRS net sales reported €8,867m +3.3% +3.4% €33,821m -0.7% +1.2% IFRS net income reported €790m +136.5%   €4,709m +9.8%   IFRS EPS reported €0.62 +138.5%   €3.66 +11.6%   Business net income(1) €1,606m -6.0% -2.9% €7,308m -0.9% +2.5% Business EPS(1) €1.25 -4.6% -1.5% €5.68 +0.7% +4.1% Following the announcement of exclusive negotiations with Boehringer Ingelheim and as per the IFRS 5 presentation requirement for discontinued operations, net income for Sanofi’s Animal Health business (Merial) was reported on a separate line (“Net income from the held for exchange Animal Health Business”) in the Consolidated Income Statement for 2016 and the prior year. In the first three quarters of 2016, Sanofi comments included Merial for every income statement line using the term “Aggregate”. Sanofi neither presents “Aggregate” figures nor reports Animal Health business as an operating segment in Q4 2016 and in 2016 as a result of the closing early in 2017 of the swap of the Animal Health/CHC business with Boehringer Ingelheim. 2016 net sales including Animal Health(3) were €36,529 million of which €9,466 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. All Global Business Units delivered positive sales performance in the fourth quarter of 2016 Net sales were €8,867 million, up 3.3% on a reported basis (up 3.4% at CER). Sanofi Genzyme (Specialty Care) GBU increased 12.6% driven by multiple sclerosis products. Sanofi Pasteur GBU grew 3.7% due to strong pediatric combination franchise sales. Diabetes and Cardiovascular GBU sales were up 3.8%. Global diabetes franchise sales increased 1.9%. 2016 sales supported by Specialty Care and Vaccines Net sales in 2016 were €33,821 million, down 0.7% on a reported basis and up 1.2% at CER. Sanofi Genzyme GBU sales reached €5,019 million, up 17.3% while Sanofi Pasteur sales grew 8.8% to €4,577 million. Emerging Markets(4) sales increased 2.4% to €9,593 million (up 7.0% excluding Venezuela). Solid financial results in 2016 despite launch investments, supported by cost savings 2016 Business EPS(1) of €5.68 (+4.1% at CER) and IFRS EPS of €3.66 (+11.6% on a reported basis). Q4 2016 Business EPS was €1.25, down -1.5% at CER impacted by an unfavorable tax rate comparison. Q4 2016  Business operating income grew 3.7% at CER Board proposes dividend of €2.96, the 23rd consecutive annual increase. Sanofi progresses on its strategic priorities Closing of the Boehringer Ingelheim (BI) business swap elevates Sanofi into a global leadership position in CHC. Sanofi Pasteur and MSD end joint vaccines business to pursue their European vaccine strategies independently. Soliqua(TM) 100/33 launched in the U.S. and Suliqua(TM) approved in EU for type-2 diabetic patients. Kevzara(TM) (sarilumab) in rheumatoid arthritis approved in Canada and U.S. resubmission planned in Q1 2017. 5 NMEs started registrational studies in 2016: isatuximab, PD-1, sotagliflozin, olipudase alfa and NeoGAA. 2017 financial guidance Sanofi expects 2017 Business EPS(1) to be stable to -3%(5) at constant exchange rates, barring unforeseen major adverse events, consistent with its previously announced Strategic Roadmap guidance for the 2016-17 period. Applying the average December 2016 exchange rates, the currency impact on 2017 Business EPS is estimated to be +3% to +4%. Sanofi Chief Executive Officer, Olivier Brandicourt, commented: “2016 was a busy year for Sanofi as we progressed on our 2020 strategic roadmap. We successfully closed the Boehringer Ingelheim asset swap, lifting us into a leadership position in Consumer Healthcare. Our streamlined organization started to deliver and supported a stronger financial performance than initially anticipated. At the same time, we completed the filing of our breakthrough innovation Dupixent® for the first indication, atopic dermatitis, in the U.S and Europe. Separately, we recently advanced five new molecules into registrational studies.” (1) In order to facilitate an understanding of operational performance, Sanofi comments on the business net income statement. Business net income is a non-GAAP financial measure (see Appendix 11 for definitions). The consolidated income statement for Q4 2016 and 2016 is provided in Appendix 4 and a reconciliation of business net income to IFRS net income reported is set forth in Appendix 3; (2) changes in net sales are expressed at constant exchange rates (CER) unless otherwise indicated (see Appendix 11); (3) Merial information is provided in appendix 5; (4) See page 8; (5) 2016 Business EPS was €5.68. Investor Relations: (+) 33 1 53 77 45 45 – E-mail: IR@sanofi.com – Media Relations: (+) 33 1 53 77 46 46 – E-mail: MR@sanofi.com Website: www.sanofi.com Mobile app: SANOFI IR available on the App Store and Google Play 2016 fourth-quarter and full-year Sanofi sales Unless otherwise indicated, all percentage changes in sales in this press release are stated at CER(6). In the fourth quarter of 2016, Company sales were €8,867 million, up 3.3% on a reported basis. Exchange rate movements had a negative effect of 0.1 percentage points. At CER, Company sales increased 3.4%. In 2016, Company sales were €33,821 million, down 0.7% on a reported basis. Exchange rate movements had an unfavorable effect of 1.9 percentage points reflecting mainly the adverse evolution of the Argentine Peso, Chinese Yuan, Mexican Peso and British Pound, which more than offset the positive effects from the Japanese Yen. At CER, Company sales increased 1.2%. 2016 performance included a negative currency impact related to the change of exchange rate applied for the translation of Venezuela operations, resulting from the evolution of the exchange system in February 2016 as well as from the persistent inability to exchange Venezuelan bolivars for U.S. dollars at the privileged official rate. In addition, in the first half of 2015, Sanofi benefited from a significant increase in product demand in Venezuela, due to buying patterns associated with local market conditions. As a consequence, sales in Venezuela were €18 million in 2016 compared to €455 million in 2015. Excluding Venezuela, Company sales increased 3.7% and 2.6% in the fourth quarter and in 2016, respectively. Global Business Units The table below presents sales by Global Business Units (GBU) and reflects the organization of Sanofi which became effective as of January 1, 2016. This structure drives deeper specialization, simplifies reporting and provides clear focus on growth drivers. Please note that in Emerging Markets, Specialty Care and Diabetes and Cardiovascular sales are included in the General Medicines and Emerging Markets GBU. Net Sales by GBU (€ million) Q4 2016 Change (CER) 2016 Change (CER) Sanofi Genzyme (Specialty Care)(a)   1,335   +12.6% 5,019 +17.3% Diabetes and Cardiovascular(a)   1,710   +3.8% 6,397 -2.0% General Medicines & Emerging Markets(b)   3,636   +0.4% 14,498 -3.3%(c) Consumer Healthcare   834   +2.7% 3,330 -1.6%(d) Total Pharmaceuticals   7,515   +3.4% 29,244 +0.2% Sanofi Pasteur (Vaccines)   1,352   +3.7% 4,577 +8.8%(e) Total Company sales   8,867   +3.4% 33,821 +1.2%(f) (a) Does not include Emerging Markets sales- see definition page 8; (b) Includes Emerging Markets sales for Diabetes & Cardiovascular and Specialty Care; (c) Excluding Venezuela: -1.2%; (d) Excluding Venezuela: +1.4%; (e) Excluding Venezuela: +9.0%; (f) Excluding Venezuela: +2.6% Global Franchises The tables below present fourth quarter and full year 2016 sales by global franchise, including Emerging Markets, to facilitate comparisons. Appendix 1 provides a reconciliation of sales by GBU and franchise. Net sales by Franchise (€ million) Q4 2016 Change (CER) Developed Markets Change (CER) Emerging Markets Change (CER) Specialty Care 1,569 +12.9% 1,335 +12.6% 234 +14.3% Diabetes and Cardiovascular 2,076 +3.9% 1,710 +3.8% 366 +4.1% Established Products 2,568 -1.3% 1,622 -2.6% 946 +0.9% Consumer Healthcare (CHC) 834 +2.7% 508 +7.0% 326 -3.2% Generics 468 +0.2% 259 -3.3% 209 +5.1% Vaccines 1,352 +3.7% 831 +1.4% 521 +7.3% Total net sales 8,867 +3.4% 6,265 +3.4% 2,602 +3.5%  (6) See Appendix 11 for definitions of financial indicators. Net sales by Franchise (€ million) 2016 Change (CER) Developed Markets Change (CER) Emerging Markets Change (CER) Specialty Care 5,950 +17.2%(a) 5,019 +17.3% 931 +16.7%(b) Diabetes and Cardiovascular 7,799 -0.4%(c) 6,397 -2.0% 1,402 +7.2%(d) Established Products 10,311 -6.8%(e) 6,552 -9.5% 3,759 -2.0%(f) Consumer Healthcare (CHC) 3,330 -1.6%(g) 2,092 +2.9% 1,238 -7.9%(h) Generics 1,854 +0.7%(i) 1,069 -0.2% 785 +1.8%(j) Vaccines 4,577 +8.8%(k) 3,099 +7.0% 1,478 +12.4%(l) Total net sales 33,821 +1.2%(m) 24,228 +0.8% 9,593 +2.4%(n) (a) Excluding Venezuela : +17.6%; (b) Excluding Venezuela : +18.8%; (c) Excluding Venezuela : +0.2%; (d) Excluding Venezuela :+10.8%; (e) Excluding Venezuela : -4.9%; (f) Excluding Venezuela: +3.8%; (g) Excluding Venezuela: +1.4%; (h) Excluding Venezuela: -0.9%; (i) Excluding Venezuela: +2.5%; (j) Excluding Venezuela: +6.1%; (k) Excluding Venezuela: +9.0%; (l) Excluding Venezuela: +13.2%; (m) Excluding Venezuela: +2.6%; (n) Excluding Venezuela: +7.0%. Pharmaceuticals Fourth-quarter Pharmaceuticals sales increased 3.4% to €7,515 million driven by Multiple Sclerosis, Rare Disease and Cardiovascular franchises. In 2016, Pharmaceuticals sales were up 0.2% to €29,244 million. Excluding Venezuela, 2016 sales Pharmaceuticals increased 1.6%. Rare Disease franchise Net sales (€ million) Q4 2016 Change (CER) 2016 Change (CER) Myozyme® / Lumizyme® 192 +15.6% 725 +13.5% Cerezyme® 184 +7.8% 748 +5.3% Fabrazyme® 182 +13.9% 674 +14.7% Aldurazyme® 50 +8.2% 201 +7.7% Cerdelga® 29 +27.3% 106 +59.1% Total Rare Diseases 716 +9.7% 2,777 +11.7% In the fourth quarter, Rare Disease sales increased 9.7% to €716 million driven by the accrual of patients worldwide and strong performance of the franchise in Emerging Markets. In 2016, Rare Disease sales were up 11.7% to €2,777 million. In the fourth quarter, Gaucher (Cerezyme® and Cerdelga®) sales increased 9.9% to €213 million, driven by Cerezyme® growth in Emerging Markets (up 34.7% to €57 million) and the increasing contribution of Cerdelga® (€29 million, up 27.3%). In 2016, Gaucher sales increased 9.6% to €854 million. Sales of Fabrazyme® were up 13.9% to €182 million in the fourth quarter, due to a continued accrual of new patients. In 2016, sales of Fabrazyme® were up 14.7% to €674 million. Fourth-quarter Myozyme®/Lumizyme® sales increased 15.6% to €192 million, mainly due to new patient accruals and increased worldwide diagnosis. In 2016, sales of Myozyme®/Lumizyme® increased 13.5% to €725 million. Multiple Sclerosis franchise Net sales (€ million) Q4 2016 Change (CER) 2016 Change (CER) Aubagio® 367 +34.2% 1,295 +49.7% Lemtrada® 117 +46.9% 425 +79.0% Total Multiple Sclerosis 484 +37.1% 1,720 +56.1% Fourth-quarter Multiple Sclerosis (MS) sales increased 37.1% to €484 million, reflecting strong Aubagio® and Lemtrada® performance in the U.S. and Europe as well as the increasing sales contribution from Emerging Markets and the Rest of the World. In 2016, MS sales were up 56.1% to €1,720 million. In the fourth quarter, Aubagio® sales increased 34.2% to €367 million driven by the U.S. (up 34.5% to €265 million) and Europe (up 31.7% to €79 million). Aubagio® is currently the fastest growing oral disease modifying therapy in the Multiple Sclerosis market with prescription share of 8.8% in the U.S. (IMS NPA TRX -Q4 2016). In 2016, Aubagio® sales were up 49.7% to €1,295 million. Fourth-quarter Lemtrada® sales increased 46.9% to €117 million, including €67 million in the U.S. (up 50.0%) and €39 million in Europe (up 41.4%). In 2016, Lemtrada® sales were up 79.0% to €425 million. Oncology franchise Net sales (€ million) Q4 2016 Change (CER) 2016 Change (CER) Jevtana® 92 +8.3% 358 +11.5% Thymoglobulin® 77 +10.1% 281 +10.9% Taxotere® 42 -12.2% 179 -17.1% Eloxatin® 41 -27.6% 170 -21.6% Mozobil® 41 +5.3% 152 +7.0% Zaltrap® 15 -16.7% 65 -14.3% Total Oncology 369 -3.9% 1,453 -2.2% Fourth-quarter Oncology sales decreased 3.9% to €369 million. Growth of Jevtana®, Thymoglobulin® and Mozobil® was offset by lower Taxotere® and Eloxatin® sales. In 2016, Oncology sales were €1,453 million, down 2.2%. Jevtana® sales were up 8.3% to €92 million in the fourth quarter led by Europe (up 12.5% to €35 million) and Japan. Full-year Jevtana® sales were up 11.5% to €358 million. In the fourth quarter, Thymoglobulin® sales were up 10.1% to €77 million supported by the performance in the U.S. (up 16.2% to €43 million). In 2016, Thymoglobulin® sales were up 10.9% to €281 million. Fourth-quarter Eloxatin® sales were down 27.6% to €41 million reflecting generic competition in Canada. Over the same period, Taxotere® sales decreased 12.2% (to €42 million) due to continuous generic competition in Japan. In 2016, Taxotere® and Eloxatin® sales were down 17.1% (€179 million) and 21.6% (€170 million), respectively. Diabetes franchise Net sales (€ million) Q4 2016 Change (CER) 2016 Change (CER) Lantus® 1,463 -5.1% 5,714 -9.4% Toujeo® 238 138.8% 649 ns Total glargine 1,701 +3.5% 6,363 -1.8% Apidra® 95 -9.6% 367 -1.1% Amaryl® 89 -1.1% 362 -3.8% Insuman® 31 -13.2% 129 -3.5% BGM (Blood Glucose Monitoring) 16 – 66 +4.8% Lyxumia® 7 -36.4% 33 -13.2% Total Diabetes 1,945 +1.9% 7,341 -1.8%(a) (a) Excluding Venezuela: -1.2%; In the fourth quarter, Diabetes sales increased 1.9% to €1,945 million, including lower Lantus® sales in the U.S. Fourth-quarter U.S. Diabetes sales were up 5.5% to €1,131 million. Sales in Emerging Markets increased 4.1% to €365 million. Sales in Europe were €318 million, a decrease of 5.6%. In 2016, Diabetes sales were €7,341 million, down 1.8%. Fourth-quarter sales of Sanofi glargine (Lantus® and Toujeo®) increased 3.5% to €1,701 million. In the U.S., Sanofi glargine sales of €1,100 million were up 7.0%. In Europe, Sanofi glargine sales decreased 5.4% to €240 million due to biosimilar competition in several European markets. In 2016, Sanofi glargine sales were €6,363 million, down 1.8%. Over the quarter, Lantus® sales were €1,463 million down 5.1%. In the U.S., Lantus® sales decreased 1.8% to €931 million mainly reflecting lower average net price and patients switching to Toujeo®. In Europe, fourth-quarter Lantus® sales were €199 million (down 17.4%) due to biosimilar competition and patients switching to Toujeo®. In Emerging Markets, sales were stable at €243 million impacted by lower sales in Russia. In 2016, Lantus® sales were €5,714 million, down 9.4%. Fourth-quarter Toujeo® sales were €238 million of which €169 million were recorded in the U.S. and €41million in Europe. The global roll-out of this product continues and Toujeo® is available in 45 countries. In Japan, the two-week prescription limit was lifted in September 2016, resulting in a significant increase in market share (10.8% in December 2016- based on IMS basal insulin share market in value). Full-year Toujeo® sales were €649 million (versus €164 million in 2015). Amaryl® sales were €89 million, down 1.1% in the fourth quarter, of which €73 million were generated in Emerging Markets (up 4.1%). In 2016, Amaryl® sales were €362 million, down 3.8%. Fourth-quarter Apidra® sales decreased 9.6% to €95 million, reflecting lower sales in the U.S. (down 31.0% to €29 million) and Europe (down 6.1% to €32 million), which offset the performance in Emerging Markets (up 33.3% to €22 million). In 2016, Apidra® sales decreased 1.1% to €367 million. Since January 2017, Soliqua(TM) 100/33 (insulin glargine 100 Units/mL & lixisenatide 33 mcg/mL injection; lixisenatide was in-licensed from Zealand Pharma) has been available in the U.S. Soliqua 100/33 is indicated for the treatment of adults with type 2 diabetes inadequately controlled on basal insulin (less than 60 Units daily) or lixisenatide. Sanofi is offering Soliqua(TM) 100/33 at a $0 co-pay (see press release from January 4, 2017) for eligible U.S. patients with commercial insurance and is working to secure market access from payers. Sanofi is also offering a tailored support program, Soliqua(TM) 100/33 COACH, at no cost to patients who have been prescribed the product. Cardiovascular franchise Praluent® (alirocumab, collaboration with Regeneron) was launched in the U.S., in a number of European markets and Japan in 2015 and 2016. Fourth-quarter Praluent® sales were €37 million of which €30 million were in the U.S. and €6 million in Europe. Full-year Praluent® sales were €105 million reflecting significant payer utilization management restrictions in the U.S. and limited market access in Europe. In January 2017, the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware issued an injunction that requires Sanofi and Regeneron to stop marketing, selling and manufacturing Praluent® in the U.S. starting from February 21, 2017. Until that date, Praluent® remains available in the U.S. Sanofi and Regeneron filed a motion with the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit to stay (suspend) the injunction pending the appeal of the judgment upholding the validity of Amgen’s patents for antibodies targeting PCSK9 as well as the injunction ruling. Fourth-quarter and 2016 Multaq® sales were €94 million (up 10.6%) and €353 million (up 3.8%), respectively. Established Rx Products Net sales (€ million) Q4 2016 Change (CER) 2016 Change (CER) Lovenox® 414 +0.7% 1,636 -1.7%(a) Plavix® 363 -20.0% 1,544 -18.8%(b) Renvela®/Renagel® 235 -2.5% 922 -1.1% Aprovel®/Avapro® 163 -1.8% 681 -7.0%(c) Synvisc® /Synvisc-One® 111 -4.3% 408 -0.2%(d) Myslee®/Ambien®/Stilnox® 79 -11.8% 304 -2.9%(e) Allegra® 41 -18.2% 186 -11.9% Other 1,162 +7.9% 4,630 -5.6%(f) Total Established Rx Products 2,568 -1.3% 10,311 -6.8%(g) (a) Excluding Venezuela: -1.1%; (b) Excluding Venezuela: -17.1%; (c) Excluding Venezuela: -0.7%; (d) Excluding Venezuela: +0.5%; (e) Excluding Venezuela: -2.3%; (f) Excluding Venezuela: -3.2%; (g) Excluding Venezuela: -4.9%; In the fourth quarter, Established Rx Products sales decreased 1.3% to €2,568 million, reflecting generic competition to Plavix® in Japan, and the low basis for comparison from the recall of Auvi-Q® in the fourth quarter of 2015. In Emerging Markets, Established Rx Products sales increased 0.9% to €946 million driven by the performance of Lovenox®. In the U.S., Established Rx Products sales increased 22.4% (to €371 million) mainly due to the low basis for comparison from the recall Auvi-Q® in the prior period. In Europe, Established Rx Products sales decreased 3.3% to €911 million. Full-year Established Rx Products sales decreased 6.8% to €10,311 million and 4.9% excluding Venezuela. Lovenox® sales increased 0.7% to €414 million in the fourth quarter, driven by strong performance in Emerging Markets (up 12.2% to €124 million), which offset the impact of generic competition in the U.S. (down 27.8% to €13 million) and lower sales in Europe (down 1.5% to €255 million). In September, two enoxaparin biosimilars were approved in the European Union. In 2016, Lovenox® sales were €1,636 million, down 1.7%. In the fourth quarter, Plavix® sales were down 20.0% to €363 million due to generic competition in Japan that started in June 2015 (sales in Japan were down 49.3% to €82 million). In 2016, Plavix® sales decreased 18.8% to €1,544 million. Fourth-quarter Renvela®/Renagel® sales decreased 2.5% to €235 million.  In the U.S. where Sanofi expects generic competition in the first half of 2017, fourth-quarter sales were down 0.5% to €194 million. In Europe, Renvela®/Renagel® sales were down 24.0% to €19 million due to generic competition. Full-year Renvela®/Renagel® sales were down 1.1% to €922 million. Aprovel®/Avapro® sales were down 1.8% (to €163 million) and down 7.0% (to €681 million) in the fourth quarter and the full year, respectively. In the fourth quarter of 2015, Sanofi recalled Auvi-Q®/Allerject® in the U.S. and Canada. The negative impact of this recall on sales was -€122 million, which corresponded mainly to the reversal of sales of the product since the beginning of 2015. Sanofi no longer commercializes this product and no sales were recorded in 2016.  Consumer Healthcare Net sales (€ million) Q4 2016 Change (CER) 2016 Change (CER) Allegra® 86 +12.0% 417 -0.2% Doliprane® 86 +3.6% 309 +2.6% Essentiale® 45 -18.2% 145 -20.9% Enterogermina® 36 +2.9% 159 +2.5% Maalox® 22 – 85 -8.2% Dorflex® 20 – 75 -2.5% No Spa® 20 -9.1% 82 – Lactacyd® 19 -5.0% 80 -25.4% Magne B6® 18 -5.0% 73 -6.1% Nasacort® 17 -19.0% 108 -10.7% Other CHC Products 465 +6.2% 1,797 +1.7% Total Consumer Healthcare 834 +2.7% 3,330 -1.6%(a) (a) Excluding Venezuela: +1.4%; In the fourth quarter, Consumer Healthcare (CHC) sales increased 2.7% to €834 million driven by the performance in Europe, reflecting an early cough and cold season, partially offset by lower sales in Russia. Excluding the divestiture of several small products, sales of CHC were up 3.2% in the fourth quarter. Fourth-quarter CHC sales in the U.S. increased 4.6% to €209 million despite increased competitive environment in the allergy category. In Emerging Markets, sales decreased 3.2% to €326 million reflecting lower sales in Russia due to the challenging local economic situation. In the quarter, sales in Europe were up 9.5% to €229 million due an early start of cough and cold season, mainly in France, despite the divesture of small products. Adjusting for these divestitures, CHC sales in Europe were up 11.1% in the fourth quarter. Full-year CHC sales reached €3,330 million, down 1.6% (up 2.7% excluding Venezuela and the divestiture of several small products). Sanofi and Boehringer Ingelheim recently announced that the exchange of Sanofi’s animal health business (Merial) and Boehringer Ingelheim’s consumer healthcare (CHC) business was successfully closed in most markets on January 1st 2017. The closing of the disposal of Merial in Mexico and the swap of Merial and CHC in India have been delayed pending receipt of certain regulatory approvals. The transactions in both countries are expected to close early 2017. Generics In the fourth quarter, Generics sales increased 0.2% to €468 million driven by Emerging Markets (up 5.1% to €209 million) and Japan, which more than offset for the U.S. (down 6.8% to €43 million) and Europe (down 6.6% to €192 million). In 2016, Generics sales were up 0.7% to €1,854 million (up 2.5% excluding Venezuela). As announced in our 2020 strategic roadmap, Sanofi has carefully reviewed all options for our Generics business in Europe and recently made the definitive decision to initiate a carve-out process expected to be completed by the end of 2018. Importantly, Sanofi confirms its commitment to Generics in other parts of the world with a greater focus on the Emerging Markets. Vaccines Net sales (€ million) Q4 2016 Change (CER) 2016 Change (CER) Polio/Pertussis/Hib vaccines (incl. Pentacel®, Pentaxim® and Imovax®) 544 +16.5% 1,495 +12.7% Influenza vaccines (incl. Vaxigrip® and Fluzone®) 416 -5.3% 1,521 +16.6% Adult Booster vaccines (incl. Adacel ®) 129 -15.3% 417 -15.5% Meningitis/Pneumonia vaccines (incl. Menactra®) 118 +3.6% 633 +4.1% Travel and other endemic vaccines 107 +4.0% 368 -0.8% Dengvaxia® 5 – 55 – Other vaccines 33 +21.4% 88 -17.0% Total Vaccines (consolidated sales) 1,352 +3.7% 4,577 +8.8%*(a) *Comparability based on the new presentation of VaxServe sales (see below)  (a) Excluding Venezuela: +9.0%; Fourth quarter consolidated Vaccines sales were up 3.7% to €1,352 million mainly driven by the Polio/Pertussis/Hib (PPH) franchise both in the U.S. (total US sales up 7.8% to €704 million) and in Emerging Markets (total Emerging Markets sales up 7.3% to €521 million) despite early flu shipments in the U.S. in the third quarter. In Europe, vaccines sales were down 46.3% to €44 million mainly reflecting both (i) supply issues with Repevax® and (ii) sales from Sanofi to Sanofi Pasteur MSD deferred to 2017 in connection with the buy-back of inventory as part of the termination of Sanofi Pasteur MSD joint-venture. In 2016, sales of Sanofi Pasteur increased 8.8% to €4,577 million mainly driven by the PPH franchise, the benefits from our flu differentiation strategy and, to a lesser extent, the dengue launch. In the fourth quarter, Polio/Pertussis/Hib vaccines sales increased 16.5% to €544 million reflecting supply improvements of Pentacel® in the U.S. (€119 million versus €53 million in the fourth quarter of 2015). Customer allocations for Pentacel® were removed in December 2016 and both private and public channels have now full access to Pentacel to meet their needs. In Emerging Markets, PPH sales increased 5.1% to €304 million driven by the growth of Hexaxim®, partially offset by the impact of local market disruption in China. Full-year PPH sales were up 12.7% to €1,495 million. Fourth-quarter Influenza vaccines sales were down 5.3% to €416 million due to early shipments in the U.S. in the third quarter. Sales of Influenza vaccines were down 14.0% to €280 million in the U.S. in the fourth quarter. In 2016, Influenza vaccines sales increased 16.6% to €1,521 million, reflecting Sanofi Pasteur’s strategy to offer a portfolio of differentiated influenza vaccines. 2016 was a new record year for the Influenza franchise of Sanofi Pasteur. Adult Booster vaccines sales decreased 15.3% to €129 million in the fourth quarter, as a result of lower sales in Europe due to a Repevax® supply disruption. In the U.S. adult Booster vaccines sales were down 2.0% to €100 million. Full-year sales of Adult Booster vaccines decreased 15.5% to €417 million mainly driven by supply issues with Repevax® and increased competitive pressure towards Adacel® in the US. Dengvaxia®, the world’s first dengue vaccine, is now approved in 14 countries (Bolivia, Brazil, Cambodia, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Indonesia, Mexico, Paraguay, Peru, Thailand, Singapore Venezuela and the Philippines). As expected, sales of Dengvaxia® were limited (€5 million) in the fourth quarter as no new immunization programs were implemented. These sales were generated in the private market and by the public vaccination program launched in Paraná State in Brazil in the third quarter. In 2016, Dengvaxia® sales were €55 million. Fourth-quarter Menactra® sales were up 1.0% to €107 million, €93 million of which was generated in the U.S (up 7.1%) reflecting the market leadership of Menactra®. In 2016, sales of Menactra® increased 4.8% to €586 million. Fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 Travel and other endemic vaccines sales were €107 million (up 4.0%) and €368 million (down 0.8%), respectively. In the fourth quarter, Sanofi Pasteur MSD, the joint venture with Merck & Co. in Europe, sales (not consolidated) increased 25.5% (on a reported basis) to €301 million. Excluding the 2016 year-end inventories repurchase to both parent companies, sales were flat, the growth of Hexyon® (pediatric hexavalent vaccine) and travel vaccines sales being largely offset by lower Influenza and boosters vaccines sales. In 2016, sales of Sanofi Pasteur MSD were up 14.1% (on a reported basis) to €940 million (including the disposal of 2016 year-end inventories to both parent companies). As previously announced, on January 2, 2017, Sanofi Pasteur and MSD separated their vaccine joint venture in Europe in order to pursue their own vaccine strategies and integrate their respective European vaccines businesses into their own operations. Company sales by geographic region Sanofi sales (€ million) Q4 2016 Change (CER) 2016 Change (CER) United States 3,321 +11.3% 12,391 +5.1% Emerging Markets(a) 2,602 +3.5% 9,593 +2.4%   of which Latin America 710 +4.2% 2,503 -7.1%   of which Asia 782 -2.8% 3,109 +4.5%   of which Africa, Middle East and South Asia(b) 752 +11.4% 2,764 +9.9%   of which Eurasia(c) 329 +8.4% 1,090 +5.2% Europe(d) 2,134 -1.7% 8,679 +0.6% Rest of the World(e) 810 -11.0% 3,158 -13.4%   of which Japan 428 -22.2% 1,688 -24.8% Total Sanofi sales 8,867 +3.4% 33,821 +1.2% (a) World excluding U.S., Canada, Western & Eastern Europe (except Eurasia), Japan, South Korea, Australia, New Zealand and Puerto Rico (b) India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka (c) Russia, Ukraine, Georgia, Belarus, Armenia and Turkey (d) Western Europe + Eastern Europe except Eurasia (e) Japan, South Korea, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Puerto Rico Fourth-quarter sales in the U.S. increased 11.3% to €3,321 million driven mainly by double digit growth of the multiple sclerosis franchise (up 37.4%) and Established products (up 22.4%), reflecting the low basis for comparison from the impact (-€122 million) of the recall of Auvi-Q® in the fourth quarter of 2015. Growth in the fourth quarter also benefited from the performance of the Rare disease (up 7.7%), Oncology (up 5.0%), CHC (up 4.6%) and Vaccines (up 7.8%) franchises. The U.S. sales performance included growth of diabetes franchise (up 5.5%), aided by a low basis for comparison in the fourth quarter 2015. In 2016, sales in the U.S. increased 5.1% to €12,391 million. Sales in Emerging Markets increased 3.5% to €2,602 million in the fourth quarter driven by Rare Disease (up 23.5%), Diabetes (up 4.1%), Generics (up 5.1%) and Vaccines (up 7.3%). In the Asia region, fourth-quarter sales decreased 2.8% to €782 million reflecting lower sales in China (down 10.5% to €496 million), primarily impacted by local vaccines market disruption and inventory fluctuation. In Latin America, fourth-quarter sales increased 4.2% to €710 million driven by sales in Argentina and Brazil. Fourth-quarter sales in Brazil increased 5.6% to €244 million supported by performance of Vaccines and Established products. Fourth-quarter sales in the Eurasia region increased 8.4% to €329 million supported by strong growth in Turkey and Ukraine. Over the quarter, sales in Russia returned to growth (up 3.0% to €178 million). In Africa, the Middle-East and South Asia, sales were up 11.4% to €752 million sustained by double digit growth in Middle-East, Africa and India. In 2016, sales in Emerging Markets increased 2.4% to €9,593 million. Excluding Venezuela, 2016 sales in Emerging Markets grew 7.0%. 2016 sales in China, Brazil and Russia were €2,039 million (up 0.5%), €983 million (up 1.7%), €499 million (down 7.1%), respectively. Fourth-quarter sales in Europe were down 1.7% to €2,134 million. The performance of multiple sclerosis (up 34.8%), Rare disease (up 4.5%) and CHC (up 9.5%) were offset by lower sales in Diabetes (down 5.6%), Established Rx Products (down 3.3%) and Vaccines (down 46.3%). In 2016, sales in Europe increased 0.6% to €8,679 million. Sales in Japan decreased 22.2% to €428 million in the fourth quarter, impacted by generic Plavix® competition (down 49.3% to €82 million). In Japan, 2016 sales decreased 24.8% to €1,688 million. R&D update Consult Appendix 6 for full overview of Sanofi’s R&D pipeline Regulatory update Regulatory updates since the publication of the third quarter results on October 28, 2016 include the following:  In January 2017, Kevzara(TM) (sarilumab) was approved in Canada for the treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis in adults. On October 28, 2016, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued a Complete Response Letter (CRL) regarding the Biologics License Applications (BLA) for sarilumab for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. The CRL refers to certain deficiencies identified during a routine good manufacturing practice inspection of the Sanofi Le Trait facility where sarilumab is filled and finished, one of the last steps in the manufacturing process. Satisfactory resolution of these deficiencies is required before the BLA can be approved. Based on review of Sanofi’s responses to the FDA 483 letters as well as proposed corrective actions, the FDA has classified the Le Trait ‘fill and finish’ facility as “acceptable”. Sanofi plans the re-submission of sarilumab U.S. BLA in the first quarter of 2017 subject to successful FDA pre-approval inspection of Le Trait.   In December 2016, the European Medicines Agency accepted for review the Marketing Authorization Application for Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (AD) who are candidates for systemic therapy.   In November 2016, the FDA approved once-daily Soliqua(TM) 100/33 (insulin glargine 100 Units/mL & lixisenatide 33 mcg/mL injection) for the treatment of adults with type 2 diabetes inadequately controlled on basal insulin (less than 60 Units daily) or lixisenatide. In January 2017, the European Commission also approved Suliqua(TM) in combination with metformin for the treatment of adults with type 2 diabetes to improve glycemic control when this has not been provided by metformin alone or metformin combined with another oral glucose lowering medicinal product or with basal insulin.  At the beginning of February 2017, the R&D pipeline contained 44 pharmaceutical new molecular entities (excluding Life Cycle Management) and vaccine candidates in clinical development of which 13 are in Phase 3 or have been submitted to the regulatory authorities for approval. Portfolio update Phase 3: Sotagliflozin, an oral SGLT-1&2 inhibitor, entered into Phase 3 in type 2 diabetes. The Phase 3 program evaluating dupilumab, an anti-IL4Ralpha monoclonal antibody, in nasal polyposis was initiated. GZ402666 (also referred as neoGAA) entered into Phase 3 for the treatment of Pompe Disease.   Isatuximab, an anti-CD38 naked monoclonal antibody, entered Phase 3 development for the treatment of relapsed refractory multiple myeloma.   In November, Sanofi and Regeneron announced that the ongoing Praluent® ODYSSEY OUTCOMES trial will continue as planned, based on the recommendation of an independent Data Monitoring Committee (DMC) after a second pre-specified interim analysis was conducted.   In November, the results of SARIL-RA-MONARCH, a Phase 3 study, demonstrated the superiority of investigational sarilumab monotherapy versus adalimumab (marketed by AbbVie as Humira®) monotherapy in improving the clinical signs and symptoms in adults with active rheumatoid arthritis. The data were presented at the American College of Rheumatology 2016 Annual Meeting. Top-line results had been announced in March 2016. Phase 2:  SAR439152, a myosin inhibitor, moved into Phase 2 for the treatment of Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.   SAR425899, a GLP-1 / GCGR agonist, entered into Phase 2 in type 2 diabetes.   SAR566658, a maytansin-loaded anti-CA6 monoclonal antibody, moved into Phase 2 for the treatment of solid tumors.   Shan6, a pediatric hexavalent vaccine from Shantha, entered Phase 2.   A vaccine entered Phase 2 against HIV infection for at risk population. Phase 1:  SAR439794, a TLR4 agonist immunomodulator, entered Phase 1 for the treatment of peanut allergy.   An inactivated Zika vaccine entered Phase 1.   Respiratory Syncytial Virus vaccine for infants entered Phase 1. Collaboration On December 28th, 2016, Hanmi and Sanofi entered into an amendment to their initial license agreement executed for the development of a portfolio of long-acting diabetes treatments. Sanofi returned to Hanmi the rights related to the weekly long-acting insulin to primarily focus on development of the weekly GLP-1 (efpeglenatide). Hanmi will take the development lead on the weekly insulin and will assume responsibility for the development of the long-acting weekly efpeglenatide/insulin drug combination for a certain period of time, after which Sanofi will re-assume responsibility for development. 2016 fourth-quarter and full-year financial results(7) Business Net Income(7) In the fourth quarter of 2016, Sanofi generated sales of €8,867 million, an increase of 3.3% (up 3.4% at CER). 2016 sales were €33,821 million, down 0.7% (up 1.2% at CER). Fourth-quarter other revenues increased 31.9% to €310 million and include VaxServe sales of non-Sanofi products (up 62.5% to €221 million) following the change in presentation as of January 1, 2016(7). 2016 other revenues increased 10.7% to €887 million of which €581 million were generated by VaxServe (up 20.5%). Fourth-quarter Gross Profit increased 4.5% to €6,221 million (up 4.5% at CER). The gross margin ratio improved by 0.8 percentage points to 70.2% versus the fourth quarter of 2015, reflecting mainly the positive impact of Aubagio® and rare disease franchise, the low basis for comparison in the fourth quarter of 2015 from the recall of Auvi-Q® and Medicaid delayed bills related to Lantus® as well as industrial productivity improvements. In 2016, the gross margin ratio improved by 0.7 percentage points to 71.0% versus 2015, driven by the strong performance of Sanofi Genzyme. In 2016, the gross margin ratio of Pharmaceuticals was 72.4%, an improvement of 0.9 percentage points and the gross margin ratio of Vaccines was stable at 62.0%. Sanofi expects its gross margin ratio to be approximatively 70% at CER in 2017. Research and Development expenses were up 5.4% to €1,437 million, (up 4.7% at CER) in the fourth quarter. This increase reflected the start of several Phase 3 programs especially isatuximab, as well as ongoing Toujeo® studies. In 2016, the ratio of R&D to sales was 0.4 percentage points higher at 15.3% compared to the same period of 2015. Selling general and administrative expenses (SG&A) increased 4.9% to €2,603 million in the fourth quarter. At CER,   SG&A was up 4.8% mainly reflecting pre-launch costs for Kevzara(TM) and Dupixent(TM), as well as one-time costs linked to the pre-integration of Boehringer Ingelheim CHC business. The ratio of SG&A to sales increased 0.5 percentage points to 29.4% compared with the fourth quarter of 2015. In 2016, the ratio of SG&A to sales was 0.5 percentage points higher at 28.0% compared with 2015 mainly due to launch costs of new products. Fourth-quarter other current operating income net of expenses was -€78 million versus €24 million for the same period of 2015. In the fourth quarter of 2016, this line included a foreign exchange loss linked to our operation in Egypt. In 2016, other current operating income net of expenses was -€127 million versus -€208 million in 2015. The share of profits from associates was €53 million in the fourth quarter versus €31 million for the same period of 2015. The share of profits from associates included Sanofi’s share in Regeneron profit as well as Sanofi’s share of profit in Sanofi Pasteur MSD (the Vaccines joint venture with Merck & Co. in Europe). In 2016, the share of profits from associates was €177 million versus €169 million in 2015. In the fourth quarter, non-controlling interests were -€32 million versus -€39 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. In 2016, non-controlling interests were -€113 million versus -€126 million in 2015. Fourth-quarter business operating income was stable at €2,124 million. At CER, business operating income increased 3.7%. The ratio of business operating income to net sales decreased 0.7 percentage point to 24.0% versus the same period of 2015. In 2016, business operating income decreased 0.3% to €9,285 million (or up 3.1% at CER). In 2016, the ratio of business operating income to net sales increased 0.2 percentage point to 27.5%. In 2016, the business operating income ratio of Pharmaceuticals was 26.8%, 0.1 percentage points lower and the business operating income ratio of vaccines improved 1.2 percentage points to 34.4%. Net financial expenses were €125 million in the fourth quarter versus €73 million in the fourth quarter of 2015 which included disposals and reassessments of financial assets. Full-year net financial expenses were €399 million versus €381 million in 2015. Fourth-quarter effective tax rate (without Animal Health) was 24.0% compared with 17.4% in 2015. The 2015 tax reflected the effects of the modification in France of the taxation of dividend. In 2016, the effective tax rate was 23.3% versus 21.7% in 2015. Fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 business net income of Merial was €81 million (versus €17 million in the same period of 2015) and €476 million (versus €368 million in 2015), respectively. (7) See Appendix 4 for 2016 fourth-quarter and 2016 Consolidated income statement; see Appendix 11 for definitions of financial indicators, and Appendix 3 for reconciliation of business net income to IFRS net income reported Fourth-quarter business net income(7) decreased 6.0% to €1,606 million (down 2.9% at CER). In 2016, business net income decreased 0.9% to €7,308 million, (up 2.5% at CER). In the fourth quarter of 2016, business earnings per share(7) (EPS) decreased 4.6% to €1.25 on a reported basis and 1.5% at CER. The average number of shares outstanding was 1,282.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 versus 1,304.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. In 2016, business earnings per share(7) was €5.68, up 0.7% on a reported basis and up 4.1% at CER. The average number of shares outstanding was 1,286.6 million in 2016 versus 1,306.2 million in 2015. Cost savings In 2016, Sanofi delivered approximately €650 million of cost savings which was largely reinvested to support growth initiatives. Sanofi expects that cost savings will reach €1.3 billion in 2017 and the company confirms that it remains on track to deliver at least €1.5 billion of cost savings by 2018. 2017 guidance Sanofi expects 2017 Business EPS to be stable to -3% at CER, barring unforeseen major adverse events, consistent with its previously announced Strategic Roadmap guidance for the 2016-17 period. Applying the average December 2016 exchange rates, the currency impact on 2017 Business EPS is estimated to be +3% to +4%. Dividend The Board of Directors convened on February 7, 2017, and proposed a dividend of €2.96 per share. From business net income to IFRS net income reported (see Appendix 3) In 2016, the main reconciling items between business net income and IFRS net income reported were: A €1,692 million amortization charge related to fair value remeasurement on intangible assets of acquired companies (primarily Aventis: €482 million and Genzyme: €866 million) and to acquired intangible assets (licenses/products: €142 million). A €412 million amortization charge on intangible assets related to fair value remeasurement of acquired companies (primarily Aventis: €103 million and Genzyme: €219 million), and to acquired intangible assets (licenses/products: €38 million) was booked in the fourth quarter. These items have no cash impact on the Company.   An impairment of intangible assets of €192 million (of which €119 recorded in the fourth quarter which included an impairment linked to Apleway/tofogliflozin in Japan). This item has no cash impact on the Company. The fourth quarter of 2015 included an impairment of intangible assets of €533 million mainly linked to Afrezza®, rotavirus vaccine and Auvi-Q®.   An impairment of €457 million related to Alnylam investment (of which €296 million recorded in the fourth quarter) for the difference between the market value based on the stock price as of December 31, 2016 and historical cost. On October 5, 2016, Alnylam announced the decision to end revusiran development program leading to a drop in the Alnylam stock price.   A charge of €135 million (of which €41 million in the fourth quarter) mainly reflecting an increase of Bayer contingent considerations linked to Lemtrada® (charge of €78 million, of which €17 million in the fourth quarter) and CVR fair value adjustment (charge of €58 million, of which €24 million in the fourth quarter).   Restructuring costs and similar items of €879 million (including €189 million in the fourth quarter) mainly related to the organizational transformation program in France and worldwide.   A €841 million tax effect arising from the items listed above, comprising €647million of deferred taxes generated by amortization charged against intangible assets, €95 million associated with restructuring costs and similar items, €47million associated with impairment of intangible assets and €24 million associated with fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration liabilities. The fourth quarter tax effect was €95 million, including €197 million of deferred taxes on amortization charged against intangible assets, -€139 million associated with restructuring costs and similar items, €24 million associated with impairment of intangible asset (see Appendix 3). In the fourth quarter, these effects included the change in tax rates (mainly in France).   In “Share of profits/losses from associates and joint-ventures”, an income of €9 million net of tax (which included a charge of €9 million related to fourth quarter of 2016), mainly relating to the share of fair value remeasurement on assets and liabilities of associates and the share of amortization of intangible assets of acquired associates and joint-ventures. This item has no cash impact on the Company.   A tax of €113 million on dividends paid to shareholders of Sanofi.   In Animal Health items, a net expense of €162 million (which included a net expense of €63 million related to the fourth quarter of 2016), mainly relating to a tax expense arising from the preparation steps of the exchange transaction with Boehringer Ingelheim and to the change in deferred tax charge resulting from taxable temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries since it is likely that these differences will reverse. (7) See Appendix 4 for 2016 fourth-quarter and 2016 Consolidated income statement; see Appendix 11 for definitions of financial indicators, and Appendix 3 for reconciliation of business net income to IFRS net income reported Capital Allocation In 2016, net cash generated by operating activities decreased 4.1% to €7,798 million after capital expenditures of €1,486 million and an increase in working capital of €610 million. This net cash flow partially funded acquisitions and partnerships net of disposals (€936 million), restructuring costs and similar items (€729 million), the dividend paid by Sanofi (€3,759 million) and higher share repurchases (€2,908 million) in anticipation of the cash to be received as part of the asset swap with Boehringer Ingelheim. As a consequence, net debt increased from €7,254 million at December 31, 2015 to €8,206 million (excluding Merial) at December 31, 2016 (amount net of €10,273 million cash and cash equivalents). Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions, statements regarding plans, objectives, intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results, events, operations, services, product development and potential, and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “intends”, “estimates”, “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi, that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, future clinical data and analysis, including post marketing, decisions by regulatory authorities, such as the FDA or the EMA, regarding whether and when to approve any drug, device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates, the absence of guarantee that the product candidates if approved will be commercially successful, the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives, Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities and/or obtain regulatory clearances, risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the  ultimate outcome of such litigation,  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates, volatile economic conditions, the impact of cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto, the average number of shares outstanding as well as those discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi, including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2015. Other than as required by applicable law, Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Appendices Financial statements are not audited. The audit procedures by the Statutory Auditors are underway. List of appendices Appendix 1:  2016 fourth-quarter net sales by GBU, franchise, geographic region and product Appendix 2: 2016 Fourth-quarter and 2016 Business net income statement Appendix 3: Reconciliation of Business net income to Net income attributable to equity holders of Sanofi Appendix 4: 2016 fourth quarter and 2016 consolidated income statement Appendix 5 Appendix 6 Appendix 7: Appendix 8: Appendix 9: Appendix 10: Animal Health : 2016 fourth quarter and 2016 sales and business operating income Change in net debt Simplified consolidated balance sheet Currency sensitivity R&D pipeline Expected R&D milestones   Appendix 11:   Definitions of non-GAAP financial indicators Appendix 1: 2016 fourth-quarter net sales by GBU, franchise, geographic region and product                                 Q4 2016 (€ million) Total GBUs % CER % reported Europe % CER United States % CER Rest of the World % CER   Emer- ging Mar- kets % CER Total Fran- chises % CER % reported Aubagio 357 34.1% 35.2% 79 31.7% 265 34.5% 13 40.0%   10 37.5% 367 34.2% 34.9% Lemtrada 112 44.9% 43.6% 39 41.4% 67 50.0% 6 20.0%   5 100.0% 117 46.9% 44.4% Total MS 469 36.5% 37.1% 118 34.8% 332 37.4% 19 33.3%   15 54.5% 484 37.1% 37.1% Cerezyme 127 -2.3% -3.1% 70 -1.4% 46 -2.1% 11 -8.3%   57 34.7% 184 7.8% 2.2% Cerdelga 29 27.3% 31.8% 5 66.7% 23 21.1% 1 –   0 – 29 27.3% 31.8% Myozyme 162 11.8% 12.5% 80 7.8% 66 18.2% 16 8.3%   30 39.1% 192 15.6% 15.0% Fabrazyme 165 13.5% 17.0% 40 13.9% 95 13.4% 30 13.0%   17 17.6% 182 13.9% 15.2% Aldurazyme 35 5.7% 0.0% 18 0.0% 11 0.0% 6 40.0%   15 14.3% 50 8.2% 2.0% Total Rare Disease 589 6.8% 7.9% 228 4.5% 270 7.7% 91 10.7%   127 23.5% 716 9.7% 8.5% Taxotere 10 -23.1% -23.1% 1 -50.0% 1 -116.7% 8 -52.9%   32 -8.3% 42 -12.2% -14.3% Jevtana 87 10.4% 13.0% 35 12.5% 39 5.7% 13 20.0%   5 -14.3% 92 8.3% 9.5% Eloxatine 9 -67.9% -67.9% 1 0.0% 0 -100.0% 8 -61.9%   32 10.0% 41 -27.6% -29.3% Thymo- globulin 59 9.4% 11.3% 9 0.0% 43 16.2% 7 -16.7%   18 12.5% 77 10.1% 11.6% Mozobil 40 8.6% 14.3% 10 -9.1% 27 23.8% 3 -33.3%   1 -33.3% 41 5.3% 7.9% Zaltrap 14 -17.6% -17.6% 11 -15.4% 3 -40.0% 0 -100.0%   1 0.0% 15 -16.7% -16.7% Total Oncology 277 -4.9% -2.1% 78 0.0% 150 5.0% 49 -34.4%   92 -1.0% 369 -3.9% -3.1% Sanofi Genzyme (Specialty Care) 1,335 12.6% 14.0% 424 10.4% 752 18.4% 159 -5.3%   234 14.3% 1,569 12.9% 12.6% Lantus 1,220 -6.2% -5.0% 199 -17.4% 931 -1.8% 90 -18.3%   243 0.0% 1,463 -5.1% -4.8% Toujeo 223 136.6% 139.8% 41 263.6% 169 111.4% 13 333.3%   15 180.0% 238 138.8% 142.9% Apidra 73 -18.6% -15.1% 32 -6.1% 29 -31.0% 12 -9.1%   22 33.3% 95 -9.6% -8.7% Amaryl 16 -20.0% -20.0% 6 -16.7% 1 – 9 -28.6%   73 4.1% 89 -1.1% -5.3% Insuman 20 -8.7% -13.0% 19 -9.1% 1 – 0 -100.0%   11 -20.0% 31 -13.2% -18.4% Toujeo 223 136.6% 139.8% 41 263.6% 169 111.4% 13 333.3%   15 180.0% 238 138.8% 142.9% Total Diabetes 1,580 1.4% 2.8% 318 -5.6% 1,131 5.5% 131 -12.7%   365 4.1% 1,945 1.9% 2.2% Multaq 93 10.8% 12.0% 10 -8.3% 81 15.7% 2 -100.0%   1 0.0% 94 10.6% 10.6% Praluent 37 640.0% 640.0% 6 500.0% 30 500.0% 1 -200.0%   0 – 37 640.0% 640.0% Total Cardio- vascular 130 46.6% 47.7% 16 30.8% 111 48.0% 3 –   1 0.0% 131 45.6% 45.6% Diabetes & Cardio- vascular 1,710 3.8% 5.2% 334 -4.2% 1,242 8.3% 134 -12.0%   366 4.1% 2,076 3.9% 4.2% Plavix 363 -20.0% -20.2% 37 -13.6% 0 – 97 -45.6%   229 -5.1% 363 -20.0% -20.2% Lovenox 414 0.7% -1.2% 255 -1.5% 13 -27.8% 22 -8.3%   124 12.2% 414 0.7% -1.2% Renagel / Renvela 235 -2.5% -1.7% 19 -24.0% 194 -0.5% 8 -11.1%   14 16.7% 235 -2.5% -1.7% Aprovel 163 -1.8% -4.1% 29 -18.9% 4 33.3% 32 -3.2%   98 4.0% 163 -1.8% -4.1% Allegra 41 -18.2% -6.8% 2 -50.0% 0 – 39 -16.7%   0 – 41 -18.2% -6.8% Myslee / Ambien / Stilnox 79 -11.8% -7.1% 11 -8.3% 24 0.0% 30 -27.0%   14 8.3% 79 -11.8% -7.1% Synvisc / Synvisc One 111 -4.3% -4.3% 9 12.5% 84 -9.8% 3 -20.0%   15 36.4% 111 -4.3% -4.3% Depakine 108 7.8% 4.9% 40 0.0% 0 – 5 50.0%   63 11.9% 108 7.8% 4.9% Tritace 59 -6.3% -7.8% 37 -9.8% 0 – 1 –   21 -4.3% 59 -6.3% -7.8% Lasix 34 0.0% -2.9% 18 -5.3% 0 -100.0% 2 0.0%   14 14.3% 34 0.0% -2.9% Targocid 35 0.0% -2.8% 16 -15.0% 0 – 2 100.0%   17 13.3% 35 0.0% -2.8% Orudis 26 -16.1% -16.1% 4 0.0% 0 – 2 100.0%   20 -24.0% 26 -16.1% -16.1% Cordarone 29 -6.5% -6.5% 7 -25.0% 0 – 8 0.0%   14 0.0% 29 -6.5% -6.5% Xatral 24 4.3% 4.3% 9 0.0% 0 – 2 0.0%   13 7.7% 24 4.3% 4.3% Other Rx Drugs 847 11.5% 11.0% 418 0.7% 52 -256.3% 87 14.3%   290 -2.7% 847 11.5% 11.0% Total Established Rx Products 2,568 -1.3% -1.8% 911 -3.3% 371 22.4% 340 -19.9%   946 0.9% 2,568 -1.3% -1.8% Generics 468 0.2% 0.2% 192 -6.6% 43 -6.8% 24 57.1%   209 5.1% 468 0.2% 0.2% Total Emerging Markets Specialty Care 234 14.3% 4.9% 0 – 0 – 0 –   234 14.3% 0     Total Emerging Markets Diabetes & Cardio- vascular 366 4.1% -0.5% 0 – 0 – 0 –   366 4.1% 0.0%     General Medicines & Emerging Markets 3,636 0.4% -1.0% 1,103 -3.9% 414 18.7% 364 -17.5%   1,755 3.8%       Consumer Healthcare 834 2.7% 3.1% 229 9.5% 209 4.6% 70 6.5%   326 -3.2% 834 2.7% 3.1%                                 Total Pharma- ceuticals 7,515 3.4% 3.3% 2,090 0.0% 2,617 12.3% 727 -12.0%   2,081 2.6% 7,515 3.4% 3.3%                                 Polio / Pertussis / Hib 544 16.5% 16.7% 24 -30.3% 166 89.5% 50 -9.8%   304 5.1% 544 16.5% 16.7% Adult Booster Vaccines 129 -15.3% -14.0% 7 -75.0% 100 -2.0% 4 0.0%   18 0.0% 129 -15.3% -14.0% Meningitis/ Pneumonia 118 3.6% 5.4% 1 0.0% 93 7.1% 4 33.3%   20 -13.0% 118 3.6% 5.4% Influenza Vaccines 416 -5.3% -7.6% 6 -60.0% 280 -14.0% 7 50.0%   123 25.7% 416 -5.3% -7.6% Travel and other endemic Vaccines 107 4.0% 7.0% 5 -33.3% 35 40.0% 15 27.3%   52 -12.1% 107 4.0% 7.0% Dengue 5 – – 0 – 0 – 0 –   5 – 5 – – Vaccines 1,352 3.7% 3.5% 44 -46.3% 704 7.8% 83 -1.3%   521 7.3% 1,352 3.7% 3.5% Total Group 8,867 3.4% 3.3% 2,134 -1.7% 3,321 11.3% 810 -11.0%   2,602 3.5% 8,867 3.4% 3.3%                                 Appendix 1: 2016 net sales by GBU, franchise, geographic region and product                                 2016 (€ million) Total GBUs % CER % reported Europe % CER United States % CER Rest of the World % CER   Emer- ging Mar- kets % CER Total Fran- chises % CER % reported Aubagio 1,261 49.0% 48.9% 308 56.9% 908 46.6% 45 46.9%   34 75.0% 1,295 49.7% 48.7% Lemtrada 407 77.7% 74.7% 151 73.6% 233 82.0% 23 64.3%   18 110.0% 425 79.0% 74.9% Total MS 1,668 55.2% 54.4% 459 62.2% 1,141 52.7% 68 52.2%   52 85.3% 1,720 56.1% 54.4% Cerezyme 509 -3.9% -4.3% 280 0.0% 181 -10.0% 48 -2.1%   239 27.1% 748 5.3% -1.2% Cerdelga 106 59.1% 60.6% 17 183.3% 85 41.7% 4 –   0 – 106 59.1% 60.6% Myozyme 623 12.4% 12.1% 327 8.5% 240 16.6% 56 20.5%   102 20.2% 725 13.5% 11.5% Fabrazyme 606 13.4% 14.6% 156 13.6% 345 12.8% 105 15.5%   68 25.4% 674 14.7% 13.9% Aldurazyme 141 4.4% 2.9% 75 2.7% 42 5.0% 24 9.1%   60 15.5% 201 7.7% 3.1% Total Rare Disease 2,270 9.1% 9.4% 922 8.6% 1,014 9.4% 334 9.8%   507 22.9% 2,777 11.7% 8.9% Taxotere 49 -41.3% -38.8% 4 -42.9% 4 -500.0% 41 -47.3%   130 -3.5% 179 -17.1% -19.4% Jevtana 335 12.9% 13.9% 139 0.0% 152 18.9% 44 53.8%   23 -3.7% 358 11.5% 11.5% Eloxatine 36 -61.9% -62.9% 4 0.0% 0 -100.0% 32 -60.7%   134 8.5% 170 -21.6% -25.1% Thymo- globulin 222 7.8% 8.3% 38 -2.5% 160 10.3% 24 10.0%   59 23.5% 281 10.9% 9.8% Mozobil 145 10.7% 10.7% 42 4.9% 95 14.5% 8 0.0%   7 -33.3% 152 7.0% 6.3% Zaltrap 61 -16.2% -17.6% 47 -7.8% 14 -33.3% 0 -50.0%   4 33.3% 65 -14.3% -15.6% Total Oncology 1,081 -3.9% -3.5% 326 -2.4% 582 6.4% 173 -30.3%   372 2.9% 1,453 -2.2% -3.4% Sanofi Genzyme (Specialty Care) 5,019 17.3% 17.4% 1,707 16.4% 2,737 23.2% 575 -3.4%   931 16.7% 5,950 17.2% 15.1% Lantus 4,761 -12.1% -12.1% 878 -10.3% 3,528 -12.5% 355 -12.9%   953 6.0% 5,714 -9.4% -10.6% Toujeo 630 295.6% 296.2% 120 566.7% 475 246.0% 35 775.0%   19 260.0% 649 294.5% 295.7% Apidra 286 -8.4% -7.1% 127 2.4% 115 -20.7% 44 2.6%   81 32.4% 367 -1.1% -2.4% Amaryl 70 -19.3% -15.7% 27 3.8% 3 50.0% 40 -32.7%   292 0.3% 362 -3.8% -7.9% Insuman 85 -11.3% -12.4% 82 -11.7% 3 50.0% 0 -100.0%   44 13.6% 129 -3.5% -8.5% Total Diabetes 5,946 -3.8% -3.7% 1,319 -0.4% 4,127 -4.6% 500 -6.5%   1,395 7.0% 7,341 -1.8% -3.2% Multaq 347 3.6% 3.6% 44 2.3% 299 4.2% 4 -25.0%   6 16.7% 353 3.8% 3.5% Praluent 104 1055.6% 1055.6% 18 1700.0% 85 855.6% 1 -100.0%   1 – 105 1066.7% 1066.7% Total Cardio- vascular 451 31.1% 31.1% 62 40.0% 384 30.1% 5 0.0%   7 33.3% 458 31.1% 30.9% Diabetes & Cardio- vascular 6,397 -2.0% -1.8% 1,381 0.9% 4,511 -2.3% 505 -6.5%   1,402 7.2% 7,799 -0.4% -1.7% Plavix 1,544 -18.8% -20.0% 162 -11.4% 1 0.0% 411 -50.0%   970 3.4% 1,544 -18.8% -20.0% Lovenox 1,636 -1.7% -4.8% 1,027 -1.1% 54 -29.9% 93 -2.1%   462 1.6% 1,636 -1.7% -4.8% Renagel / Renvela 922 -1.1% -1.4% 82 -31.4% 764 5.5% 33 6.5%   43 -23.3% 922 -1.1% -1.4% Aprovel 681 -7.0% -10.6% 127 -13.5% 15 0.0% 127 -7.9%   412 -4.8% 681 -7.0% -10.6% Allegra 186 -11.9% -4.1% 9 -18.2% 0 – 177 -11.5%   0 – 186 -11.9% -4.1% Myslee / Ambien / Stilnox 304 -2.9% -0.7% 44 -6.4% 84 13.5% 120 -16.0%   56 9.3% 304 -2.9% -0.7% Synvisc / Synvisc One 408 -0.2% -1.2% 33 3.1% 313 -2.8% 14 -12.5%   48 20.9% 408 -0.2% -1.2% Depakine 416 3.3% -1.4% 161 -1.2% 0 – 15 7.1%   240 6.3% 416 3.3% -1.4% Tritace 245 -7.7% -10.6% 154 -4.9% 0 – 4 -20.0%   87 -11.3% 245 -7.7% -10.6% Lasix 148 -6.2% -8.6% 75 -2.6% 0 -100.0% 19 -34.6%   54 7.1% 148 -6.2% -8.6% Targocid 149 -3.8% -6.9% 74 -8.4% 0 – 7 -25.0%   68 4.3% 149 -3.8% -6.9% Orudis 103 -30.1% -34.0% 17 -5.3% 0 – 7 50.0%   79 -36.1% 103 -30.1% -34.0% Cordarone 122 -4.6% -6.2% 28 -6.7% 0 – 31 -9.4%   63 -1.5% 122 -4.6% -6.2% Xatral 100 8.4% 5.3% 38 0.0% 0 – 4 -20.0%   58 17.3% 100 8.4% 5.3% Other Rx Drugs 3,347 -5.9% -7.9% 1,611 -4.1% 259 -16.6% 358 -5.7%   1,119 -5.8% 3,347 -5.9% -7.9% Total Established Rx Products 10,311 -6.8% -8.7% 3,642 -4.8% 1,490 -2.4% 1,420 -25.7%   3,759 -2.0% 10,311 -6.8% -8.7% Generics 1,854 0.7% -3.3% 802 -0.7% 175 1.8% 92 1.2%   785 1.8% 1,854 0.7% -3.3% Total Emerging Markets Specialty Care 931 16.7% 4.3%               931 16.7%       Total Emerging Markets Diabetes & Cardio- vascular 1,402 7.2% -0.8%               1,402 7.2%       General Medicines & Emerging Markets 14,498 -3.3% -6.6% 4,444 -4.1% 1,665 -1.9% 1,512 -24.5%   6,877 2.5%       Consumer Healthcare 3,330 -1.6% -4.6% 879 0.0% 938 3.8% 275 9.9%   1,238 -7.9% 3,330 -1.6% -4.6%                                 Total Pharma- ceuticals 29,244 0.2% -1.9% 8,411 0.8% 9,851 4.3% 2,867 -15.2%   8,115 0.8% 29,244 0.2% -1.9%                                 Polio / Pertussis / Hib 1,495 12.7% 10.9% 105 16.7% 405 2.5% 153 9.3%   832 18.2% 1,495 12.7% 10.9% Adult Booster Vaccines 417 -15.5% -15.9% 44 -29.0% 302 -16.4% 23 20.0%   48 -7.4% 417 -15.5% -15.9% Meningitis/ Pneumonia 633 4.1% 3.1% 5 66.7% 518 4.6% 16 88.9%   94 -7.5% 633 4.1% 3.1% Influenza Vaccines 1,521 16.6% 15.1% 83 -13.5% 1,117 24.4% 39 8.3%   282 3.7% 1,521 16.6% 15.1% Travel And other endemic Vaccines 368 -0.8% -1.9% 26 -13.3% 126 13.5% 50 -5.7%   166 -6.1% 368 -0.8% -1.9% Dengue 55 – – 0 – 0 – 0 –   55 – 55 – – Vaccines 4,577 8.8% 7.4% 268 -5.3% 2,540 8.3% 291 8.9%   1,478 12.4% 4,577 8.8% 7.4% Total Group 33,821 1.2% -0.7% 8,679 0.6% 12,391 5.1% 3,158 -13.4%   9,593 2.4% 33,821 1.2% -0.7%                                 Appendix 2: 2016 Fourth-quarter and 2016 Business net income statement Fourth Quarter 2016 Pharmaceuticals Vaccines Others Group € million Q4 2016 Q4 2015 Change Q4 2016 Q4 2015 Change Q4 2016 Q4 2015 Q4 2016 Q4 2015 Change Net sales 7,515 7,277 3.3% 1,352 1,306 3.5%     8,867 8,583 3.3% Other revenues (1) 83 91 (8.8%) 227 144 57.6%     310 235 31.9% Cost of sales (2,210) (2,195) 0.7% (746) (670) 11.3%     (2,956) (2,865) 3.2% As % of net sales (29.4%) (30.2%)   (55.2%) (51.3%)       (33.3%) (33.4%)   Gross profit 5,388 5,173 4.2% 833 780 6.8%     6,221 5,953 4.5% As % of net sales 71.7% 71.1%   61.6% 59.7%       70.2% 69.4%   Research and development expenses (1,292) (1,214) 6.4% (145) (150) (3.3%)     (1,437) (1,364) 5.4% As % of net sales (17.2%) (16.7%)   (10.7%) (11.5%)       (16.2%) (15.9%)   Selling and general expenses (2,401) (2,276) 5.5% (202) (206) (1.9%)     (2,603) (2,482) 4.9% As % of net sales (31.9%) (31.3%)   (14.9%) (15.8%)       (29.4%) (28.9%)   Other current operating income /expenses (28) 46   (14) 25   (36) (47) (78) 24   Share of profit/loss of associates* and joint-ventures 41 28   12 3       53 31   Net income attributable to non-controlling interests (31) (39)   (1) –       (32) (39)   Business operating income 1,677 1,718 (2.4%) 483 452 6.9% (36) (47) 2,124 2,123 0.0% As % of net sales 22.3% 23.6%   35.7% 34.6%       24.0% 24.7%                     Financial income and expenses (125) (73)                         Income tax expense (474) (358)                       Tax rate** 24.0% 17.4%                       Business net income excl. Animal Health business 1,525 1,692 (9.9%)                   As % of net sales 17.2% 19.7%                       Business Net Income of Animal Health business 81 17 376.5%                                             Business Net Income 1,606 1,709 (6.0%)                                             Business Earnings / share excluding Animal Health business*** (in euros) 1.19 1.30 (8.5%)                   Business earnings / share*** (in euros) 1.25 1.31 (4.6%) * Net of tax. ** Determined on the basis of Business income before tax, associates and non-controlling interests (excluding Animal Health business). *** Based on an average number of shares outstanding of 1,282.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 and 1,304.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. (1) As per a change in accounting presentation, VaxServe sales of non-Group products are reported in Other revenues from 2016 onwards. Prior period Net sales and Other revenues have been represented accordingly.  2016 Pharmaceuticals Vaccines Others Group € million  2016 2015 Change  2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 2016 2015 Change Net sales 29,244 29,799 (1.9%) 4,577 4,261 7.4%     33,821 34,060 (0.7%) Other revenues (1) 274 288 (4.9%) 613 513 19.5%     887 801 10.7% Cost of sales (8,349) (8,788) (5.0%) (2,353) (2,131) 10.4%     (10,702) (10,919) (2.0%) As % of net sales (28.5%) (29.5%)   (51.4%) (50.0%)       (31.6%) (32.1%)   Gross profit 21,169 21,299 (0.6%) 2,837 2,643 7.3%     24,006 23,942 0.3% As % of net sale 72.4% 71.5%   62.0% 62.0%       71.0% 70.3%   Research and development expenses (4,618) (4,530) 1.9% (554) (552) 0.4%     (5,172) (5,082) 1.8% As % of net sales (15.8%) (15.2%)   (12.1%) (13.0%)       (15.3%) (14.9%)   Selling and general expenses (8,743) (8,656) 1.0% (743) (726) 2.3%     (9,486) (9,382) 1.1% As % of net sales (29.9%) (29.0%)   (16.2%) (17.0%)       (28.0%) (27.5%)   Other current operating income/expenses (1) (121)   (14) 27   (112) (114) (127) (208)   Share of profit/loss of associates* and joint-ventures 129 146   48 23       177 169   Net income attributable to non-controlling interests (112) (125)   (1) (1)       (113) (126)   Business operating income 7,824 8,013 (2.4%) 1,573 1,414 11.2% (112) (114) 9,285 9,313 (0.3%) As % of net sales 26.8% 26.9%   34.4% 33.2%       27.5% 27.3%                     Financial income and expenses (399) (381)                     Income tax expense (2,054) (1,929)                     Tax rate** 23.3% 21.7%                     Business net income excl. Animal Health business 6,832 7,003 (2.4%)                   As % of net sales 20.2% 20.6%                                               Business net income of Animal Health business 476 368 29.3%                                             Business Net Income 7,308 7,371 (0.9%)                                             Business earnings / share excluding Animal Health business*** (in euros) 5.31 5.36 (0.9%)                   Business earnings / share*** (in euros) 5.68 5.64 0.7% *     Net of tax. **    Determined on the basis of Business income before tax, associates and non-controlling interests (excluding Animal Health business). ***  Based on an average number of shares outstanding of 1,286.6 million in 2016 and 1,306.2 million in 2015. (1) As per a change in accounting presentation, VaxServe sales of non-Group products are reported in Other revenues from 2016 onwards. Prior period Net sales and Other revenues have been represented accordingly. Appendix 3: Reconciliation of Business net income to Net income attributable to equity holders of Sanofi € million Q4 2016 (1) Q4 2015 (1) Change Business net income 1,606 1,709 (6.0%) Amortization of intangible assets (2) (412) (695)   Impairment of intangible assets (119) (533)   Fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration liabilities (41) (108)   Restructuring costs and similar items (189) (359)   Impairment loss on Alnylam investment (296) –   Other gains and losses, and litigation (3) 211 –   Tax effect of items listed above (4): 95 601     Amortization of intangible assets 197 256     Impairment of intangible assets 24 175     Fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration  liabilities 1 46     Restructuring costs and similar items (139) 124     Other tax effects 12 –   Other tax items – –   Share of items listed above attributable to non-controlling interests 11 20   Restructuring costs of associates and joint-ventures, and expenses arising from the impact of acquisitions on associates and joint-ventures (9) (59)   Animal Health items (5) (63) (242)   Other Sanofi Pasteur MSD items (6) (4) –   Net income attributable to equity holders of Sanofi 790 334 136.5% IFRS earnings per share(7) (in euros) 0.62 0.26   (1) Animal Health business reported separately in accordance with IFRS 5 (Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations). (2) Of which related to amortization expense generated by the remeasurement of intangible assets as part of business combinations: €374 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 and €423 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. (3) Gain on Sanofi Pasteur MSD investment in associates and joint-ventures upon termination of the joint-venture. (4) This lines includes the impact on deferred tax assets and liabilities coming from the reconciliation items (in particular amortization and impairment of intangible assets and restructuring costs) following the change in tax rates, mainly in France (28% standard rate effective as of January 1, 2020). (5) Includes the following items: impact of the elimination of depreciation and impairment of Property, Plant & Equipment included in Business Net Income from the IFRS 5 application date, impact of the amortization and impairment of intangible assets until IFRS 5 application date, costs incurred as a result of the divestment, as well as tax effect of these items. (6) Includes the following items: impact of the discontinuation of the equity accounting of the Sanofi Pasteur MSD business net income since the announcement by Sanofi and Merck of their intent to end their joint vaccine operations in Europe. (7) Based on an average number of shares outstanding of 1,282.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 and 1,304.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. € million 2016 (1) 2015 (1) Change Business net income 7,308 7,371 (0.9%) Amortization of intangible assets (2) (1,692) (2,137)   Impairment of intangible assets (192) (767)   Fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration liabilities (135) 53   Restructuring costs and similar items (879) (795)   Impairment loss on Alnylam investment (457) –   Other gains and losses, and litigation (3) 211 –   Tax effect of items listed above(4): 841 1,331     Amortization of intangible assets 647 757     Impairment of intangible assets 47 262     Fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration liabilities 24 39     Restructuring costs and similar items 95 273     Other tax effect 28 –   Other tax items (113) (111)   Share of items listed above attributable to non-controlling interests 22 25   Restructuring costs of associates and joint-ventures, and expenses arising from the impact of acquisitions on associates and joint-ventures 9 (191)   Animal Health items (5) (162) (492)   Other Sanofi Pasteur MSD items (6) (52) –   Net income attributable to equity holders of Sanofi 4,709 4,287 9.8% IFRS earnings per share (7) (in euros) 3.66 3.28    (1) Animal Health business reported separately in accordance with IFRS 5 (Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations). (2) Of which related to amortization expense generated by the remeasurement of intangible assets as part of business combinations: €1,550 million in 2016 and €1,770 million 2015. (3) Gain on Sanofi Pasteur MSD investment in associates and joint-ventures upon termination of the joint-venture. (4) This lines includes the impact on deferred tax assets and liabilities coming from the reconciliation items (in particular amortization and impairment of intangible assets and restructuring costs) following the change in tax rates, mainly in France (28% standard rate effective as of January 1, 2020) and in Japan. (5) Includes the following items: impact of the elimination of depreciation and impairment of Property, Plant & Equipment included in Business Net Income from IFRS 5 application date, impact of the amortization and impairment of intangible assets until IFRS 5 application date, costs incurred as a result of the divestment, as well as tax effect of these items. (6) Includes the following items: impact of the discontinuation of the equity accounting of the Sanofi Pasteur MSD business net income since the announcement by Sanofi and Merck of their intent to end their joint vaccine operations in Europe. (7) Based on an average number of shares outstanding of 1,286.6 million in 2016 and 1,306.2 million in 2015. Appendix 4: Consolidated income statements € million Q4 2016 (1) Q4 2015 (1)(2) 2016 (1) 2015 (1)(2) Net sales 8,867 8,583  33,821 34,060 Other revenues 310 235 887 801 Cost of sales (2,956) (2,865) (10,702) (10,919) Gross profit 6,221 5,953 24,006 23,942 Research and development expenses (1,437) (1,364) (5,172) (5,082) Selling and general expenses (2,603) (2,482) (9,486) (9,382) Other operating income 56 145 355 254 Other operating expenses (134) (121) (482) (462) Amortization of intangible assets (412) (695) (1,692) (2,137) Impairment of intangible assets (119) (533) (192) (767) Fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration liabilities (41) (108) (135) 53 Restructuring costs and similar items (189) (359) (879) (795)   Other gains and losses and litigation 211 – 211 – Operating income 1,553 436 6,534 5,624 Financial expenses (422) (172) (924) (559) Financial income 1 99 68 178 Income before tax and associates and joint ventures 1,132 363 5,678 5,243 Income tax expense (369) 243 (1,326) (709) Share of profit/loss of associates and joint ventures 30 (28) 134 (22) Net income excluding the held for exchange Animal Health business 793 578 4,486 4,512 Net income from the held for exchange Animal Health business 18 (225) 314 (124) Net income 811 353 4,800 4,388 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 21 19 91 101 Net income attributable to equity holders of Sanofi 790 334 4,709 4,287 Average number of shares outstanding (million) 1,282.9 1,304.9 1,286.6 1,306.2 Earnings per share (in euros) excluding the held for exchange Animal Health business 0.60 0.43 3.42 3.38 IFRS earnings per share (in euros) 0.62 0.26 3.66 3.28 (1) Animal Health business reported on a single line in the consolidated income statements in accordance with IFRS 5 (Non-current held for sale and discontinued operations). (2) As per a change in accounting presentation, VaxServe sales of non-Group products are reported in Other revenues from 2016 onwards. Prior period Net sales and Other revenues have been represented accordingly. Appendix 5: Animal Health: 2016 fourth quarter and 2016 sales and business operating income Net sales (€ million) Q4 2016 Change (CER) 2016 Change (CER) Companion Animal 359 +11.8% 1,781 +10.4% Production Animal 240 – 927 +7.9% Total Animal Health 599 +6.8% 2,708 +9.5%   of which vaccines 226 +6.6% 845 +8.0%   of which fipronil products 84 -16.7% 546 -11.2%   of which avermectin products 97 +1.1% 520 +5.2% Animal Health Fourth Quarter 2016 2016 € million Q4 2016 Q4 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Net sales 599 559 7.2% 2,708 2,515 7.7% Other revenues 12 9 33.3% 39 41 (4.9%) Cost of sales (230) (217) 6.0% (937) (885) 5.9% As % of net sales (38.4%) (38.8%)   (34.6%) (35.2%)   Gross profit 381 351 8.5% 1,810 1,671 8.3% As % of net sales 63.6% 62.8%   66.8% 66.4%   Research and development expenses (56) (51) 9.8% (191) (177) 7.9% As % of net sales (9.3%) (9.1%)   (7.1%) (7.0%)   Selling and general expenses (225) (218) 3.2% (899) (865) 3.9% As % of net sales (37.6%) (39.0%)   (33.2%) (34.4%)   Other current operating income/expenses 2 (4)   (14) 5   Share of profit/loss of associates* and joint-ventures – –   1 1   Business operating income 102 78 30.8% 707 635 11.3% As % of net sales 17.0% 14.0%   26.1% 25.2%   *     Net of tax. Appendix 6: Change in net debt € million 2016 2015 Business net income 7,308 7,371 Depreciation amortization and impairment of property, plant and equipment and software 1,355 1,333 Net gains and losses on disposals of non-current assets, net of tax (33) (137) Other non-cash items 44 (19) Operating cash flow before changes in working capital (1) 8,674 8,548 Changes in working capital (1) 610 1,048 Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and software (1,486) (1,464) Free cash flow (1) 7,798 8,132 Acquisitions of intangibles, excluding software (716) (1,559) Acquisitions of investments, including assumed debt (534) (365) Restructuring costs and similar items paid (729) (682) Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment, intangibles, and other non-current assets, net of tax 314 208 Issuance of Sanofi shares 306 573 Dividends paid to shareholders of Sanofi (3,759) (3,694) Acquisition of treasury shares (2,908) (1,784) Disposals of treasury shares, net of tax – 1 Transactions with non-controlling interests including dividends (31) (25) Foreign exchange impact (192) (768) Other items (501) (120) Change in net debt (952) (83) (1) Excluding restructuring costs and similar items Appendix 7: Simplified consolidated balance sheet ASSETS € million 12/31/16 12/31/15 LIABILITIES € million 12/31/16 12/31/15       Equity attributable to equity-holders of Sanofi 57,554 58,049       Equity attributable to non-controlling interests 170 161       Total equity 57,724 58,210       Long-term debt 16,815 13,118 Property, plant and equipment 10,019 9,943 Non-current liabilities related to business combinations and to non-controlling interests 1,378 1,121 Intangible assets (including goodwill) 51,166 51,583 Provisions and other non-current liabilities 8,834 9,169 Non-current financial assets, investments in associates, and deferred tax assets 10,379 10,115 Deferred tax liabilities 2,292 2,895 Non-current assets 71,564 71,641 Non-current liabilities 29,319 26,303       Accounts payable and other current liabilities 14,472 13,259 Inventories, accounts receivable and other current assets 16,414 15,780 Current liabilities related to business combinations and  to non-controlling interests 198 130 Cash and cash equivalents 10,273 9,148 Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt 1,764 3,436 Current assets 26,687 24,928 Current liabilities 16,434 16,825 Assets held for sale or exchange 6,421 5,752 Liabilities related to assets held for sale or exchange 1,195 983 Total ASSETS 104,672 102,321 Total LIABILITIES & EQUITY 104,672 102,321 Appendix 8: currency sensitivity 2017 Business EPS currency sensitivity Currency Variation Business EPS Sensitivity U.S. Dollar -0.05 USD/EUR +EUR 0.13 Japanese Yen +5 JPY/EUR -EUR 0.02 Chinese Yuan +0.2 CNY/EUR -EUR 0.02 Brazilian Real +0.4 BRL/EUR -EUR 0.02 Russian Ruble +10 RUB/EUR -EUR 0.03 Currency exposure on Q4 2016 and 2016 sales (without Merial) Currency Q4 2016 2016 US $ 38.2% 37.5% Euro € 21.9% 22.9% Chinese Yuan 5.3% 5.8% Japanese Yen 4.5% 4.7% Brazilian Real 2.5% 2.8% Mexican Peso 2.4% 1.6% Russian Ruble 1.9% 1.4% British Pound 1.7% 1.8% Australian $ 1.4% 1.5% Canadian $ 1.4% 1.4% Others 18.8% 18.6% Currency average rates   Q4 2015 Q4 2016 Change €/$ 1.09 1.08 -1.5% €/Yen 132.93 117.92 -11.3% €/Yuan 7.00 7.38 +5.5% €/Real 4.21 3.55 -15.7% €/Ruble 72.37 67.99 -6.0% Appendix 9: R&D Pipeline N : New Molecular Entity Registration N sarilumab Anti-IL6R mAb Rheumatoid arthritis, U.S, EU   Dengvaxia®(1) Mild-to-severe dengue fever vaccine N Dupixent® Anti-IL4Ralpha mAb Atopic dermatitis, U.S., EU PR5i DTP-HepB-Polio-Hib Pediatric hexavalent vaccine, U.S. N SAR342434 insulin lispro Type 1+2 diabetes VaxiGrip® QIV IM(2) Quadrivalent inactivated influenza vaccine (3 years+) Phase 3   dupilumab Anti-IL4Ralpha mAb Asthma, Nasal polyposis Clostridium difficile Toxoid vaccine N isatuximab Anti-CD38 naked mAb Relapsed Refractory Multiple myeloma VaxiGrip® QIV IM Quadrivalent inactivated influenza vaccine (6-35 months) N patisiran (ALN-TTR02) siRNA inhibitor targeting TTR Familial amyloidotic polyneuropathy Pediatric pentavalent vaccine DTP-Polio-Hib Japan N GZ402666 neo GAA Pompe Disease Men Quad TT 2nd generation meningococcal ACYW conjugate vaccine  N sotagliflozin Oral SGLT-1&2 inhibitor Type 1 & Type 2 diabetes   (1) Approved in 14 countries(2) Approved in 27 countries Phase 2   dupilumab Anti-IL4Ralpha mAb Eosinophilic oesophagitis N GZ402671 Oral GCS inhibitor Fabry Disease, Gaucher Type 3, Gaucher related Parkinson’s Disease Rabies VRVg Purified vero rabies vaccine N SAR156597  IL4/IL13 Bi-specific mAb Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis / Systemic Scleroderma N efpeglenatide Long-acting GLP-1 receptor agonist Type 2 diabetes Tuberculosis Recombinant subunit vaccine N GZ389988  TRKA antagonist Osteoarthritis N SAR425899 GLP-1R/GCGR dual agonist Type 2 diabetes Fluzone® QIV HD Quadrivalent inactivated influenza vaccine – High dose sarilumab Anti-IL6R mAb Uveitis N SAR100842 LPA1 receptor antagonist Systemic sclerosis Adacel+ Tdap booster N SAR422459 ABCA4 gene therapy Stargardt disease N SAR439152 Myosin inhibitor Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy Shan 6 DTP-HepB-Polio-Hib Pediatric hexavalent vaccine N SAR439684 PD-1 inhibitor Advanced CSCC (Skin cancer) N Combination ferroquine / OZ439 Antimalarial HIV Viral vector prime & rgp120 boost vaccine N olipudase alfa rhASM Deficiency Acid Sphingomyelinase Deficiency(1)     Phase 1 N SAR440340 Anti-IL33 mAb Asthma & COPD N SAR428926 Maytansin-loaded anti-Lamp1 mAb Cancer     Herpes Simplex Virus Type 2 HSV-2 vaccine N SAR439794 TLR4 agonist Peanut allergy N fitusiran (ALN-AT3) siRNA targeting Anti-Thrombin Hemophilia   Zika Inactivated Zika vaccine N GZ402668 GLD52 (anti-CD52 mAb) Relapsing multiple sclerosis N SAR438335 GLP-1R/GIPR dual agonist Type 2 diabetes   Respiratory syncytial virus Infants N UshStat® Myosin 7A gene therapy Usher syndrome 1B N SAR341402 Rapid acting insulin Diabetes   N SAR228810 Anti-protofibrillar AB mAb Alzheimer’s disease N SAR247799 S1P1 agonist Cardiovascular Indication N SAR566658 Maytansin-loaded anti-CA6 mAb Solid tumors N SAR407899 rho kinase Microvascular angina N SAR408701 Maytansin-loaded anti-CEACAM5 mAb Solid tumors   (1) Previously referred as Niemann Pick type B Appendix 10: Expected R&D milestones Products Expected milestones Timing Dengvaxia® Regulatory decision in endemic countries Throughout 2017 Kevzara® (1) U.S. regulatory resubmission in Rheumatoid Arthritis Q1 2017 Dupixent® (1) Japan regulatory submission in Atopic Dermatitis Q1 2017 Dupixent® (1) U.S. regulatory decision in Atopic Dermatitis Q1 2017 dupilumab Start of Phase 3 trial in Asthma in 6-11 year-olds Q2 2017 fitusiran Start of Phase 3 trial in Hemophilia Q2 2017 Kevzara® (1) U.S. regulatory decision in Rheumatoid Arthritis Q2 2017 Dupixent® (1) Start of Phase 3 trial in Atopic Dermatitis in 12-17 year-olds Q2 2017 Dupixent® (1) Start of Phase 3 trial in Atopic Dermatitis in 6-11 year-olds Q3 2017 patisiran Phase 3 results in Familial amyloidotic polyneuropathy Q3 2017 Fluzone QIV HD Start of Phase 3 trial Q3 2017 VaxiGrip® QIV IM (6-35 months) EU regulatory submission Q3 2017 dupilumab Phase 3 results in Asthma in Adult patients Q4 2017 dupilumab U.S. regulatory submission in Asthma in Adult patients Q4 2017 efpeglenatide Start of Phase 3 trial in type-2 Diabetes 2017 isatuximab Start of additional Phase 3 trials in Multiple Myeloma 2017  (1) Name received conditional approval Appendix 11: Definitions of non-GAAP financial indicators Company “Company” corresponds to Sanofi and its subsidiaries Company sales at constant exchange rates (CER) When we refer to changes in our net sales “at constant exchange rates” (CER), this means that we exclude the effect of changes in exchange rates. We eliminate the effect of exchange rates by recalculating net sales for the relevant period at the exchange rates used for the previous period. Reconciliation of net sales to Company sales at constant exchange rates for the fourth quarter and 2016 € million Q4 2016 2016 Net sales 8,867 33,821 Effect of exchange rates +10 +661 Company sales at constant exchange rates 8,877 34,482 Business net income Sanofi publishes a key non-GAAP indicator. Business net income is defined as net income attributable to equity holders of Sanofi excluding: amortization of intangible assets. impairment of intangible assets. fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration liabilities related to business combinations. other impacts associated with acquisitions (including impacts of acquisitions on associates and joint ventures). restructuring costs and similar items(1). other gains and losses (including gains and losses on disposals of non-current assets(1)). costs or provisions associated with litigation(1). tax effects related to the items listed above as well as effects of major tax disputes. tax (3%) on dividends paid to Sanofi shareholders. Impairments loss on Alnylam investment for the difference between the market value based on the stock price as of December 31, 2016 and historical cost, Animal Health items out of business net income(2). Net income attributable to non-controlling interests related to the items listed above. Other items relating to the Sanofi Pasteur MSD joint venture(3). (1) Reported in the line items Restructuring costs and similar items and Gains and losses on disposals, and litigation, which are defined in Note B.20. to our consolidated financial statements. (2) Impact of discontinuation of depreciation and impairment of Property, Plant and Equipment starting at IFRS 5 application (non-current assets held for sales and discontinued operations), amortization and impairment of intangible assets until IFRS 5 application and costs incurred as a result of the divestment as well as tax effect of these items. (3) Elimination of the Company’s share of the business net income of Sanofi Pasteur MSD from the date when Sanofi and Merck announced their intention to end their joint venture, plus an income tax charge arising from the taxable temporary differences relating to the investment in the joint venture Attachments: http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/3e17c4a8-e373-4841-be18-cf919c63bb90 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, Environment, Food and Beverage, general, Health, major, Markets, officer, post, private, Travel, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Report Details United States Human Fibrinogen Market 2017-2021 Next PostNext High Temperature Elastomers Market 2016 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecasts to 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store February 11, 2017 4:55 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Advertisement Obituary: H. Boyd Woodruff / Microbiologist who paved way for antibiotics July 22, 1917-Jan. 19, 2017 February 7, 2017 11:47 PM Special Collections and University Archives, Rutgers University Libraries In an undated handout photo, H. Boyd Woodruff, right, is seen with his mentor at Rutgers, Selman A. Waksman, in 1940. By Sam Roberts / The New York Times H. Boyd Woodruff, a farmer’s son whose groundbreaking research enabled fellow scientists to harvest an arsenal of lifesaving antibiotics from ordinary dirt, died on Jan. 19 at his home in Watchung, New Jersey. He was 99. His death was confirmed by his son Hugh. Mr. Woodruff was instrumental in isolating two microbes that, while effective against tuberculosis and other infections, proved toxic to humans. But his findings in the early 1940s inspired the rapid development of streptomycin, the miracle cure used to treat tuberculosis, typhoid, plague and other diseases that did not respond to penicillin and other drugs. “This was the eureka moment in all antibiotic discovery,” Douglas E. Eveleigh, a professor emeritus of biochemistry and microbiology at Rutgers University, said of Mr. Woodruff’s research in an email Thursday. “The pharmaceutical industry caught on very rapidly, and there followed an avalanche of antibiotics,” Mr. Eveleigh said. “This was all dependent on the Woodruff proof of concept in screening for antibiotic production.” In 1942, Mr. Woodruff left his laboratory at Rutgers to join Merck & Co., the pharmaceutical giant, where he oversaw the introduction of other antibiotics, vitamins B12 and C, and riboflavin; a treatment for a rare cancer called Wilms tumor; a pneumonia vaccine; and a drug used to treat river blindness. His mentor at Rutgers, Selman A. Waksman, and his Merck colleague William C. Campbell, who developed Avermectin for river blindness, both won the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine. Harold Boyd Woodruff, known as Boyd, was born on July 22, 1917, in Bridgeton, New Jersey. His father, also named Harold, owned a farm, continuing a family tradition that dated to the early 18th century. His mother, the former Velma Smith, was a secretary. The family farm, which lacked electricity, could not support the Woodruffs during the Depression, so his father resorted to sharecropping and later moved the family to Buffalo, where he worked briefly in a seafood restaurant. They moved from upstate New York because Velma Woodruff suffered from the cold — first to Virginia, then to Florida and finally back to New Jersey. “She’d get sick every winter and, of course, in those days, you didn’t have antibiotics or anything to treat infections,” Mr. Woodruff recalled in a 2004 oral history for Rutgers. “The doctor finally told my dad, ‘Look, you’ve got to move out of this country or you’re not going to have her much longer.’ ” In high school, he considered becoming an architect but, he later recalled, decided he wanted to be a chemist after taking an experimental course that encouraged “unexpected smells and disruptions of nearby classes,” he wrote in the Annual Review of Microbiology in 1981. He enrolled in Rutgers, where he lived above a chicken coop on campus. He graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in soil chemistry in 1939 and earned a doctorate in microbiology under Waksman in what was then the New Jersey Agriculture Experiment Station (now the Rutgers School of Environmental and Biological Sciences). “For the first time,” Mr. Woodruff wrote in the Annual Review, “I realized the unity of biology and chemistry, that each biological observation has an underlying chemical cause, that in unraveling the latter, one could understand the other.” Inspired by Alexander Fleming’s experiments with penicillin and research by a former Rutgers graduate student, René Dubos of the Rockefeller Institute (now The Rockefeller University), Mr. Waksman encouraged Mr. Woodruff to investigate whether actinomycetes, threadlike bacteria found in the soil, could produce what would become known as an antibiotic. Mr. Woodruff was able to isolate two microbes, culture them and purify the antibiotics they produced: first actinomycin, which he found could inhibit tuberculosis, and later streptothricin. That advance led to the discovery of streptomycin by another Rutgers graduate student, Albert Schatz. Mr. Schatz later successfully sued to be recognized with Waksman as a discoverer of the drug and, with Waksman and his other former assistants, to share in some of the royalties. (Most of the royalties supported further research.) During that suit, Mr. Waksman said that in isolating streptothricin, Mr. Woodruff had contributed “as much as 20 times” more than Mr. Schatz to the later discovery of streptomycin, Peter Pringle wrote in his book “Experiment Eleven: Deceit and Betrayal in the Discovery of the Cure for Tuberculosis” (2012). Mr. Eveleigh of Rutgers agreed. “The studies of Albert Schatz in his discovery of streptomycin,” he said, “were dependent on the initial antibiotic demonstration by Mr. Woodruff that one could isolate soil microorganisms, culture them and recover inhibitory compounds from them.” Mr. Woodruff, who was assigned 2 percent of the royalties in the settlement of Mr. Schatz’s suit, later endowed an undergraduate scholarship fund and a microbiology graduate fellowship in soils and environmental biology at Rutgers. At Merck, he was on the team that during World War II perfected the first commercial mass production of penicillin. He was later the executive director for biological sciences and executive administrator for Merck Sharp & Dohme Research Laboratories in Japan for 10 years. He was also the founding editor of the journal Applied Microbiology. In addition to Mr. Woodruff’s many awards, a bacterium, Seleniivibrio woodruffii — isolated from sludge in a New Jersey wastewater treatment plant — was named in his honor. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Insulin Biosimilars-Global Market Outlook (2016-2022) According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Insulin Biosimilars market is accounted for $xx million in 2015 and is expected to reach $xx million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of xx% from 2015 to 2022. Growing pervasiveness of type 1 diabetes and ongoing approvals by the government authorities are nurturing the market growth. Some drivers such as growing population exposures, technological developments and favorable medical repayment scenario in developed countries are poised to favour the market growth. However, patent protection rights of Insulin and strong vengeance from the key manufacturers are some of the restraints limiting the market. North America led the insulin biosimilars market due to rising demand for insulin in the region. Europe is anticipated to account for second largest share and Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a fastest rate during the forecast period. APAC players are competing on the basis of price and have pool of patients affected by diabetes, thus fueling the market growth. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/insulin-biosimilars-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players operating in the market include Eli Lilly & Co., Boehringer Ingelheim, Merck & Co., Pfizer Inc., Biocon, Mylan N.V., Merck & Co., Pfizer Inc., Sanofi S.A., Ypsomed AG, NOVO Nordisk A/S and Wockhardt Limited. Disease Indications Covered: Type I Diabetes Type II Diabetes Biosimilars Types Covered: Long-Acting Biosimilars Premixed Biosimilars Rapid-Acting Biosimilars Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184941 Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt Buy the report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184941 What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Electronics, Google News, Industry, Insulin Biosimilars Market, Insulin Biosimilars Market Share, Machinery, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, satPRnews, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Emerging Opportunities in Smart Fabrics Market with Current Trends Analysis Next PostNext Complex Regional Pain Syndrome Market Analysis and Value Forecast Snapshot by End-use Industry 2016-2026 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO Assembly Elections 2017 News » Health Farah Khan encourages couples who can't conceive to opt for IVF; calls it a 'blessing' By Zee Media Bureau | Last Updated: Tuesday, February 7, 2017 - 20:43 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Farah Khan with her three children Anya, Diva and Czar. Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: Gone are the days when the term 'In Vitro Fertilization' came with an attached stigma. Today, more and more couples who are experiencing problems in conceiving through natural process, are opting for IVF. IVF is the process of manually combining an egg and sperm in a laboratory dish, and then transferring the embryo to the uterus. Bollywood's ace director-choreographer and reality show judge Farah Khan is one celebrity who went for IVF after marriage and gave birth to triplets – two daughters and a son. Now, voicing her experience with the IVF process, Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can't conceive to give IVF a chance. Calling IVF a blessing, Khan who is married to Shirish Kunder recalled how they had failed attempts of trying to have a baby naturally for two years, before they went for the IVF treatment. She said, "IVF is a blessing and I am really thankful as it has changed my life. A lot of factors today make it difficult for some couples to conceive, but we have solutions in the form of treatments. And I strongly believe in IVF, it helped me conceive my angels. "Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too," Farah, who became a mother at the age of 43, said in a statement. The 52-year-old in association with Merck, pioneers in treatment of infertility, recently released a video for the cause. It features a personal memoir of Farah's journey to parenthood. She shares a vivid recollection of her fears, challenges, doubts and ultimately her story of hope, belief and positivity towards IVF that led her to become a mother. Merck released this video as part of their 'Parents of Fertility' awareness initiative that helps and supports couples in India through this journey of parenthood. Speaking about the campaign, Anand Nambiar, Managing Director, Merck India, said: "We are happy to share that our awareness efforts now have a new face and voice with actor, director and choreographer Farah Khan, coming on board as a Cause Ambassador for our 'Parents of Fertility' digital awareness initiative. "Merck has taken many small steps over the years to spread awareness on infertility as we understand that seeking treatment is emotionally and physically challenging. With this video we expect to reach out to millions of couples seeking help with the message that infertility can be dealt with and one should not lose hope and seek help of specialists to fulfil their dream." (With IANS inputs) First Published: Tuesday, February 7, 2017 - 18:57 More from zeenews   India Jallikattu held in Alanganallur, 47 injured Chinese soldier who crossed over to fly back home after 5 decades Give evidence to back allegation against Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis deal: SC to Swamy More from India World Donald Trump's U-turn on Taiwan shows he is learning, says Chinese media United States postpone eight executions amid legal battle Islamic State fighter - first Australian to be stripped of citizenship More from World Sports Virat Kohli credits his record-breaking spree to fitness, captaincy responsibility On Anil Kumble’s advice, Bangladesh Board approach Sunil Joshi for spin coach job Sunil Gavaskar, Wriddhiman Saha reveal why Virat Kohli didn't use DRS despite doubting umpire's decision More from Sports Entertainment Badrinath Ki Dulhania: Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt rock the 90s anthem 'Tamma Tamma' Jolly LLB 2 Day 1 box office collection: Akshay Kumar's powerful performance rakes in Rs 13 cr Swara Bhaskar's 'Anaarkali of Arrah' teaser to be launched by Sonam Kapoor More from Entertaiment Health World's heaviest woman weighing 500 kilograms lands in Mumbai for bariatric surgery Health a socio-cultural issue in India, difficult to address it: Expert Swine flu death toll on the rise in Telangana More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Can PM Modi's remarks on Manmohan Singh be termed as 'disrespectful' towards Parliament? MP: ATS arrests 4 people, who helped Pak’s ISI to spy on Indian military operations Watch - How currency notes are being wasted during a religious program in Gujarat West Bengal: Many hurt in clash between rival groups of TMC's student wing DNA: Why did India outrage against 'JNU anti-nationals' on this day last year? WATCH: That is what you call a DRS blunder! Bangladesh went for review but ball came out of middle of bat BJP records huge victory, wins all three MLC seats in Uttar Pradesh Superstar Rajinikanth planning to launch political party? India vs Bangladesh: With a killer smile, Virat Kohli gets in the business of 'perfection' — VIDEOS INSIDE Near Escape! Bangladesh skipper Mushfiqur Rahim almost took a blunder DRS call – WATCH TAGS In vitro fertilization IVF Fertility process Farah Khan Shirish Kunder Farah Khan children Top Videos Election commission authorities distribute roses to voters in Bagpat Mumbai: Basement of Tata memorial cancer hospital catches fire Voters of 'Naglakothi' boycott assembly elections in UP Press Conference of Rahul Gandhi, Akhilesh Yadav in Lucknow - Watch contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Feb 11, 2017-Saturday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini ‘IVF is a blessing’, Farah Khan urges couples who can’t conceive to try it health and fitness Updated: Feb 07, 2017 16:14 IST IANS Mumbai Farah has three children with husband Shirish Kunder- daughters Diva and Anya and son Czar(Instagram) Director-choreographer Farah Khan has encouraged couples who can’t conceive to go for specialized treatment, and says she herself underwent the IVF procedure which proved to be a blessing for her. Farah, who is married to film-maker Shirish Kunder, said they had failed attempts of trying to have a baby naturally for two years, before they went for IVF treatment. Now they are parents to triplets – one son and two daughters. My daughter Anya informs me that actually a pizza man delivered her to me! Gone are the days of the Stork!😂 A photo posted by @farahkhankunder on Aug 13, 2016 at 11:34pm PDT “IVF is a blessing and I am really thankful as it has changed my life. A lot of factors today make it difficult for some couples to conceive, but we have solutions in the form of treatments. And I strongly believe in IVF, it helped me conceive my angels. “Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too,” Farah, who became a mother at the age of 43, said in a statement. Attack of the Clones!!😆Times square #Americanholiday A photo posted by @farahkhankunder on Jul 6, 2016 at 5:36am PDT The 52-year-old in association with Merck, pioneers in treatment of infertility, recently released a video for the cause. It features a personal account of Farah’s journey to parenthood. She shares a vivid recollection of her fears, challenges, doubts and ultimately her story of hope, belief and positivity towards IVF that led her to become a mother. Merck released this video as part of their ‘Parents of Fertility’ awareness initiative that helps and supports couples in India through this journey of parenthood. Modern day sleeping beauties.. They don't wait for a prince.. They rescue each other.. A photo posted by @farahkhankunder on Jan 29, 2016 at 8:37pm PST Speaking about the campaign, Anand Nambiar, managing director, Merck India, said: “We are happy to share that our awareness efforts now have a new face and voice with actor, director and choreographer Farah Khan, coming on board as a Cause Ambassador for our ‘Parents of Fertility’ digital awareness initiative.” My animal lover activist daughter Anya.. N the puppy she wants to adopt.. Hmmmmmmmm A photo posted by @farahkhankunder on Jan 15, 2016 at 7:18pm PST “Merck has taken many small steps over the years to spread awareness on infertility as we understand that seeking treatment is emotionally and physically challenging. With this video we expect to reach out to millions of couples seeking help with the message that infertility can be dealt with and one should not lose hope and seek help of specialists to fulfil their dream.” Happy birthday #harrypotter .. Also @_jk.rowling taught my kids to believe in magic A photo posted by @farahkhankunder on Jul 30, 2016 at 8:39pm PDT Follow @htlifeandstyle for more. Read more Green tea may help people combat bone-marrow disorders, finds study Here’s why you should eat more pasta: It’s the new superfood tags FaraH Khan Shirish Kunder IVF treatment Parenting Triplets more from health-and-fitness Not just meat but legumes, nuts and Kale can also give you big muscles Feb 11, 2017 09:40 IST Having fruits and vegetables can drive away depression in just two weeks Feb 11, 2017 09:13 IST Recommended for you Presenting sponsor co-sponsor partner India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Patient critical after Jharkhand doctors use cloth thread to sew wound Feb 11, 2017 11:44 IST BJP leader Sangeet Som’s brother detained for carrying pistol inside poll booth Feb 11, 2017 11:33 IST The slow death of Kanpur’s leather economy and UP’s job crisis Feb 11, 2017 11:41 IST Sudarsan Pattnaik creates Guinness World Record for making tallest sand castle Feb 11, 2017 11:42 IST US agency helps CBI track 125 unidentified impersonators accused in MP’s Vyapam... Feb 11, 2017 11:04 IST Nalanda Univ chancellor Bhatkar to head panel for appointment of VC Feb 11, 2017 10:36 IST From collision to cover up: The inside story of the Chennai oil spill Feb 11, 2017 09:59 IST Chinese, US military airplanes have ‘unsafe’ encounter over South China Sea Feb 11, 2017 11:04 IST Four killed, several injured in earthquake in Philippines, buildings damaged Feb 11, 2017 10:54 IST UK drops hundreds of soldiers misconduct claims over Iraq, Afghan wars Feb 11, 2017 10:46 IST Trump travel ban kills surgeon’s lifesaving trip to Iran Feb 11, 2017 10:40 IST 500 kg Egyptian woman Eman Ahmed reaches Mumbai for surgery Feb 11, 2017 10:36 IST After legal setback, Trump says considering ‘brand new’ immigration order Feb 11, 2017 10:30 IST Chinese soldier, who strayed to India, waited 54 years for bowl of spicy, Shaanxi... Feb 11, 2017 10:08 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Circular asking students to pay respects to freedom fighters, parents on Feb 14, withdrawn Feb 11, 2017 11:15 IST Nalanda Univ chancellor Bhatkar to head panel for appointment of VC Feb 11, 2017 10:36 IST Cafe owners irked as rooftop shutdown at Connaught Place hits businesses Feb 11, 2017 08:33 IST AAP govt and Delhi education: A look at the hits, misses and future plans Feb 11, 2017 09:08 IST Two years of AAP: Govt push puts schools back on learning curve Feb 11, 2017 08:18 IST Maharashtra CM Fadnavis says no danger to his govt, confident of full term Feb 11, 2017 09:25 IST UP election: How BJP changes its narrative within 50 kms, from Hindutva to secu... Feb 11, 2017 07:42 IST After Versova mangrove destruction case, Mumbai suburban collector ready with action... Feb 11, 2017 01:11 IST Mumbai: Get ready to pay up to 200% more for parking Feb 11, 2017 01:10 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Can the low-key Akhilesh Yadav win the high-stakes UP battle? Feb 11, 2017 06:56 IST Green card blues are here to stay . Feb 10, 2017 21:17 IST Who’s afraid of the Naga Mothers? . Feb 10, 2017 21:21 IST JNU a year after: Belying predictions, campus politics is thriving. Here’s why Feb 10, 2017 17:39 IST SWOT analysis: Panneerselvam has the strength to defeat Sasikala, but his weaknesses... Feb 10, 2017 20:51 IST AB de Villiers aims to settle scores in South Africa’s tour of New Zealand Feb 11, 2017 11:41 IST Pakistan Super League 2017: Eoin Morgan 80* gives Peshawar Zalmi thumping win Feb 11, 2017 10:50 IST Pakistan Super League 2017: Quetta Gladiators beat Lahore Qalandars by 8 runs Feb 11, 2017 10:20 IST South Africa whitewash Sri Lanka 5-0, go on top of ICC ODI rankings Feb 11, 2017 09:10 IST Live cricket score, India vs Bangladesh, Day 3 live: BAN 113/4, trail by 574 Feb 11, 2017 11:24 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa AB de Villiers aims to settle scores in South Africa’s tour of New Zealand Feb 11, 2017 11:41 IST Arsene Wenger may quit after 2016-17 season, says Arsenal FC legend Ian Wright Feb 11, 2017 10:48 IST Pakistan Super League 2017: Eoin Morgan 80* gives Peshawar Zalmi thumping win Feb 11, 2017 10:50 IST Pakistan Super League 2017: Quetta Gladiators beat Lahore Qalandars by 8 runs Feb 11, 2017 10:20 IST Tottenham Hotspur keen to put Liverpool FC’s title ambitions to bed: Harry Kane Feb 11, 2017 09:52 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid The Ghazi Attack glorifies the Navy, giving them the due credit: Rana Daggubati Feb 11, 2017 11:20 IST Gigi Hadid tried to play cool on first date with Zayn, called him ‘cute’ in 10 ... Feb 11, 2017 11:02 IST Shia LaBeouf vs Donald Trump: Actor’s art exhibit shut down in New York Feb 11, 2017 11:08 IST Matt Reeves, not Ben Affleck, will direct the next Batman movie Feb 11, 2017 10:59 IST Dev Patel’s Lion’s newspaper ad with Sunny Pawar targets Trump’s travel ban Feb 11, 2017 10:52 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend Not just meat but legumes, nuts and Kale can also give you big muscles Feb 11, 2017 09:40 IST Having fruits and vegetables can drive away depression in just two weeks Feb 11, 2017 09:13 IST Now, a ‘miracle pill’ for the treatment of high blood pressure Feb 11, 2017 08:48 IST Anjali Lama, first transgender model at LFW, moves to Mumbai: Never been so busy Feb 11, 2017 08:59 IST Barking up the right tree: Review of The Book of Indian Dogs by S Theodore Bask... Feb 11, 2017 08:43 IST WhatsApp two step verification: Here are four reasons to not use the new feature Feb 11, 2017 11:44 IST Your OnePlus 3 and 3T to have improved camera, smart Wi-Fi switcher and more Feb 10, 2017 21:08 IST GST Council will have to decide on Apple’s make in India demands, says govt Feb 10, 2017 20:51 IST WhatsApp two-step verification now live on Android, iPhones and Windows Feb 11, 2017 11:36 IST Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone 8 may support wireless charging Feb 10, 2017 20:31 IST BHIM app registration crossed 140 lakh: Prasad Feb 10, 2017 19:46 IST Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp are all selling you to be able to sell to you Feb 10, 2017 13:13 IST From 2018, single exam for engineering and architecture across India Feb 10, 2017 21:10 IST IIM Kozhikode Post Graduate Programme batch records 100% placements Feb 10, 2017 16:47 IST Directors of 10 IIMs, including IIM Bangalore, appointed Feb 11, 2017 00:02 IST Medical admissions in Gujarat to be given on pro-rata basis under NEET: Govt Feb 10, 2017 15:25 IST Meet students from IIM Lucknow who refused jobs to chase their dreams Feb 10, 2017 15:13 IST Celebrating splendour and class at the ‘21 Gun Salute’ vintage car rally Feb 10, 2017 19:55 IST Muzaffarnagar riots: Three years on, no conviction in gang rape cases Feb 10, 2017 17:11 IST As campaigning draws to a close, Uttar Pradesh gears up to vote Feb 09, 2017 19:43 IST Preparations on for the Jallikattu bull-taming event Feb 08, 2017 21:01 IST Jat protests: Clamour for reservation grows Feb 08, 2017 16:31 IST U.P. Elections 2017: Senior, specially-abled citizens cast their vote Feb 11, 2017 11:40 IST Candidate arrives on ‘arthi’ to file his nomination Feb 10, 2017 15:39 IST 49 bull-tamers injured during Jallikattu in Madurai Feb 10, 2017 12:30 IST Congress leaders react to PM Modi’s ‘raincoat’ remark Feb 09, 2017 18:40 IST On the Move: Boatmen of UP grapple for identity Feb 09, 2017 11:28 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories
Nanobiotix recrute un senior executive de l’industrie pharmaceutique au poste de Chief Operating Officer Spécialisé en oncologie, il dirigera les opérations et la commercialisation du produit NBTXR3 February 07, 2017 02:44 AM Eastern Standard Time PARIS & CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: NANOBIOTIX (Paris:NANO) (Euronext: NANO – ISIN: FR0011341205), société française pionnière en nanomédecine développant de nouvelles approches thérapeutiques pour le traitement local du cancer, annonce aujourd’hui le recrutement d’Alain Dostie, en tant que Chief Operating Officer (COO). Alain Dostie dirigera les opérations de Nanobiotix. Ces activités incluent le développement clinique, la production, l’accès au marché et la commercialisation de NBTXR3 dont le marquage CE pourrait être obtenu en 2017. Précédemment, Alain Dostie était le « General Manager » de la division Oncologie de Novartis en Allemagne. Il rejoint Nanobiotix riche de plus de 25 ans d’expérience internationale dans l’industrie pharmaceutique, et particulièrement en accès au marché et en oncologie. Laurent Levy, CEO de Nanobiotix a commenté : « Nous sommes très heureux d’accueillir Alain dans notre équipe. Au moment où Nanobiotix s’apprête à changer de dimension, son expérience, son remarquable parcours et ses valeurs font de lui la bonne personne à ce poste stratégique. » Alain Dostie, COO de Nanobiotix a ajouté : « Nanobiotix est à un moment clé dans sa création de valeur, cette année sont attendues l’analyse intermédiaire de sa première phase II/III et une potentielle première autorisation de mise sur le marché, c’est très excitant ! La technologie développée par Nanobiotix est unique, largement applicable et portée par une équipe solide et enthousiaste, je les rejoins aujourd’hui pour contribuer à la réussite à long terme de la Société. » Avant de rejoindre Nanobiotix, Alain Dostie a été le « General Manager » de la division Oncologie de Novartis Pharma en Allemagne, où il a notamment géré une équipe de plusieurs centaines de personnes et été responsable de plus d’1 milliard de dollars de ventes. Il a précédemment exercé la même fonction chez Novartis Canada. Il a également dirigé de l’unité Business Oncology de Novartis en République Tchèque et en Slovaquie. Avant cela, il a été Directeur exécutif marketing et Directeur national des ventes en oncologie chez Novartis Pharmaceuticals au Canada, Inc. ainsi que Manager des Affaires gouvernementales chez Merck Frosst Canada, Inc. Alain Dostie a enfin occupé plusieurs postes notamment en marketing chez Bayer Canada, Inc. Alain Dostie a obtenu son “Bachelor of Science in human kinetics” à l’Université de Guelph, au Canada. *** A propos de NANOBIOTIX – www.nanobiotix.com/fr Nanobiotix, spin-off de l’Université de Buffalo, SUNY, a été créée en 2003. Société pionnière et leader en nanomédecine, elle a développé une approche révolutionnaire dans le traitement local du cancer. La Société concentre son effort sur le développement de son portefeuille de produits entièrement brevetés, NanoXray, innovation reposant sur le mode d’action physique des nanoparticules qui, sous l’action de la radiothérapie, permettent de maximiser l’absorption des rayons X à l’intérieur des cellules cancéreuses afin de les détruire plus efficacement. Les produits NanoXray sont compatibles avec les traitements de radiothérapie standards et visent à traiter potentiellement une grande variété de cancers solides (y compris les Sarcomes des Tissus Mous, les cancers de la Tête et du Cou, les cancers du Foie, les cancers de la Prostate, les cancers du Sein, le Glioblastome...) et cela par de multiples voies d'administration. NBTXR3 est actuellement testé au cours de plusieurs études cliniques chez des patients atteints de Sarcome des Tissus Mous, de cancers de la Tête et du Cou, de cancers de la Prostate, et de cancers du Foie (CHC et métastases hépatiques) et menés par PharmaEngine, partenaire de Nanobiotix en région Asie-Pacifique : cancers de la tête et du cou et du rectum. La Société a déposé en août 2016 le dossier de demande de marquage CE pour le produit NBTXR3. Nanobiotix est entrée en bourse en octobre 2012. La Société est cotée sur le marché réglementé d‘Euronext à Paris (Code ISIN: FR0011341205, code mnemonic Euronext: NANO, code Bloomberg: NANO:FP). Le siège social de la Société se situe à Paris, en France. La Société dispose d’une filiale à Cambridge, aux Etats-Unis. Avertissement Le présent communiqué contient des déclarations prospectives relatives à Nanobiotix et à ses activités. Nanobiotix estime que ces déclarations prospectives reposent sur des hypothèses raisonnables. Cependant, aucune garantie ne peut être donnée quant à la réalisation des prévisions exprimées dans ces déclarations prospectives qui sont soumises à des risques dont ceux décrits dans l’actualisation du document de référence de Nanobiotix déposé auprès de l’Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) le 27 décembre 2016 (numéro de dépôt D.16-0732-A01) et disponible sur le site internet de la Société (www.nanobiotix.com), et à l’évolution de la conjoncture économique, des marchés financiers et des marchés sur lesquels Nanobiotix est présente. Les déclarations prospectives figurant dans le présent communiqué sont également soumises à des risques inconnus de Nanobiotix ou que Nanobiotix ne considère pas comme significatifs à cette date. La réalisation de tout ou partie de ces risques pourrait conduire à ce que les résultats réels, conditions financières, performances ou réalisations de Nanobiotix diffèrent significativement des résultats, conditions financières, performances ou réalisations exprimés dans ces déclarations prospectives. Le présent communiqué et les informations qu’il contient ne constituent ni une offre de vente ou de souscription, ni la sollicitation d’un ordre d’achat ou de souscription des actions de Nanobiotix dans un quelconque pays. Au jour du présent communiqué, NBTXR3 ne possède pas le marquage CE et n’a pas encore l’autorisation d’être vendu sur le marché ou d’être utilisé avant l’obtention de ce marquage CE. Contacts Nanobiotix Sarah Gaubert, +33 (0)1 40 26 07 55 Directrice de la Communication et des Affaires Publiques sarah.gaubert@nanobiotix.com / contact@nanobiotix.com ou Noël Kurdi, +1 (646) 241-4400 Directeur des Relations Investisseurs noel.kurdi@nanobiotix.com / investors@nanobiotix.com ou Relations presse France - Springbok Consultants Marina Rosoff, +33 (0)6 71 58 00 34 marina@springbok.fr ou United States – RooneyPartners Marion Janic, +1 (212) 223-4017 mjanic@rooneyco.com Contacts Nanobiotix Sarah Gaubert, +33 (0)1 40 26 07 55 Directrice de la Communication et des Affaires Publiques sarah.gaubert@nanobiotix.com / contact@nanobiotix.com ou Noël Kurdi, +1 (646) 241-4400 Directeur des Relations Investisseurs noel.kurdi@nanobiotix.com / investors@nanobiotix.com ou Relations presse France - Springbok Consultants Marina Rosoff, +33 (0)6 71 58 00 34 marina@springbok.fr ou United States – RooneyPartners Marion Janic, +1 (212) 223-4017 mjanic@rooneyco.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Key to Understanding Millennials 'Nobody Makes Money Off That': What We Heard This Week iMedicalApps: VA App Pulls Data from Almost Anywhere Op-Ed: Neil Gorsuch and Assisted Suicide cme/ce Certolizumab Benefits Persist in RA LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Clinical Context cme/ce HPV-Based Cancer Screening: Facts, Fiction, Fears Journal addresses controversies, realities of cervical cancer screening MedpageToday savesaved register today Earn Free CME Credits by reading the latest medical news in your specialty.sign up by Charles Bankhead Charles Bankhead Senior Associate Editor, MedPage Today February 08, 2017 Action Points A consensus has emerged regarding the superiority of HPV DNA testing over Pap smear cytology as the primary approach to screening for cervical cancer but "optimal implementation" remains unsettled, the editor of a published series on the topic concluded. Note that two revisions of screening recommendations pushed the clinical practice pendulum toward longer intervals between screening although women and clinicians alike have yet to accept the newer recommendations. A consensus has emerged regarding the superiority of HPV DNA testing over Pap smear cytology as the primary approach to screening for cervical cancer but "optimal implementation" remains unsettled, the editor of a published series on the topic concluded. The facts supporting DNA testing "are beyond question," Mark Schiffman, MD, of the National Cancer Institute (NCI), said in an editorial accompanying nine other articles and commentaries in the current issue of Preventive Medicine. However, evaluation and debate continue over screening strategies to optimize the use of HPV testing. "Regardless of what prevention strategy is chosen, it should be scientifically and medically defensible," Schiffman wrote. "On the extremes, I would personally argue that continued dependence on VIA (visual inspection with acetic acid), or excessively frequent repetition of cytology and HPV co-testing, are not justified by the data. As different strategies are applied worldwide, the hope is that they will be translatable and represent different societal conclusions sharing a jointly understood scientific base." Other components of the series include reviews of the evidence, perspectives on how screening with HPV DNA testing might be implemented in various resource-defined settings, and a review of potential strategies to triage women who have positive tests. The journal editors explained the reasoning behind devoting much of an entire issue to a single topic. "Pap cytology has been a core technology in medicine and public health; that is, until it became patent that cervical cancer was the long-term consequence of a sexually transmitted infection," said Sandra D. Isidean, MD, and Gayle A. Shinder, PhD, both of McGill University in Montreal. "It has since become clear that testing for the causal agent, human papillomavirus, can bring substantial improvements and efficiency to cervical cancer screening." The transition from one technology to the other provided a rationale and served as the backdrop for the series of articles and commentaries, they added. Review of Evidence Joseph E. Tota, PhD, who has positions at McGill and NCI, and co-authors contributed an evidence-based review of HPV testing as the primary approach to cervical cancer screening. They acknowledged "overwhelming evidence from large-scale clinical trials, feasibility studies, and real-world experience" supporting the superiority of HPV testing over cervical cytology. Despite the scientific evidence, many questions about optimal use of the new technology remain unanswered, Tota and colleagues continued. These include the age at which screening should start, screening interval, and triage of patients who test positive. Noting that countries are in various stages of adopting HPV-based primary screening, the authors insisted that unanswered questions "should not be considered barriers to implementation." Authors of three articles addressed implementation of HPV-based screening in low-, lower-middle-, and upper-middle-income settings. Participants in an Italian consensus conference reviewed the evidence and rationale for recommending cervical cancer screening starting at age 30 for women who were vaccinated against HPV as adolescents, with rescreening every 5 years for women who test negative. Additionally, two specialists in women's health provide the U.S. perspective, focusing on the continual struggle to strike a balance between benefits and potential harms. Historically, many U.S. patients and their physicians have preferred annual cytology, either alone or, more recently, with HPV co-testing, said Walter K. Kinney, MD, of Permanente Medical Group in Sacramento, Calif., and Warner K. Huh, MD, of the University of Alabama at Birmingham. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommended annual screening in practice bulletins published in 1995 and 2003. Subsequently, two revisions of screening recommendations pushed the clinical practice pendulum toward longer intervals between screening. In 2004 an expert panel recommended co-testing at 3-year intervals. In 2012 another panel recommended cytology at 3-year intervals or co-testing every 5 years, which many patients and physicians considered unacceptable because "it embraced the potential compromise of cancer protection without directly admitting this potential outcome," said Kinney and Huh. Grudging Acceptance Women and clinicians alike have yet to accept the newer recommendations. "From the women's perspective, the new recommendations appear to decrease service for the purpose of saving money for insurers," said Kinney and Huh. "It is our impression that many U.S. women (and clinicians) reject the implicit claim that higher rates of colposcopy or even excision procedures of the cervix represent harms that can be balanced against prevention of invasive cancer." "We believe that patients reject the argument that resources saved by their accepting more preventable cancer can be better spent on other healthcare priorities and is often viewed as naive, paternalistic, and short sighted. We and they consider it more plausible that the savings generated by less screening and more cancer would be applied to other concerns that the patients do not share." Winning over the majority of U.S. patients and clinicians will require increased efficiency with no loss of the cancer protection afforded by annual cytology, Kinney and Huh concluded. Finally, a U.S. and a European clinician delved into the "facts, fiction, and misperceptions" surrounding HPV-based screening for cervical cancer and contributing to the varying approaches to incorporating HPV testing into cervical cancer screening. Several key questions remain unanswered: which HPV test to use; the most appropriate interval between tests; which test or tests to use in the triage of women who test positive for HPV. The ultimate solution -- and challenge -- is to integrate HPV vaccination and screening, "since increasingly vaccinated populations will have a continuous decrease of cervical cancer risk," concluded Nicolas Wentzensen, MD, PhD, of NCI, and Marc Arbyn, MD, of the Belgian Cancer Center in Brussels. Practice Evolution Two gynecologic oncologists not involved in the journal series said cervical cancer screening strategies -- and acceptance of HPV testing -- continue to evolve. "We are getting more accurate testing all the time, and in the next two decades, I believe we will have even more changes with more specific risk-identifying testing available," said Lois Ramondetta, MD, of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston. " Having said that, she added, "I believe that in the future we will go back to more frequent testing, due to the reasons cited by Kinney and Huh. I and my patients are uncomfortable with every-5-year testing, and most are willing to take on more invasive testing in order to have a lower risk of 'missing' anything." Patient and provider reservations changing approach to cervical cancer screening have a history, said Mark H. Einstein, MD, of Rutgers Cancer Institute of New Jersey in Newark. "Women who are perimenopausal or postmenopausal have been doing standard Pap tests for many years," Einstein told MedPage Today. "Pap tests are fantastic. They are at the basis of everything we have been doing for cervical cancer screening over the last 50 years. When a patient who has had a Pap every year for much of her life is told, 'You don't need one anymore. You need this different test,' she's going to have some reservations." At the same time, as the journal series indicated, HPV testing provides information about a woman's current cancer risk and her future risk, "which is very different from a Pap," he added. Clinicians also have become used to the Pap test as standard of care, Einstein continued. "It has become 'hard wired,' and it's going to take awhile, with education and flexibility, to adopt new ways of doing things into our practice," he said. "I anticipate that over time and with education, some of these barriers will be overcome." Huh disclosed relationships with InCellDx and Merck. Schiffman disclosed no relevant relationships with industry. Tota disclosed no relevant relationships with industry. One or more co-authors disclosed relationships with Roche Molecular Systems, Merck, Cepheid, Ventana/Roche, GlaxoSmithKline, Becton Dickinson, and Hologic. Wentzensen and Arbyn disclosed no relevant relationships with industry. Reviewed by Robert Jasmer, MD Associate Clinical Professor of Medicine, University of California, San Francisco and Dorothy Caputo, MA, BSN, RN, Nurse Planner This activity is part of our Clinical Context curriculum in Gynecologic Cancers 2017-02-08T18:26:52-0500 Primary Source Preventive Medicine Source Reference: Schiffman M "Cervical cancer screening: Epidemiology as the necessary but not sufficient basis of public health practice" Prev Med 2017; doi:10.1016/j.ypmed.2016.12.028. Secondary Source Preventive Medicine Source Reference: Kinney WK, Huh WK "Protection against cervical cancer versus decreasing harms from screening -- What would U.S. patients and clinicians prefer, and do their preferences matter?" Prev Med 2017; doi:10.1016/j.ypmed.2016.12.041. Additional Source Preventive Medicine Source Reference: Tota JE, et al "Introduction of molecular HPV testing as the primary technology in cervical cancer screening: Acting on evidence to change the current paradigm" Prev Med 2017; doi:10.1016/j.ypmed.2016.11.029. take posttest 0 comments More in Clinical Context HPV-Based Cancer Screening: Facts, Fiction, Fears Intentional Weight Loss May Lower Endometrial Ca Risk Ovarian Conservation May Boost Outcomes in Endometrial Ca Diabetes Tied to Greater Death Risk in China About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Press Release Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results and Highlights Recent Period Activity By Published: Feb 8, 2017 4:00 p.m. ET Share – Advanced Industry-Leading RNAi Therapeutics Pipeline with Eight Clinical Programs, Including Three Programs in Late-Stage Development; Discontinued Revusiran Development –– Maintained Strong Balance Sheet with $1.1 Billion in Cash and Expects to End 2017 with Greater than $700 Million in Cash – CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Feb 08, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ALNY, +1.36% the leading RNAi therapeutics company, today reported its consolidated financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2016, and highlighted recent progress in advancing its pipeline. “We continue to advance a broad pipeline of investigational RNAi therapeutics – including 8 programs in clinical development – across a wide range of disease indications with high unmet need. In the fourth quarter of 2016 and recent period, we reported positive clinical results with fitusiran for hemophilia, givosiran for porphyria, and ALN-CC5 for complement-mediated diseases. In addition, our partners at The Medicines Company, reported positive interim clinical data with inclisiran for hypercholesterolemia. On the other hand, we were disappointed to announce the discontinuation of our revusiran program due to safety findings, although our investigation to date indicates the findings are unique to this program and the clinical setting,” said John Maraganore, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of Alnylam. “2017 promises to be a pivotal year for Alnylam, with our first Phase 3 data read out – APOLLO for patisiran – and, if positive, our first NDA filing. In addition, we plan to advance three additional programs into Phase 3 trials. We believe all of these important milestones put us on track to meet our “Alnylam 2020” goals of becoming a multi-product, commercial-stage company with a deep and sustainable clinical development pipeline by the end of 2020.” Fourth Quarter 2016 and Recent Significant Corporate Highlights Advanced patisiran for the treatment of polyneuropathy due to hereditary ATTR (hATTR) amyloidosis, with APOLLO Phase 3 data expected in mid-2017. Announced decision to discontinue development of revusiran, an investigational RNAi therapeutic that was being developed for the treatment of cardiomyopathy due to hATTR amyloidosis. Advanced fitusiran for the treatment of hemophilia and rare bleeding disorders (RBD), with positive new data presented at the 2016 American Society of Hematology (ASH) meeting and additional data presented at the 2017 European Association for Haemophilia and Allied Disorders (EAHAD) meeting. Alnylam and partner Sanofi Genzyme announced that Sanofi Genzyme elected to exercise its right to co-develop and co-promote fitusiran with Alnylam in the United States, Canada and Western Europe. Sanofi Genzyme retains commercial rights for rest of world. Advanced givosiran (ALN-AS1) for the treatment of acute hepatic porphyrias with positive initial clinical activity results reported at the 2016 ASH meeting from Phase 1 study in acute intermittent porphyria (AIP) patients with recurring porphyria attacks. Alnylam and partner Sanofi Genzyme announced that Sanofi Genzyme has elected not to opt in to develop and commercialize givosiran, providing Alnylam with full global control of the program for further development and potential commercialization. Alnylam’s partner, The Medicines Company, announced positive results from the Day 90 interim analysis at the 2016 American Heart Association meeting and top-line Day 180 results for all 501 patients in the ongoing ORION-1 Phase 2 study of inclisiran (also known as ALN-PCSsc and PCSK9si), an investigational RNAi therapeutic for the treatment of hypercholesterolemia. The Medicines Company initiated the ORION-2 study of inclisiran in patients with Homozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia (HoFH) as well as the ORION-3 study, a Phase 2 open-label cross-over extension study for patients completing the ORION-1 study. Reported updated clinical results at the 2016 ASH meeting from Phase 1/2 study of ALN-CC5 in patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH). Alnylam and partner Sanofi Genzyme announced that Sanofi Genzyme has elected not to opt in to develop and commercialize ALN-CC5, providing Alnylam with full global control of the program for further development and potential commercialization. Reported positive initial clinical results from Phase 1 study of ALN-TTRsc02, an ESC-GalNAc conjugate targeting TTR for hATTR amyloidosis. Upcoming Events in Early and Mid-2017 Alnylam announces today that it plans to present complete 24-month data and additional analyses from the Phase 2 OLE study of patisiran at the American Academy of Neurology (AAN) 69 [th] Annual Meeting, being held April 22 – 28, 2017 in Boston, Massachusetts, in an oral presentation on Wednesday, April 26 at 8:24 am ET. In addition, The Medicines Company plans to present full safety and efficacy data from the ORION-1 Phase 2 study of inclisiran, with six- to nine-month follow-up for all patients in the study, at the American College of Cardiology’s 66 [th]  Annual Scientific Session, to be held March 17 – 19, 2017, in Washington, D.C., in a late-breaker oral presentation on Friday, March 17, at 1:30 pm ET. Also in early 2017, Alnylam plans to initiate the ATLAS Phase 3 program for fitusiran. In mid-2017, Alnylam plans to: Report top-line results from the APOLLO Phase 3 study of patisiran; Present additional data from the Phase 2 OLE study of fitusiran, likely at the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis (ISTH) 2017 Congress, being held July 8 – 13, 2017, in Berlin, Germany; Present additional data from Part C of the Phase 1 study of givosiran, likely at the 2017 International Congress of Porphyrins and Porphyrias (ICPP), being held June 25 – 28, 2017, in Bordeaux, France; and, The Medicines Company plans to initiate the Phase 3 program for inclisiran. Financials “Alnylam continues to maintain a strong balance sheet, ending 2016 with approximately $1.1 billion in cash, including restricted investments,” said Michael Mason, Vice President, Finance and Treasurer. “Our financial strength allows us to continue to invest in a broad pipeline of investigational RNAi therapeutics, aligned with achievement of our ‘Alnylam 2020’ goals. As for 2017 guidance, we expect to end 2017 with greater than $700 million in cash, including $150.0 million in restricted investments.” Cash and Investments At December 31, 2016, Alnylam had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, and restricted investments of $1.09 billion, as compared to cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $1.28 billion at December 31, 2015. GAAP Net Loss The net loss according to accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (GAAP) for the fourth quarter of 2016 was $112.9 million, or $1.32 per share on both a basic and diluted basis (including $20.7 million, or $0.24 per share of non-cash stock-based compensation expense), as compared to a net loss of $90.7 million, or $1.07 per share on both a basic and diluted basis (including $15.5 million, or $0.18 per share of non-cash stock-based compensation expense), for the same period in the previous year. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the net loss was $410.1 million, or $4.79 per share on both a basic and diluted basis (including $75.5 million, or $0.88 per share of non-cash stock-based compensation expense), as compared to a net loss of $290.1 million, or $3.45 per share on both a basic and diluted basis (including $45.8 million, or $0.55 per share of non-cash stock-based compensation expense), for prior year. Revenues Revenues were $17.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, as compared to $7.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. Revenues for the fourth quarter of 2016 included $14.8 million from the company’s alliance with Sanofi Genzyme, $2.6 million from the company’s alliance with The Medicines Company, and $0.1 million from other sources. Revenues were $47.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, as compared to $41.1 million for the prior year. Revenues for year ended December 31, 2016 included $32.0 million from the company’s alliance with Sanofi Genzyme, $11.2 million from the company’s alliance with The Medicines Company, and $4.0 million from other sources. The increase in revenues in the quarter and year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the prior year periods was due primarily to higher revenue from the company’s agreement with Sanofi Genzyme. Research and Development Expenses Research and development (R&D) expenses were $105.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, which included $10.0 million of non-cash stock-based compensation, as compared to $82.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, which included $9.3 million of non-cash stock-based compensation. R&D expenses were $382.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, which included $42.9 million of non-cash stock-based compensation, as compared to $276.5 million for the prior year, which included $27.1 million of non-cash stock-based compensation. The increase in R&D expenses for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the prior year periods was due primarily to additional clinical trial and manufacturing and external services expenses resulting from the advancement of the company’s Genetic Medicine pipeline. In addition, compensation and related expenses and non-cash stock-based compensation expenses increased during the quarter and year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the prior year periods as a result of an increase in headcount during the period as the company expands its pipeline into later-stage development. General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative (G&A) expenses were $27.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, which included $10.7 million of non-cash stock-based compensation, as compared to $17.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, which included $6.3 million of non-cash stock-based compensation. General and administrative (G&A) expenses were $89.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, which included $32.6 million of non-cash stock-based compensation, as compared to $60.6 million for the prior year, which included $18.7 million of non-cash stock-based compensation. The increase in G&A expenses for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the prior year periods was due primarily to an increase in compensation and related expenses and non-cash stock-based compensation expenses. In addition, consulting and professional services expense increased during the quarter and year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the prior year periods as a result of increased general business activities. 2017 Financial Guidance Alnylam expects that its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, and restricted investments balance will be greater than $700 million at December 31, 2017. Conference Call Information Management will provide an update on the company, discuss fourth quarter 2016 results, and discuss expectations for the future via conference call on Wednesday, February 8, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET. To access the call, please dial 877-312-7507 (domestic) or 631-813-4828 (international) five minutes prior to the start time and refer to conference ID 57758793. A replay of the call will be available beginning at 7:30 p.m. ET on February 8, 2017. To access the replay, please dial 855-859-2056 (domestic) or 404-537-3406 (international), and refer to conference 57758793. Sanofi Genzyme Alliance In January 2014, Alnylam and Sanofi Genzyme, the specialty care global business unit of Sanofi, formed an alliance to accelerate and expand the development and commercialization of RNAi therapeutics across the world. The alliance is structured as a multi-product geographic alliance in the field of rare diseases. Alnylam retains product rights in the United States, Canada and Western Europe, while Sanofi Genzyme obtained the right to access certain programs in Alnylam's current and future Genetic Medicines pipeline in the rest of the world (ROW) through the end of 2019, together with certain broader co-development/co-commercialization rights and global rights for certain products. In the case of patisiran, Alnylam will advance the product in the United States, Canada and Western Europe, while Sanofi Genzyme will advance the product in the ROW. In the case of fitusiran, Sanofi Genzyme has elected to opt in to co-develop (through Sanofi R&D) and co-commercialize fitusiran in the United States, Canada and Western Europe, in addition to developing and commercializing fitusiran in its ROW territories. About RNAi RNAi (RNA interference) is a revolution in biology, representing a breakthrough in understanding how genes are turned on and off in cells, and a completely new approach to drug discovery and development. Its discovery has been heralded as “a major scientific breakthrough that happens once every decade or so,” and represents one of the most promising and rapidly advancing frontiers in biology and drug discovery today which was awarded the 2006 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. RNAi is a natural process of gene silencing that occurs in organisms ranging from plants to mammals. By harnessing the natural biological process of RNAi occurring in our cells, the creation of a major new class of medicines, known as RNAi therapeutics, is on the horizon. Small interfering RNA (siRNA), the molecules that mediate RNAi and comprise Alnylam's RNAi therapeutic platform, target the cause of diseases by potently silencing specific mRNAs, thereby preventing disease-causing proteins from being made. RNAi therapeutics have the potential to treat disease and help patients in a fundamentally new way. About LNP Technology Alnylam has licenses to Arbutus LNP intellectual property for use in RNAi therapeutic products using LNP technology. About Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Alnylam is a biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics based on RNA interference, or RNAi. The company is leading the translation of RNAi as a new class of innovative medicines. Alnylam's pipeline of investigational RNAi therapeutics is focused in 3 Strategic Therapeutic Areas (STArs): Genetic Medicines, with a broad pipeline of RNAi therapeutics for the treatment of rare diseases; Cardio-Metabolic Disease, with a pipeline of RNAi therapeutics toward genetically validated, liver-expressed disease targets for unmet needs in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases; and Hepatic Infectious Disease, with a pipeline of RNAi therapeutics that address the major global health challenges of hepatic infectious diseases. In early 2015, Alnylam launched its "Alnylam 2020" guidance for the advancement and commercialization of RNAi therapeutics as a whole new class of innovative medicines. Specifically, by the end of 2020, Alnylam expects to achieve a company profile with 3 marketed products, 10 RNAi therapeutic clinical programs - including 4 in late stages of development - across its 3 STArs. The company's demonstrated commitment to RNAi therapeutics has enabled it to form major alliances with leading companies including Ionis, Novartis, Roche, Takeda, Merck, Monsanto, The Medicines Company, and Sanofi Genzyme. In addition, Alnylam holds an equity position in Regulus Therapeutics Inc., a company focused on discovery, development, and commercialization of microRNA therapeutics. Alnylam scientists and collaborators have published their research on RNAi therapeutics in over 200 peer-reviewed papers, including many in the world's top scientific journals such as Nature, Nature Medicine, Nature Biotechnology, Cell, New England Journal of Medicine, and The Lancet. Founded in 2002, Alnylam maintains headquarters in Cambridge, Massachusetts. For more information about Alnylam's pipeline of investigational RNAi therapeutics, please visit www.alnylam.com. Alnylam Forward-Looking Statements Various statements in this release concerning Alnylam's future expectations, plans and prospects, including without limitation, Alnylam's views with respect to the potential for RNAi therapeutics, including patisiran, fitusiran, givosiran, inclisiran, and ALN-TTRsc02, its expectations regarding the timing of clinical studies and the presentation of clinical data, including for studies for patisiran, fitusiran, givosiran, and inclisiran, its expectations regarding the ongoing, comprehensive evaluation of the revusiran safety findings and any indications or tentative conclusions based on the evaluation to date, its expected cash position as of December 31, 2017, its expectations regarding its STAr pipeline growth strategy, its “Alnylam 2020” guidance for the advancement and commercialization of RNAi therapeutics, and its plans regarding the pursuit of pre-clinical programs and commercialization of RNAi therapeutics, constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the safe harbor provisions under The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results and future plans may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important risks, uncertainties and other factors, including, without limitation, Alnylam's ability to discover and develop novel drug candidates and delivery approaches, successfully demonstrate the efficacy and safety of its product candidates, the pre-clinical and clinical results for its product candidates, which may not be replicated or continue to occur in other subjects or in additional studies or otherwise support further development of product candidates for a specified indication or at all, actions or advice of regulatory agencies, which may affect the design, initiation, timing, continuation and/or progress of clinical trials or result in the need for additional pre-clinical and/or clinical testing, delays, interruptions or failures in the manufacture and supply of our product candidates, obtaining, maintaining and protecting intellectual property, Alnylam's ability to enforce its intellectual property rights against third parties and defend its patent portfolio against challenges from third parties, obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval, pricing and reimbursement for products, progress in establishing a commercial and ex-United States infrastructure, competition from others using technology similar to Alnylam's and others developing products for similar uses, Alnylam's ability to manage its growth and operating expenses, obtain additional funding to support its business activities, and establish and maintain strategic business alliances and new business initiatives, Alnylam's dependence on third parties for development, manufacture and distribution of products, the outcome of litigation, the risk of government investigations, and unexpected expenditures, as well as those risks more fully discussed in the "Risk Factors" filed with Alnylam's most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in other filings that Alnylam makes with the SEC. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent Alnylam's views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date. Alnylam explicitly disclaims any obligation, except to the extent required by law, to update any forward-looking statements. The scientific information discussed in this news release relating to Alnylam’s investigational therapeutics is preliminary and investigative. None of Alnylam’s investigational therapeutics have been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, European Medicines Agency, or any other regulatory authority and no conclusions can or should be drawn regarding the safety or effectiveness of these therapeutics.                 ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (In thousands, except per share amounts)   Three Months Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2016     2015 2016       2015     Net revenues from collaborators $ 17,454   $ 7,551   $ 47,159   $ 41,097     Operating expenses: Research and development 105,011 82,835 382,392 276,495 General and administrative   27,876     17,228     89,354     60,610   Total operating expenses   132,887     100,063     471,746     337,105   Loss from operations   (115,433 )   (92,512 )   (424,587 )   (296,008 ) Other income: Interest income 2,199 1,616 8,308 5,859 Other income   300     175     6,171     76   Total other income   2,499     1,791     14,479     5,935   Net loss $ (112,934 ) $ (90,721 ) $ (410,108 ) $ (290,073 ) Net loss per common share - basic and diluted $ (1.32 ) $ (1.07 ) $ (4.79 ) $ (3.45 ) Weighted-average common shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per common share   85,843     84,871     85,596     83,992     Comprehensive loss: Net loss $ (112,934 ) $ (90,721 ) $ (410,108 ) $ (290,073 ) Unrealized (loss) gain on marketable securities, net of tax (5,502 ) 11,588 (30,833 ) (44,394 ) Reclassification adjustment for realized gain on marketable securities included in net loss   (161 )   —     (6,977 )   —   Comprehensive loss $ (118,597 ) $ (79,133 ) $ (447,918 ) $ (334,467 )             ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except share amounts)                 December 31, December 31,         2016     2015 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 942,601 $ 1,280,951 Restricted investments 150,000 — Billed and unbilled collaboration receivables 23,334 8,298 Prepaid expenses and other assets 23,306 18,030 Property and equipment, net 114,572 27,812 Investment in equity securities of Regulus Therapeutics Inc.         8,997       51,419 Total assets       $ 1,262,810     $ 1,386,510 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities $ 99,650 $ 46,886 Total deferred revenue 82,932 68,317 Total deferred rent 10,007 6,593 Long-term debt 150,000 — Total stockholders’ equity (85.9 million and 85.1 million common shares issued and outstanding and at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively)         920,221       1,264,714 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity       $ 1,262,810     $ 1,386,510 This selected financial information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Alnylam’s Annual Report on Form 10-K which includes the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170208006129/en/ SOURCE: Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Investors and Media: Christine Regan Lindenboom, 617-682-4340 or Investors: Josh Brodsky, 617-551-8276 Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References ALNY +0.61 +1.36% Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ALNY $45.57 +0.61 (+1.36%) Volume 618.4K Open $45.00 High $46.20 Low $44.56 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.9B LatestNews
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Cramer: Allergan Is the New Pharma Growth Stock Jim Cramer compares Allergan's growth to other pharma stocks. Jim Cramer Rhonda Schaffler Feb 8, 2017 11:24 AM EST Jim Cramer declared Allergan (AGN) , not Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY)  , the new pharma growth stock. Cramer listed companies that are also lagging behind Allergan, like Merck (MRK) , Pfizer (PFE) , Glaxo Smithkline (GLAXF) and AstraZeneca (AZN) . Cramer went on to say that Eli Lily (LLY) comes close, but remarked that Celgene (CELG) and Biogen (BIIB) haven't grown as fast as Allergan. Allergan is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio . Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells AGN? Learn more now. If you liked this article you might like Why Dump Good Stocks?; Gamers, Oil and Industrials Take a Ride: Jim Cramer's Best Blog Jim Cramer ponders what makes people dump good stocks and discusses the ride gamers, oil and industrials took. Jim Cramer Feb 10, 2017 9:00 PM EST Cramer: Why Are People Dumping Such Good Stocks? Amazon, J&J, IBM and others don't deserve this treatment. Jim Cramer Feb 10, 2017 2:30 PM EST Bonds Call the Tune Today, Not Stocks: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Thursday 2/9/17) When bond yields rise, the economy roars and it's game on for industrials, banks and retailers, says Jim Cramer. Scott Rutt Feb 10, 2017 6:06 AM EST Cramer: Here's the Reason for Allergan's Remarkable Run Static doesn't work in this industry. Pipelines work. Jim Cramer Feb 9, 2017 12:45 PM EST Trending 10 Vehicles with the Best Resale Value in 2017 Airline Pilots to Trump: You Promised to Save American Jobs, Now Here's Your Chance Get a First Look at the Dodge Demon -- It Will Probably Be the Fastest Muscle Car Ever at Over 900hp Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Pakistan Today 15 New Articles today February 11, 2017 7 Pakistani fishermen jailed in Yemen for 10 years return home Syrian Arab women battle IS, social stigma IS executes five Egyptians accused of aiding army Sartaj Aziz stresses security of sea-routes for trade Shia LeBeouf’s anti-Trump exhibit shuttered over safety concerns Fresh whale stranding on notorious New Zealand beach KFC launches mashup of pizza, fried chicken ‘Chizza’ for foodies Is Lady Gaga dating her agent? Sharjeel Khan allegedly received Rs 2 million for stopping two balls Hrithik trolls Tommy Hilfiger on Twitter Mohammad Irfan not facing immediate suspension: PSL Chairman PSL fixing scandal investigation expands, 10 more players being investigated PSL fixing scandal: Imran Khan slams PSL chairman, calls him ‘election fixer’ Chinese soldier Wang Qi to visit home after 50 years in India Streaming revolution takes over Grammys DW Focus Headlines City Karachi Lahore Islamabad National Business Foreign Entertainment Sports Comment Editorials Columns Whites lies Cartoons Editor’s mail E-Paper Lahore Karachi Islamabad Paperazzi DNA Features Trending 7 Pakistani fishermen jailed in Yemen for 10 years return home - 5 mins ago Syrian Arab women battle IS, social stigma - 8 mins ago IS executes five Egyptians accused of aiding army - 24 mins ago Sartaj Aziz stresses security of sea-routes for trade - 31 mins ago Shia LeBeouf’s anti-Trump exhibit shuttered over safety concerns - 35 mins ago How Farah Khan became a mum at 43 Arts / EntertainmentFebruary 8, 2017 BY Agencies Director-choreographer Farah Khan has encouraged couples who cannot conceive to go for specialised treatment, revealing that she herself underwent InVitro Fertilisation (IVF) which proved to be a blessing for her. Farah – who is married to Shirish Kunder – said they made many failed attempts of trying to have a baby naturally for two years, before opting for IVF. Now they are parents to triplets – one son and two daughters. “IVF is a blessing and I am really thankful as it has changed my life. A lot of factors today make it difficult for some couples to conceive, but we have solutions in the form of treatments. And I strongly believe in IVF…it has helped me conceive my angels,” said Farah. “Being persistent, positive and patient towards the procedure paid off. And if IVF can change my life, it could change yours too, ” added the star, who became a mother at the age of 43. The 52-year-old – in association with Merck, pioneers in the treatment of infertility – recently released a video for the cause. It features a personal memoir of Farah’s journey to parenthood. In the video, the filmmaker shares a vivid recollection of her fears, challenges, doubts and ultimately, her story of hope, belief and positivity towards IVF. Merck released it as part of their ‘Parents of Fertility’ awareness initiative that helps and supports couples in India through the journey of parenthood.     Share this on WhatsApp Headlines 7 Pakistani fishermen jailed in Yemen for 10 years return home Syrian Arab women battle IS, social stigma IS executes five Egyptians accused of aiding army Sartaj Aziz stresses security of sea-routes for trade Shia LeBeouf’s anti-Trump exhibit shuttered over safety concerns Fresh whale stranding on notorious New Zealand beach KFC launches mashup of pizza, fried chicken ‘Chizza’ for foodies Is Lady Gaga dating her agent? Sharjeel Khan allegedly received Rs 2 million for stopping two balls Hrithik trolls Tommy Hilfiger on Twitter Tags China Court Cricket Ecp Gilani Government Govt Health Imran Khan India Iran Islamabad Karachi Killed Lahore Lhc Mqm Musharraf Nab Nato Nawaz Nawaz Sharif New Obama Pakistan Pcb PM PML-N Police Power Ppp Protest Pti Punjab Russia Sc Security Sindh Syria Taliban Terrorism Un US Violence Zardari Pakistan Today Arts / Entertainment How Farah Khan became a mum at 43 Site index Pages Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Apps Android iPhone 4 iPhone 5 iPad BlackBerry Social Twitter Facebook Google+ "Dedicated to the legacy of the late Hameed Nizami" Arif Nizami (Editor) 4-Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, Lahore Ph: +92 42 36375963-5 Fax: 042-36298302 Ph: +92 51 2287273 Islamabad, Ph: +92 21 35381208-9 Karachi Email: editorial@pakistantoday.com.pk Powered by: Mindblaze Technologies High Performance Product Development Top
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Canadian News   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Gainers & Losers Of The Day: EYES, SGNL, NEOT, DMTX, MBRX... 2/7/2017 11:42 PM ET The following are some of the biotech stocks that made their way onto the Day's Gainers & Losers' list of February 7, 2017. GAINERS 1. Second Sight Medical Products Inc. (EYES) Gained 78.06% to close Tuesday's (Feb.7th) trading at $2.76. In after-hours, the stock was down over 11%. News: The company has set February 10, 2017 as the record date for its rights offering. Non-transferable subscription rights to purchase units, composed of a share of Second Sight common stock and a five-year warrant to purchase an additional share of common stock, will be issued in the offering. Each right will entitle the holder to invest $0.47 toward the purchase of units, each such unit, composed of one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase common stock, at a subscription price that is the lesser of $2.00 or the closing price per share of the common stock on Nasdaq on March 6, 2017, the close of the subscription period. Near- term catalyst: The first human implant of the Orion I Visual Cortical Prosthesis will be performed in the first half of this year. Orion I is an investigational device for restoring some vision to individuals who are blind due to causes other than preventable or treatable conditions. Anticipated event: Q4 and full-year 2016 financial results to be reported on March 1, 2017. 2. PharmAthene Inc. (PIP) Gained 35.64% to close Tuesday's trading at $1.37. News: No news Recent event: A special one-time cash dividend of $2.91 per share of common stock was payable on February 3, 2017 to holders of record as of January 24, 2017. Last month, PharmAthene and privately-held immunotherapeutics company Altimmune Inc., signed an agreement to merge in an all-stock transaction. The combined company, which will operate as a public company under the name Altimmune, is expected to trade on the NYSE MKT under the ticker symbol ALT. The merger is subject to the approval of PharmAthene and Altimmune shareholders. 3. MYOS RENS Technology Inc. (MYOS) Gained 30.75% to close Tuesday's trading at $4.72. News: No news Recent events: A registered direct offering, announced on February 3, 2017, wherein the company agreed to sell 500,000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor at a per share price of $4.25, is expected to take place on or about February 8, 2017. MYOS RENS is the developer of muscle-health ingredient Fortetropin, the first clinically-proven, all natural myostatin-reducing agent. Fortetropin is the active ingredient in Re Muscle Health, a line of non-GMO protein bars, shakes, pudding mixes and powders that was launched in March 2015. 4. Signal Genetics Inc. (SGNL) Gained 26.07% to close Tuesday's trading at $13.30. News: No news Anticipated event: Last October, Signal Genetics and privately-held Miragen Therapeutics Inc. agreed to merge to create a clinical-stage, NASDAQ-listed, biopharmaceutical company developing proprietary micro RNA-targeted therapeutics. The combined company will change its name to Miragen Therapeutics Inc., and ticker to MRGN. A special meeting of Signal stockholders related to the proposed merger with Miragen is scheduled for February 10, 2017. The proposed merger is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017. Signal implemented a 1-for-15 reverse stock split of its common stock on November 7, 2016. 5. Esperion Therapeutics Inc. (ESPR) Gained 14.04% to close Tuesday's trading at $20.14. News: No news Esperion's shares have been on the rise ever since Amgen Inc. (AMGN) announced on February 3rd, 2017 that its cholesterol lowering approved drug Repatha met the primary and secondary key endpoints in a landmark cardiovascular outcomes study, dubbed FOURIER. Esperion is also developing a cholesterol lowering drug, which goes by the name Bempedoic acid. Bempedoic acid is an inhibitor of ATP Citrate Lyase, and is under phase III testing. A global cardiovascular outcomes trial for Bempedoic acid, known as CLEAR Outcomes CVOT, was initiated by the company as recently as last month. The top line results from one of the phase III studies of Bempedoic acid are expected by Q2 2018. 6. Neothetics Inc. (NEOT) Gained 11.76% to close Tuesday's trading at $1.90. The stock has gained more than 31% in the last 5 trading days. News: No news Near-term catalyst: A phase II proof of concept trial of LIPO-202 for the reduction of submental subcutaneous fat is underway. Top-line data from this trial are expected in late second quarter 2017. 7. Galectin Therapeutics Inc. (GALT) Gained 10.43% to close Tuesday's trading at $1.27. News: The company made a presentation at GTCBio 9th Immunotherapeutics & Immunomonitoring Conference on February 7, 2017. The company revealed that its key drug candidate GR-MD-02 plus immunotherapy augments augments antitumor immunity as can be seen by reduced metastases, increased tumor regression and improved survival. A phase Ib trial of Galectin's GR-MD-02 in combination with Merck's (MRK) Keytruda in patients with advanced refractory metastatic melanoma and a phase Ib study of GR-MD-02 in combination with Bristol-Myers Squibb's (BMY) Yervoy in patients with malignant melanoma are underway. Near-term catalyst: GR-MD-02 is also being explored in other indications like non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) with advanced fibrosis and severe skin disease, including moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and severe atopic dermatitis. The company remains on track to present top line data from its phase II trial of GR-MD-02 in patients with NASH cirrhosis, dubbed NASH-CX, by early December 2017. 8. Argos Therapeutics Inc. (ARGS) Gained 10.23% to close Tuesday's trading at $4.85. News: No news Near-term catalyst: An independent Data Monitoring Committee to review ADAPT, the company's phase III trial comparing ROCAPULDENCEL-T in combination with Pfizer's kidney-cancer drug Sutent against Sutent alone for the treatment of newly diagnosed patients with advanced renal cell cancer is expected to occur this month. 9. Orexigen Therapeutics Inc. (OREX) Gained 9.31% to close Tuesday's trading at $4.58. News: No news Anticipated event: The company will be presenting at two upcoming investor conferences. - BIO CEO & Investor Conference on February 14, 2017 - Leerink Partners Global Healthcare Conference on February 16, 2017. LOSERS 1. Dimension Therapeutics (DMTX) Lost 13.16% to close Tuesday's trading at $1.65. The stock has lost over 62% in the last 5 trading days. News: No news Recent event: On January 31, 2017, the company reported interim top-line results from an ongoing phase I/II trial of DTX101 for the treatment of adult patients with moderate/severe to severe hemophilia B announced. Hemophilia B is a rare genetic bleeding disorder resulting from a deficiency in FIX. Although all patients treated with DTX101 improved from moderate/severe-to-severe to either moderate or mild range in terms of factor levels based on World Federation of Hemophilia, asymptomatic elevations of alanine aminotransferase (ALT) were observed in 5 of 6 patients. One of the patients experienced a grade 4 adverse event due to an elevated ALT. Elevated level of ALT is an indicator of liver damage. 2. Moleculin Biotech Inc. (MBRX) Lost 10% to close Tuesday's trading at $1.80. News: No news Near-term catalyst: Report data from phase II trial evaluating Annamycin as a potential treatment for relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia by the second half of 2017. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Clarity on Macro Theme Sought From Week’s Data Assortment – Economic Preview for Week of Feb. 13 America's largest private sector employers Cheaters, Busted:The Worst Embezzlement Cases in History Previous Story Canadian News Company Spotlight: Signal Genetics AGTC On Watch, It's Advantage REGN, No Need For FDA Panel Review For Betrixaban Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ATOS, APOP, TSRO, GALE, ACUR... FLXN Gets FDA Date, KTOV In Crosshairs, It's A Thumbs Up For AMGN ADHD Abuzz, All Clear For GALE's NeuVax, FDA Lifts Clinical Hold On DCVax-L Gainers & Losers Of The Day: PULM, AQB, GALE, PETX, KTOV... Neos Therapeutics Prices Public Offering At $5/Shr ESPR, MDCO Riding High, New Uses For MRK's Old Drug, DBVT In Full Smile(e) 8 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Qatar Airways Drops Plans For Saudi Subsidiary Al Maha Netflix Show 'Dear White People' Prompts Calls For Boycott Domino's Pizza Really Has A Wedding Registry Reckitt Benckiser FY16 Profit Climbs; To Acquire Mead Johnson For $16.6 Bln Cash ArcelorMittal Turns To Profit; Sees Higher Steel Demand In US, Brazil; Stock Up News Corp. Posts Q2 Loss - Update Twitter Q4 Adj. Profit Beats Estimates, But Revenues Miss Coca-Cola Q4 Profit Matches Estimates; FY17 Comparable EPS To Decline 1-4% Thyssenkrupp Turns To Profit In Q1; Backs FY17 Earnings View; Stock Dips Commerzbank Stock Dips On Weak Q4 Profit, Revenues Up 5-hour Energy Pays $4.3 Million For False Advertising Whole Foods Market Results Miss Street, Lowers FY View FLXN Gets FDA Date, KTOV In Crosshairs, It's A Thumbs Up For AMGN Gainers & Losers Of The Day: PULM, AQB, GALE, PETX, KTOV... Gainers & Losers Of The Day: EYES, SGNL, NEOT, DMTX, MBRX... ADHD Abuzz, All Clear For GALE's NeuVax, FDA Lifts Clinical Hold On DCVax-L Toyota 9-Month Profit Down, Vehicle Sales Up; Lifts FY17 Forecast - Quick Facts Company Spotlight: Signal Genetics ESPR, MDCO Riding High, New Uses For MRK's Old Drug, DBVT In Full Smile(e) A.P. Moller-Maersk Posts Loss In FY16; Revenue Down 12% - Quick Facts Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ATOS, APOP, TSRO, GALE, ACUR... Nissan Altima Recalled For Door Wiring Problem AGTC On Watch, It's Advantage REGN, No Need For FDA Panel Review For Betrixaban Netflix Show 'Dear White People' Prompts Calls For Boycott Europe Struggling With Produce Shortage A.P. Moller-Maersk Posts Loss In FY16; Revenue Down 12% - Quick Facts Vestas Wind Systems Q4 Pre-tax Profit Rises TTM Technologies Q4 Profit Advances 90% National Australia Bank Posts Q1 Profit Of A$1.6 Bln ESPR, MDCO Riding High, New Uses For MRK's Old Drug, DBVT In Full Smile(e) Anova Agrees To Be Bought By Electrolux - Quick Facts Genpact To Buy Item Processing Assets Of Fiserv Australia; Terms Undisclosed Genmab Lifts FY16 View For Revenue, Operating Income - Quick Facts Ryanair Q3 Profit Down; Backs FY Profit Guidance TIM Group Q4 EBITDA Increases; Revenues Up 0.8% In Organic Terms Suzuki Motor 9-month Profit Rises; Backs FY Outlook Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Gilead Plunges as Its Biggest Drug Blockbusters are Fading Fast by Caroline Chen @CAROLINEYLCHEN More stories by Caroline Chen February 7, 2017, 4:20 PM EST February 8, 2017, 9:45 AM EST Stock down 9.6 percent Wednesday, biggest drop since 2015 Company expects fewer patients, shorter time on hep C drugs Gilead Sciences Inc. shares fell to their lowest level since 2014 on Wednesday after the drugmaker said its massive hepatitis C franchise is fading fast with fewer patients left to treat and increased price competition. Revenue from the company’s drugs for the viral infection will be $7.5 billion to $9 billion in 2017, Gilead said in a statement Tuesday. That’s far below the $11.6 billion analysts had projected, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The company sells three main hepatitis C treatments -- Sovaldi, Harvoni and Epclusa. The shares plunged 9.6 percent to $66.10 at 9:36 a.m. in New York, the biggest intraday decline since August 2015 and the lowest intraday price since April 2014. “This is a challenging situation,” Chief Executive Officer John Milligan said on a conference call with analysts Tuesday. The hepatitis C market is “declining faster this year than we would have predicted last year.” The hepatitis C pills -- which have cut treatment times and side effects compared to older medicines -- were the biggest drug launch of all time, and are still massive products for the Foster City, California, company. But competitors Merck & Co. and AbbVie Inc. have cut into Gilead’s market share, forcing prices down, and the bulk of the easiest-to-find patients may already have been treated, meaning that sales are expected to continue to decline. The average U.S. price of a one-month supply of Harvoni after discounts and rebates was less than $15,000 in 2016, Milligan said. For patients taking three months of treatment, that would be more than 52 percent off the list price of $94,500. Shorter Treatments Competition and shorter treatment duration for patients will reduce sales this year by $1.9 billion to $2.5 billion, compared to a year earlier, while fewer new patients starting on the drugs meant $2.9 billion to $3.8 billion less in 2017 sales, Gilead said in a presentation released along with the projections. Read More: How Gilead is Looking for New Hepatitis C Patients With an Army Vet While investors fret over what will replace the hepatitis C drugs, Gilead has said it wants to use acquisitions to fill its product pipeline. Yet it announced no new major deals, and instead increased its dividend by more than 10 percent. CEO Milligan acknowledged that it would be “challenging to grow without some sort of acquisition” outside of the HIV franchise, and Chief Financial Officer Robin Washington said the company will focus on pursuing external opportunities in the coming year. Fourth-quarter earnings, excluding one-time items, were $2.70 a share, beating analysts’ estimates of $2.61. Net income fell 34 percent to $3.11 billion, or $2.34 a share. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Victor Anderson, dancer and educator, dies Daly City man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Powerful quake kills at least 6 in southern Philippines Poland's PM suffered "nothing serious" in car crash Indonesians at mass prayers urged to vote for Muslims More whales strand in New Zealand, bringing total to 650 Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors’ Andre Iguodala a driving force on star-studded team Raiders give Jack Del Rio 4-year contract Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis No. 20 St. Mary’s withstands scare from Portland Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Tesla readies Fremont factory for Model 3 production Cosmetology schools sue Betsy DeVos over Obama-era rules Tesla employee’s protest is a clash between Silicon Valley, Twitter’s reach doesn’t translate to revenue A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Battle of Bands, and IPAs, at SF Beer Week The latest from Dear Abby Everything is still cool with ‘The Lego Batman Movie’ Balboa Theatre revives nostalgic Saturday matinees Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Equator Coffee headed to Fort Mason San Francisco restaurants where you can still get a Valentine's Iza Ramen’s new SoMa outpost opens Friday Chef Teague Moriarty takes over as sole owner of Sons & Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Interim chief gets permanent post with California Coastal Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100 Tiburon bayfront home a homage to Japanese architecture Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: Hotel Sutter, Sutter Creek Drinking in history at Amador County taverns Insider: Berkeley transplant puts down roots in Sutter Creek Ethical destinations: How to have a good trip Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Normandy style splendor in Pacific Heights: $8.25M Cupertino Spanish Mediterranean warms and welcomes Unique 10,000-square-foot Hillsborough Georgian built in 1896 A deal? 40 acres (and a house) for $1.295 million in Carmel Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car U.S. News names the 'Best Cars for the Money' in 2017 Porsche’s entry level SUV ideally done Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Avoid an interview disaster Is your birth order influencing your career? Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Pharma-companies-consider-discounts-if-drugs-10915862.php Pharma companies consider discounts if drugs don’t work By Jared S. Hopkins, Robert Langreth and James Paton Published 4:50 pm, Tuesday, February 7, 2017 President Trump says drug prices are astronomical and something needs to be done. Pharmaceutical giants have an answer that doesn’t involve lowering list prices: refunding some of the money to insurers if a drug doesn’t work as expected. The concept of pay-for-performance isn’t new in the industry. But the number of such agreements between drugmakers and insurers has grown in the past year as Big Pharma seeks to defuse criticism over the soaring prices of some brand drugs, which can cost $10,000 a month or more for cancer treatments. The new administration “talks about getting more value for less,” said Lars Fruergaard Jorgensen, CEO of Novo Nordisk, the world’s biggest maker of diabetes medicines. “Outcomes-based contracting could be one of the elements.” The drug industry is seeking to dodge Trump’s most drastic threats to reduce prices, including forcing companies to bid for government business. Lobbying group Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America plans to propose an outcomes-based price plan this month as part of its proposals to address drug pricing concerns. Executives have touted the idea during a big investor conference and on earnings calls, and brought it up unprompted in media interviews. The topic was also discussed when a group of top pharmaceutical CEOs met Trump at the White House last week. “The buzzword of the day is value-based pricing paradigms,” Brent Saunders, CEO of Allergan, said in January. While reimbursing part of the cost for a treatment that doesn’t perform well sounds like a sensible solution, the concept is hard to execute. In conditions like diabetes or high cholesterol, results can be tracked with simple numerical measures. But it may be harder to pull off in areas like depression or cancer. There’s also little evidence that pay-for-performance will significantly lower drug prices overall. And one of the largest drug benefit managers in the country, Express Scripts, has criticized outcomes-based plans. Still, many insurance companies are intrigued. Cigna, for instance, has entered into seven outcomes-based deals since 2009, including two last year for injectable cholesterol-lowering drugs. Novo, based in Denmark, recently signed its first contract for the diabetes drug Victoza as part of a pilot project with Humana. At least five other companies have reached deals with various insurers in the past year, including Novartis, Merck, Amgen, Sanofi and Eli Lilly. Details on those agreements are proprietary, and remain scant. Swiss giant Novartis, one of the biggest boosters of the concept, has deals in place to refund four insurers, including Cigna and Humana, if its Entresto drug doesn’t keep heart failure patients out the hospital. It is considering agreements for leukemia treatment Tasigna, which costs more than $12,000 a month, and multiple sclerosis drug Gilenya, which lists for about $6,700 monthly. “We’ve been able to get the best of both worlds,” said Chris Bradbury, senior vice president of integrated clinical and specialty drug solutions at Cigna. The insurer gets competitive guaranteed discounts on prescriptions, and “the manufacturer is aligned and accountable when something doesn’t work.” So far, all the drugs have performed up to expectations. Drugmakers have defended their prices, saying it helps fund research and development of life-saving medicines. Digital data and medical records helped make pay-for-performance popular, yet tracking the results remains difficult with conditions that have subjective metrics, like those in the central nervous system. “Everyone likes the idea of outcomes-based contracting, but the contracts themselves are really complicated,” said Mark Fendrick, director of the Center for Value-Based Insurance Design at the University of Michigan. While outcomes-based pricing is useful for some drugs, the obstacles to apply the concept across the board “are nearly insurmountable,” said Peter Bach of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. It could require calling patients in for additional tests they don’t need merely to determine reimbursement. And because almost all of the details are proprietary, it is hard to know whether the programs are actually saving money, he said. “It would lower some drug prices, but the idea that this is a panacea is unfounded,” said Roger Longman, CEO of Real Endpoints, which analyzes drug reimbursements. “There is a significant amount of hype around these deals.” Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts, agrees. The drug benefit manager prefers arrangements that refund money if a patient discontinues an expensive cancer or inflammation drug prematurely, rather than agreements that link discounts to hard-to-track results. Jared S. Hopkins, Robert Langreth and James Paton are Bloomberg writers. Email: jhopkins38@bloomberg.net, rlangreth@bloomberg.net, jpaton4@bloomberg.net Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. MASSIVE STORM DAMAGE Road crew employee killed on Hwy. 17 was working with son Damage to Oroville Dam spillway grows, could cost $100 million Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions Falling debris shuts down Hwy. 17 again 3 rescued from flood waters near Truckee River Russian River is above flood stage and still rising LATEST NEWS Report: Russia could send Snowden to US as 'gift' to Trump Report: US officials confirm elements of Russia dossier on Trump Man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested Draymond Green makes franchise history in Warriors rout Ex-Calif. inmate finally has sex-reassignment surgery Up to 7 vehicles involved in collision on 101 in SF Sketch released in Union City Girl Scout cookie stand robbery Office of Obama offers internships Poll: 51% of Trump voters say Bowling Green justifies travel ban White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Trump travel ban kills surgeon's lifesaving trip to Iran Feds conduct sweeping immigration raids in at least 6 states Betsy DeVos asked question on Twitter. Here's what happened. Cosmetology schools sue DeVos over Obama-era rules Whole Foods closing 9 stores, 1 in Northern California Payless could close 1,000 stores Can someone gentrify the neighborhood where they grew up? Retail center promises change for neighborhood TODAY'S TOP PICKS 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home Christine Baranski offers to play Betsy DeVos on 'SNL' Despised man gets a scathing obituary SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Save $185 to outfit your bed with this luxurious 20-piece... 62% OFF: This sleek French press coffee maker will make the... Most Popular 1 Is California overdue for biblical, catastrophic flooding?... 2 Public Policy Polling: 51 percent of Trump voters say Bowling... 3 Whole Foods closing 9 stores; 1 in Northern California 4 Betsy DeVos asked a question on Twitter. Here's what happened. 5 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home 6 Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis 7 Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son 8 Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100... 9 Gaping hole in Oroville Dam spillway is growing, officials warn 10 Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Dow Jones Industrial Average Dips On Continued Trump Concerns Shutterstock photo The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA)  spent most of the day in the red, but held on to its perch atop the round 20,000 level. Stocks fell as investors continued to watch for clues about what’s in store from U.S. President Donald Trump, whose controversial immigration ban hit a snag on Friday. Amid the uncertainty, investors sought safety in gold, which touched an 11-week high. Traders are also looking ahead to tonight’s speech from Philadelphia Fed President Patrick T. Harker.  Continue reading for more on today’s market, including: 3 must-watch  stocks this week , according to Schaeffer’s Senior Options Strategist Tony Venosa, CMT. The $1.5 million bearish bet on this  Super Bowl reject . How  option traders bet on notable moves for Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) and Amazon.com, Inc. ( AMZN ). Plus, the fertilizer stock that could rally after earnings, poultry price-fixing allegations, and Tiffany’s C-Suite shake-up. The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA –  20,052.42) dropped 19 points, or 0.1%. Merck & Co., Inc. ( MRK ) led the 10 Dow winners with a gain of 1%, while the 20 Dow losers were paced by Verizon Communications Inc. ( VZ ), which dropped 1.1%. The  S&P 500 Index (SPX – 2,292.56) also ended lower, shedding 4.9 points, or 0.2%. The Nasdaq Composite (COMP – 5,663.55)  dipped 0.1%, or 3.2 points. The  CBOE Volatility Index (VIX – 11.37)  added 0.4 point, or 3.7%. 5 Items on Our Radar Today Ride-sharing company Uber hired a former NASA expert to help it develop its vision for vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) vehicles , or flying cars. (USA Today) Japanese automakers Toyota and Suzuki have initiated formal talks on forming a strategic alliance that would allow the two companies to share safety and environmental technologies, R&D, and part supplies. (CNBC) Is Mosaic Co ( MOS ) ready to rally after earnings ? The price-fixing allegations that weighed on this chicken stock .  The  Tiffany & Co. (TIF) departure that had everyone talking. Data courtesy of Trade-Alert Commodities March-dated crude futures dropped 82 cents, or 1.5%, to end the day at $53.01 per barrel. A stronger dollar weighed on black gold, in spite of continued output cuts by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and tensions between the U.S. and Iran. April-dated gold futures gained $11.30, or 0.9%, to $1,232.10 per ounce — its highest perch since November — as investors flocked to the precious metal amid growing political uncertainty in both the U.S. and Europe.  Get your daily dose of Dow futures, stock news, and more with Schaeffer’s Opening View . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Markets, NASA, radar, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Why Royal Bank of Canada is a Top 25 Dividend Stock (RY) Next PostNext Charles Schwab or Vanguard: The Better Broker for an IRA Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Twitter Promises to Silence Trolls, Making the Platform Less Toxic for Brands Too By Garett Sloane - 5 hours ago Array 0 As 'The Walking Dead' Stumbles, AMC Looks to the Future 6 hours ago Array 0 Publicis Groupe Wins MillerCoors Media Business By E.J. Schultz - 7 hours ago Array 0 IPG Mediabrands' Initiative Appoints First U.S. CEO, Regional Presidents By Lindsay Stein - 8 hours ago Array 0 Risks and Rewards of Confronting Consumer Bias at the Super Bowl By Michele Fabrizi - 9 hours ago Array 0 Publicis Groupe Wins MillerCoors Media Business By E.J. Schultz - 7 hours ago 0 IPG Mediabrands' Initiative Appoints First U.S. CEO, Regional Presidents By Lindsay Stein - 8 hours ago 0 The Go-To Glossary for Marketers Needing to Brush Up on AI By Garett Sloane and George Slefo - 14 hours ago 0 Epsilon and Others Scramble for Alexa Data from Amazon By Kate Kaye - 14 hours ago 0 Former JWT North America CCO Jeff Benjamin Joins Barton F. Graf By Ann-Christine Diaz - 11 hours ago 0 See All the Ads From Super Bowl LI, Best to Worst, A to Z - Yesterday 0 Super Bowl LI Ad Review: Facing a Big Moment, Enough Marketers Find Their Footing By Nat Ives - Yesterday 0 The Winners of USA Today's Super Bowl Ad Meter Are ... - Yesterday 0 Snickers Extends Live Super Bowl Campaign With 'Apology' Offer By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 POLL: Which Super Bowl Ad Was the Best? - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US IPG Mediabrands' Initiative Appoints First U.S. CEO, Regional Presidents New Structure Will Allow Agency to Be More Client-Focused By Lindsay Stein. Published on February 07, 2017. Initiative U.S. CEO Amy Armstrong Credit: Courtesy Initiative Most Popular IPG Mediabrands' Initiative has appointed Interpublic Group veteran Amy Armstrong as the agency's first U.S. CEO while creating three regional president roles to get more senior-level coverage on the ground for clients. Ms. Armstrong, most recently president of BPN U.S., will oversee the growth of all U.S. offices, with support from regional East Coast, Midwest and West Coast presidents. The new structure will allow Initiative to be "more client focused than we've been in the past" by having "senior talent looking over clients" in its key regions," said Mat Baxter, global CEO of Initiative, to whom Ms. Armstrong will report. Initiative U.S. President Kris Magel is being shifted to the role of East Coast president. Mr. Baxter said he doesn't see the new position as a "diluted responsibility" because some of the shop's biggest accounts are out of the New York office, such as Amtrak, Merck, Dr. Pepper Snapple Group, Arby's, FDA and Papa John's. He added that Mr. Magel was "spread thin" in terms of looking over clients on a national role and giving them the attention they needed. Chris Actis, previously president of Asia-Pacific for Neo@Ogilvy, has joined Initiative to serve as president of the Midwest. Initiative is currently in the process of looking for a West Coast president to lead its Los Angeles and San Diego offices. Initiative has been relatively quiet in recent months, but Mr. Baxter said the silence was purposeful as the shop spent the last six months going through its redesign. The appointment of Ms. Armstrong as U.S. CEO "allows us to externalize our brands and our efforts to the marketplace" and "take that inward focus and turn it outward," he added. In this article: Agencies Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Haselmeier Introduces the Award-winning D-Flex. Just One. STUTTGART, Germany, February 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Haselmeier has not even officially presented its latest innovation and the D-Flex. Just one. has already won an award: The especially flexible disposable pen D-Flex has been given the GOOD DESIGN™ Award. However, the D-Flex stands out in the market primarily thanks to its uniqueness. No comparable product can be deployed so flexibly and at the same time deliver patient safety.      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/465591/Haselmeier_D_Flex_Image.jpg ) The D-Flex is the disposable pen for the use with 3 ml cartridges. It closes the gap between fixed-dose pens which only allow a single fixed dose, and variable-dose pens where the dose can be finely adjusted by the patient. The D-Flex can therefore be configured for several fixed doses. These dose values can essentially be freely selected when assembling the pen. The pen system does not permit any in-between amounts aside from the set doses, i.e. the patient cannot select an unintentional dose by mistake. This significantly reduces the risk of any operating error and increases the safety of the patient. This makes the D-Flex the ideal, flexible platform for adapting to set doses in accordance with the therapy. This platform can be flexibly configured to suit the desired dose values, from the first clinical study to series production, thereby significantly reducing the “time to market” and “CAPEX.” The benefit for patients and the advantages for Haselmeier customers are comprehensive: Just one pen which permits one or more pre-set doses. Just one pen with dose correction in order to avoid injection errors or loss of the drug. Just one pen which does not permit any in-between values besides the doses set. Just one flexible platform which enables the customer to easily adapt to a wide variety of dose values. Just one strong platform from the initial clinical study to series production. Stefan Gaul, Strategic Product Manager at Haselmeier, explains: “In line with the needs of the market, we at Haselmeier were looking for an improved solution for “unconventional” or somewhat more complicated applications. Aspects such as patient safety and convenience of operation and handling were central elements of the process. The idea of designing an extremely flexible, strong platform for our customers was naturally a central aspiration. With the D-Flex we have found the ideal way to put this into practice. And it is all the more gratifying when the product design is explicitly appreciated by outside bodies. But above all, it is a good feeling to know that an innovation is far enough advanced in the development process to ensure that patients can be helped within a few years. The D-Flex product platform made of high-performance plastic will in future be available in the three colours, red, blue and green.  Details of the award   GOOD DESIGN from Chicago is considered the world’s oldest and most prestigious institution for design excellence. In 2016, companies from over 46 countries submitted a total of more than 900 new product designs and artwork to the Chicago Athenaeum Museum. The winners are published on the website, www.chi-athenaeum.org and in the 2016 GOOD DESIGN Yearbook. Haselmeier had already won the award in 2014 for its Axis-D pen platform and a customer application for Merck based upon it. The GONAL-f® 2.0 Pen from Merck is a pre-filled disposable injector which is used worldwide for fertility treatment. The GOOD DESIGN™ Award has been presented since 1950.  About Haselmeier  Haselmeier stands for the development and production of innovative self-injection devices with award-winning designs. The Haselmeier Group primarily works on behalf of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to improve the lives of patients by manufacturing pens and auto-injectors that are easy to use and that can be dosed with precision. The family business covers all steps-from design to planning to industrialisation-in the creation of high-quality self-injection systems. Founded as early as in 1920 in Stuttgart, Haselmeier has long been an established name in the medtech industry, thanks to its proprietary technologies and international award-winning designs. In four years from now, this well-established company shall be able to look back on a 100 year old success story. Spread across eight global locations on three different continents, the Haselmeier Group employs a workforce of about 220 employees. While the Development Department is based in Stuttgart, the Innovation and Product Management is sited in Zurich (Switzerland). Haselmeier products are manufactured in the most modern production facilities in Buchen in Odenwald (Germany), Dnešice (Czech Republic) and Bengaluru (India). The international sales are controlled from Stuttgart and have representations in Lowell, Maryland (USA), Gurgaon (India) and Guangzhou (China). For further information, please visit: www.haselmeier.com Media Contact: Wilhelm Haselmeier GmbH & Co. KG         Vaihinger Straße 48                             70567 Stuttgart                                       Germany                               Jana Heidrich Marketing and Sales Coordinator +49-711-71978-176 j.heidrich@haselmeier.com SOURCE Haselmeier AG CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Industry, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SIRIOS discovers new high-grade gold zones at Cheechoo Next PostNext Fundanna Launching as US First Regulation Crowdfunding Portal for the Cannabis Industry Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Drug Prices Are Soaring: Here’s Why You May Not Get the Meds You Need Fiscal Times Eric Pianin 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Where the Obamas are headed after the White House 15 celebrities who had epic fails as entrepreneurs Click to expand Replay Video Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion A Homeland Security Department report seen by Reuters also says the border wall President Trump wants could take more than three years to build. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Cote d’Azur is a french business man who believes Uber’s technology is the reason that his marriage ended. He said that through the app his wife could see where he had been and he was going. Apparently, his wife did not approve of where he had been and they got divorced. He is now suing Uber for 45 million euros, which is $48 million American dollars. Uber has not yet commented on the lawsuit publicly. It is their policy to not make comments about individual cases. Wochit Business Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Entertainment Reporter Katrina Szish previews the movies in theaters this weekend and the Grammy Awards. Fox Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO President Trump wants to bring prescription drug prices down FOX News See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion Reuters1:04 Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Wochit Business0:32 Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Fox Business4:01 Meet the collaborative robots that work with you Bloomberg3:14 An interesting shift is happening in the marijuana business International Business Times1:00 Is Under Armour asking for a backlash? The Wall Street Journal.0:43 Serial house sitting is the new fad for retirees CNBC0:56 This zero-waste packaging is made from bamboo CNN Money3:19 Top grossing pets on Instagram GOBankingRates1:13 Trump's tweets aren't helping Twitter make money Veuer0:42 Weak peso helps tequila giant Jose Cuervo go public The Wall Street Journal.1:02 Beautiful beaches that are ridiculously expensive GOBankingRates1:06 How do fake news sites make money? BBC News1:13 Trump meets with airlines CNBC2:00 This is the world's most expensive chocolate bar CNBC0:39 Honoured Apple CEO takes aim at Trump Reuters1:31 UP NEXT The base price of the most commonly used brand-name drugs rose on average by nearly 11 percent in 2016, providing added grist to the debate over the need for government intervention to slow the rate of growth of pharmaceutical prices and eliminate blatant price gouging. Quotes in the article Intelsat SA I ▲ 3.61 +0.11 +3.14% Ryder System Inc R ▲ 76.49 +1.03 +1.37% AbbVie Inc ABBV ▼ 60.42 -0.42 -0.69% AdChoices A new study released on Monday by Express Scripts, a major pharmacy benefit management services based in St. Louis, found that the average price of brand name drugs has steadily risen by more than 200 percent since 2008, far outpacing the 11 percent overall cost-of-living increase during the same period. Related: Trump Moves Quickly on Pledge to Contain Drug Prices – but Can He Do It? From a base price of $100 set in January 2008, the price of the most commonly used brand medications increased to $307.86 last year (in 2008 dollars), the study found. Prescription drugs for the treatment of diabetes and inflammatory conditions like rheumatoid arthritis ranked as the costliest therapy class. Indeed, one out of every five dollars spent on pharmaceuticals was for those medicines, according to the report, followed closely by spending on medications for the treatment of cancer. The drug industry has argued for years that the high costs of developing and testing the new class of drugs called biologics, which targets the disease by targeting the gene that causes the problem, are a big part of the problem. Abbvie’s (ABBV) Humira is a perfect example. A report in Forbes shows that even if it cost what the industry claims is $2.5 billion to develop a biologic drug, Humira earned it back and then some long ago. The drug generated $14 billion in sales in 2015 alone. Forbes says a biologic can cost $50,000 or more a year per patient, which is a killer for consumers, insurers and taxpayers.  © iStockphoto Soaring drug prices surfaced as a major issue during last year’s presidential and congressional campaigns and is already getting attention from the new administration and Congress. Last week, President Donald Trump summoned the heads of many top drug manufacturers to the White House in a first step towards fulfilling his campaign pledge to crack down on soaring drug prices that have dramatically driven up the costs of Medicare, Medicaid, and employee health programs. Trump also pledged to speed up Food and Drug Administration approval of generic drugs to boost competition with more expensive brand names as part of an effort to reduce what he termed “astronomical” drug prices. He also favors accelerated FDA approval of cutting-edge drugs for treating cancer and other life-threatening diseases. “We have to do better at accelerating cures,” he declared. Related:Trump Jolts the Pharmaceutical Industry with Vow to ‘Bring Down Drug Prices’ Prescription drug prices have risen at a double-digit rate in recent years and are projected to continue to rise at that pace this year. Over the past two years, the country has been buffeted by high-profile cases of price gouging by drug companies by as much as 1,000 percent to 5,000 percent for some life-saving drugs that have been on the market for years. However, the Express Scripts findings on rising brand drug prices tells only part of the story. That’s because the drug industry offers substantial rebates and discounts to preferred buyers and consumers that often substantially reduce the base price, according to industry experts. For instance, Express Scripts, one of the three largest pharmacy benefit managers in the country, is responsible for negotiating rebates based on the list prices of prescription drugs. The company boasted today that spending on prescription drugs by its clients was up by just 3.8 percent in 2016, far below the nearly 11 percent national average. Moreover, prices for the most commonly used generic medications declined by 8.7 percent in 2016, according to the Express Scripts analysis. Trump and some of his Republican allies on Capitol Hill believe that steps to encourage and speed up the development of generic drugs may be the key to revving up competition – and bringing down prices. The House Energy and Commerce Committee is scheduled to begin consideration this week of a bill that would require the FDA to review applications for generic versions of drugs for which there is little if any competition within 180 days, according to Modern Healthcare. Related:How Big Pharma Lobbyists Keep Medicare Drug Prices High The measure, sponsored by Chairman Greg Walden (R-OR), would also offer pharmaceutical companies that submit such applications a voucher that promises a quicker review of another generic product. “We all remember recent situations where bad actors jacked up the price of older, off-patent drugs because there was no competition,” Walden said in a statement. “We want to make sure that doesn't happen again.” But the bill's proposed six-month review period is only slightly shorter than the eight-month review and action target established by FDA officials last year, according to Modern Healthcare. And it is longer than the four-month goal proposed for certain priority drug applications. While the bill is in line with some of Trump’s stated aspirations for reining in drug costs, it is on the face of it a relatively weak start to addressing a massive problem that is costing consumers and government agencies billions of dollars annually. There will likely be efforts to beef up the legislation with other tougher provisions. Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) and Rep. Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, the ranking Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, are pressing for much tougher measures. Related: The Most Expensive Prescription Drugs in America “We have to get the prices way down,” Trump told the CEOs of Merck, Amgen, Eli Lilly, Novartis and Johnson & Johnson, as well as the head of the trade organization PhRMA, last Tuesday. "We have to get prices down for a lot of reasons. We have no choice, for Medicare and Medicaid, we have to get prices way down.” At the top of his meeting with pharmaceutical company CEOs, Trump outlined a number of steps for preventing future surges in drug prices, although he didn’t mention two of the more controversial ideas that he and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton advanced during the campaign: One would allow the importation of cheaper drugs from Canada to enhance competition. And the other would permit Medicare officials to negotiate down prices with major drug companies by eliminating a non-negotiation ban contained in the 2003 Medicare Part D drug legislation. The drug companies have strongly lobbied against both of those proposals in the past, warning against intrusive government action that would discourage research and development and prevent job-creating expansion. Trump had nothing more to say about his drug importation and Medicare price negotiation proposals following his meeting with the drug company CEOs. Instead, he issued a statement supportive of the drug industry and vowing to “oppose anything that makes it harder for smaller, younger companies to take the risk of bringing their product to a vibrantly competitive market,” as The Washington Post reported.Top Reads from The Fiscal Times Trump May Be the First Test Case for His Own Supreme Court Nominee Trump’s Rollback on Clean Air and Water Rules Could Raise Health Care Costs IRS Warning: Scammers Have a New Trick to Get Your W-2 Form Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Fiscal Times Obamacare Repeal Could Be a Big Setback for the Fight Against Addiction Fiscal Times Trump has a chance to remake the Federal Reserve Fiscal Times Trump Has a Chance to Remake the Federal Reserve Fiscal Times The Republican War on Obamacare Just Took a Big Step Forward Fiscal Times Fiscal Times View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Trump’s doctor failed to tell us about this drug he takes · PinkNews Enter your email address to receive our daily LGBT news roundup Sign up No thanks You're free to unsubscribe at any time. Follow @pinknews News News Home UK US World Trans Politics Education Law Religion Business Entertainment Trans Opinion Travel Life Life Home Health Sport About Advertise Contact Privacy RSS Search Home UK US World Current Affairs Entertainment Opinion Travel Features Trans Current Affairs Trump’s doctor failed to tell us about this drug he takes Benjamin Butterworth, PinkNews 7th February 2017, 9:55 AM Image: Getty Donald Trump’s medical records weren’t entirely accurate, it has been claimed. During the election campaign the now president’s doctor, Dr Harold N. Bornstein, declared that Trump’s test results were “astonishingly excellent”, his physical strength and stamina “extraordinary”. In a bizarre, distinctly Trump way, he even declared: If elected, Mr. Trump, I can state unequivocally, will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency.” However it’s now emerged that the president uses a drug that wasn’t mentioned in the pre-election report. He also takes a drug called finasteride, according to the New York Times. The drug is designed to treat male-pattern baldness – something his doctor credits with maintaining Trump’s vast combover. However some have claimed it has serious side effects, and there have been 1,370 lawsuits against the company which markets the drug, Merck. The drug which the president takes, who does not live with his wife, has been linked to “libido disorders, ejaculation disorders and orgasm disorders”. It has also been linked to anxious or depressive symptoms, and one study claimed that 96 per cent of men continued to suffer from sexual dysfunction after finishing treatment with finasteride. Trump’s medical records aren’t the only thing to change since he came to office. His poll ratings have collapsed too – making him the least popular president in US history. Controversial policies such as the Muslim Ban – now suspended thanks to the courts – and attacks on popular figures such as Meryl Streep have damaged his reputation. However President Trump resisted using an Executive Order to remove LGBT rights, after daughter Ivanka allegedly intervened to stop him. Such unpopularity is unprecedented for a new president. Though President Trump has hit back – claiming, predictably, that all negative polling is “fake news”. 14 reader comments Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous story Nurse set himself on fire over being sacked from hospital Next story Same-sex marriage will 'destroy the whole human race', Australian parliament told More: US Politics America obama Trump polling popular Trending Trending Now This mother rejected her gay son on national TV and people are shocked Rosie O'Donnell posts pic of her as Steve Bannon and Twitter went nuts Sky News host tears into colleague live on air over homophobic speech Assange claims he has dirt on French Presidential candidate accused of 'secret gay life' Trending This mother rejected her gay son on national TV and people are shocked Rosie O’Donnell posts pic of her as Steve Bannon and Twitter went nuts Sky News host tears into colleague live on air over homophobic speech Assange claims he has dirt on French Presidential candidate accused of ‘secret gay life’ Latest stories Parents in Hong Kong are ‘worried’ about their sons liking Disney princesses Supermarket giant Sainsbury’s just released a collection of same-sex Valentine’s cards Vogue model Hanne Gaby Odiele calls for more people to come out as intersex Gay episode of The Simpsons was nearly censored by Fox As Utah rejects sex education bill, adult site reroutes all traffic to something special Tennessee re-introduces bills to ban gay marriage and restrict trans bathroom use © 2017 PinkNews Terms Contact Advertise
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Cancer Immunotherapies Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Cancer Immunotherapies Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 07, 2017 ) Cancer immunotherapy works by enhancing the innate powers of the immune system. This has better chances of successfully fighting cancer for a long period. Also, immunotherapies have fewer side effects and can treat different types of cancer. Cancer immunotherapies make up nearly 50% of the cancer drugs market. Publisherâs analysts forecast the global cancer immunotherapies market to grow at a CAGR of 15.17% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-cancer-immunotherapies-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global cancer immunotherapies market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of cancer immunotherapies used to treat cancer. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Cancer Immunotherapies Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Amgen - Bristol-Myers Squibb - F. Hoffmann-La Roche - GlaxoSmithKline - Merck - Takeda Pharmaceuticals Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001232109/sample Other prominent vendors - AbbVie - ADC Therapeutics - Agensys - Astellas - AstraZeneca - Bayer - Biogen - Biotech Pharmaceutical - Boehringer-Ingelheim - Celgene - Celldex Therapeutics - Chugai Pharmaceutical - CTI Biopharma - Daiichi Sankyo - Eli Lilly - Fortress Biotech - Genmab - Immunomedics - Intas Pharmaceuticals - Janssen Biotech - Kyowa Hakko Kirin - MedImmune - Morphotek - Neovii Biotech - Novartis - OncoMed Pharmaceuticals - Pfizer - Sanofi - Seattle Genetics - Spectrum Pharmaceuticals - TG Therapeutics - XBiotech Market driver - Increase in demand for cancer monoclonal antibodies - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Patent expiry of top-selling drugs - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Emergence of targeted and combination therapies - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analystâs time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001232109/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Vaccine Market to Record an Impressive Growth USD 59.20 Billion in 2020 Global Vaccine Market to Record an Impressive Growth USD 59.20 Billion in 2020 Posted on February 7, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Vaccine Market by Technology (Inactivated, Subunit, Conjugate, Live Attenuated, Toxoid, and Dendritic Cell Synthetic), Type (Therapeutic, Preventive), Indication (Allergy, Infectious Disease, Tumors and Others) for Infants, Early Aged, and Post Aged: Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Segment, Trends and Forecast, 2014 – 2020 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 02/06/2017 — Zion Research has published a new report titled "Vaccine Market by Technology (Inactivated, Subunit, Conjugate, Live Attenuated, Toxoid, and Dendritic Cell Synthetic), Type (Therapeutic, Preventive), Indication (Allergy, Infectious Disease, Tumors and Others) for Infants, Early Aged, and Post Aged: Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2014 – 2020" According to the report, global demand for vaccine was valued at over USD 32.2 billion in 2014, is expected to reach above USD 59.2 billion in 2020 and is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of slightly above 11.0% between 2015 and 2020. Request Sample Report: http://bit.ly/1VijEWF Vaccination is the process of injecting, or oral vaccine ingestion to stimulate the immune system of individual. Vaccine is made up of inactive, partially killed or dead microbes, to activate the immune system against the particular microbe and produce antibodies against it. Vaccination influences immune system to attack on the microbe. The antigen stimulates the immune system to identify threat, destroy and memorize, so that if the same microbe is occurred later it can be recognized and destroyed. Introduction of new vaccines for various diseases is escalating growth of the vaccine market. Also rise in frequency of diverse infectious diseases such as swine flu, influenza, Ebola, hepatitis, tuberculosis, diphtheria, meningococcal diseases, and pneumococcal diseases worldwide has increased the use of vaccines. Besides, the notable rise demand of the existing vaccines is predicted to enhance the growth of market. Government initiative to generate awareness among people for vaccination is also supporting the market growth. However, high maintenance, strict laws of regulatory and huge expense for development of new vaccines could pose challenge for the vaccine market. Government funding for R&D of new vaccines for diseases like HIV and cancer offers novel opportunity for vaccine market. Browse the full "Vaccine Market by Technology (Inactivated, Subunit, Conjugate, Live Attenuated, Toxoid, and Dendritic Cell Synthetic), Type (Therapeutic, Preventive), Indication (Allergy, Infectious Disease, Tumors and Others) for Infants, Early Aged, and Post Aged: Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Segment, Trends and Forecast, 2014 – 2020" report at http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/vaccine-market-z53045 Technological advancement in use of vaccine includes inactivated, subunit, conjugate, live attenuated, toxoid, dendritic cell and synthetic. Live attenuated is the recommended technology and accepted worldwide followed by inactivated technology. Two types of vaccine are therapeutic vaccine and preventive vaccine. Preventive vaccine was the leading type due to escalating awareness among people for prevention from various infections. End users for the ingestion or injection of vaccine are infants, early aged and post aged group. Infants and early aged populace are vaccinated on large basis due to government initiative for protecting children from various diseases. The indication segment for vaccine includes allergy, infectious disease, and tumors among others. Infectious disease was one of the major indications due to increase in number of infectious and contiguous diseases globally. North America emerged as prominent regional market owing to rising government support for R&D of vaccines, growing company investments for vaccine research, and high occurrence of different diseases in this region. The vaccine market is segment into Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa, further divergence of region on the country level, which includes U.S., Germany, UK, France, China, Japan and India. Do Inquiry before buying: http://bit.ly/2cy108V Some of the prominent participants in vaccine market include Pfizer, CSL Limited, GlaxoSmithKline, plc, MedImmune LLC, Novartis AG, Sanofi Pasteur, Merck and Company, Johnson and Johnson and Emergent BioSolutions Inc. This report segments the vaccine market as follows: Vaccine Market: Technology Segment Analysis Inactivated Subunit Conjugate Live Attenuated Toxoid Dendritic Cell Synthetic Vaccine Market: Type Segment Analysis Therapeutic vaccine Preventive vaccine Vaccine Market: End user Segment Analysis Infants Early aged Post aged Vaccine Market: Indicatons Segment Analysis Allergy Infectious disease Tumors Others Vaccine Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America US Europe Germany France UK Asia Pacific China Japan India Latin America Brazil Middle East and Africa About Us Zion Research is a market intelligence company providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Zion Research experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants uses proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each Zion Research syndicated research report covers a different sector — such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food and beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports strive to serve the overall research requirement of clients. Contact US: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street,Suit #8138 Deerfield Beach,Florida 33442 United States Toll Free: +1-855-465-4651 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-386-310-3803 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Website: http://www.marketresearchstore.com For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-vaccine-market-to-record-an-impressive-growth-usd-5920-billion-in-2020-767742.htm Media Relations Contact Joel John Corporate Sales Specialist Market Research Store Telephone: 386-310-3803 Email: Click to Email Joel John Web: http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/vaccine-market-z53045 Latest News Mazzitti & Sullivan Counseling Services Launches New Website Introducing the First Guitar Stand ​That Fits in the Palm of Your Hand Cablefax is Now Accepting Entries for The FAXIES Awards; Entry Deadline March 3 A’ Photography Awards 2017 is Looking for Photographers with Outstanding Works who are Aiming at Getting Global Fame and Recognition Paso Robles Plumber Quality 1st Plumbing Announces Special Discount For Local Veterans Pixel Film Studios Announces TransFocus Layers for Final Cut Pro X Vernon Computer Source Offering $2,000 Scholarship National Debt Relief Explains When Debt Consolidation Is A Good And Bad Idea Uncorked Wine Tours Releases “Top Paso Robles Wine Tour Stops” List for 2017 Credit2B Announces Addition of Chief Product Officer © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← California State Senate Leader: ‘Half My Family’ Here Illegally Fake news: actors, robots, androids, television creations → Ready to inject your children with “safe” vaccines from China? Posted on February 6, 2017 by # 1 NWO Hatr Jon Rappoport I’ll put it to you this way. Your child is about to get vaccinated. You believe in the efficacy of vaccines. In the doctor’s office, there is a large wheel. It has two sections. One is marked: “this injection for your child comes from the US or Germany.” The other section is marked: “this injection for your child might come from China, or if not, the raw ingredients in the shot might come from China, and, keep in mind that even if the injection and the raw ingredients don’t come from China, in a pinch, because the Chinese vaccines are cheap, the US might buy the injection or the ingredients from China—now spin the wheel…and let’s see where the arrow stops…for your child.”   In the spring of 2016, a vaccine scandal erupted in China. Time Magazine reported: “Furious parents and health care professionals in China are demanding to know how almost $90 million of improperly stored and potentially fatal vaccines were distributed across some two-thirds of the country over the past five years, in the latest public-health scandal to raise serious questions over the efficacy of the Chinese Communist Party’s rule.” “According to state media, a mother and daughter from eastern China’s Shandong province have been caught peddling 25 kinds of unrefrigerated vaccines — including for polio, mumps, rabies, hepatitis B, encephalitis and meningococcal diseases — to medical facilities across 24 Chinese provinces since 2010.” “Inflaming the public backlash, authorities had apparently known about the case since last April, though only publicized the news late Friday in a belated attempt to trace potential victims. Moreover, the elder suspect, a 47-year-old woman surnamed Pang, had apparently been convicted of the same offense in 2009 but only received a suspended sentence. State media admitted the compromised inoculations could have resulted in paralysis and even death.” “’Twenty-four provinces, five years already, and how many children! It’s been nearly a year and then they reveal this! Isn’t this genocide? Words cannot express how angry I am!’ posted one user of China’s Twitter-like microblog Weibo, reports the BBC.” “’This is a matter of life and death,’” one Beijing-based doctor told Radio Free Asia. ‘They should make an announcement about this as soon as possible … so we can locate these items and cut off the supply, so no more people are harmed.’” Just to show how panicked the vaccine establishment is about the current wave of public awakening—sparked in part by revelations in the movie Vaxxed—major media couldn’t even keep their stories straight. The NY Times, reporting on the China scandal, and relying on the World Health Organization (a PR front for the vaccine industry) took an assuring tone: “Despite such fears, the tainted vaccines are more likely to be ineffective than harmful…The World Health Organization has said that outdated or poorly stored vaccines rarely if ever trigger illness or toxic reactions. Chinese government investigators said last week that they had not found any cases of adverse reactions or spikes in infections linked to ineffective vaccines.” Really? Perhaps editors at the NY Times and the World Health Organization would like to prove their faith and confidence by taking shots in the arm of those spoiled vaccines. Now, here are quotes from an excellent article by Marco Caceres at thevaccinereaction.org (4/13/16). The article points up the uncertainty about whether processed and/or raw vaccine ingredients are entering the US from China: “The past few weeks, there have been a series of news reports coming out of China revealing that thousands of doses of improperly stored and expired vaccines for children and adults were illegally sold for millions of dollars on the black market by more than 100 people associated with Chinese companies and vaccination centers.” “Most Americans do not understand that many pharmaceutical products, including vaccines, are not made in the United States and foreign pharmaceutical companies are not subject to U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) quality control regulations.” “It is unclear what percentage of the vaccines currently used in the United States are made by Chinese pharmaceutical companies in China or by Western companies with manufacturing facilities in China. We do know that major U.S. and European vaccine makers such as Merck & Co., GlaxoSmithKline plc, and Sanofi Pasteur SA maintain vaccine manufacturing operations in China, that this activity is on the rise, and that Western vaccine makers are also establishing joint venture partnerships with Chinese vaccine companies.” “Consequently, it is increasingly difficult to distinguish which vaccines are manufactured by American and European firms and which are produced by the Chinese. A 2012 article in USA Today, however, did report that the FDA estimates that 80% of the ingredients in pharmaceuticals [only drugs, or vaccines as well?] produced by U.S. companies and 40% of the ‘finished medications’ Americans take come from outside the U.S. and, increasingly they come from China and India.” “The article cited a U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) report that found the FDA inspects drug manufacturing facilities in China and India only once every 14 years, and that FDA inspectors are not permitted to enter those facilities unannounced. USA Today noted that, according to the GAO report, ‘Up to two-thirds of foreign pharmaceutical sites have never undergone an FDA inspection’.” So: even if you believe in the safety and efficacy of vaccines, do you want to spin the big wheel in the doctor’s office? Do you want to take a chance? Do you want to have your child injected? Do you want to say, “Well, the news media and the government and the experts and the doctors all tell me vaccines are safe, so I’ll go along with that. I’ll believe. And I’ll risk the future and the life of my child on that belief.” Do you? Jon Rappoport The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED, EXIT FROM THE MATRIX, and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX, Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free emails atNoMoreFakeNews.com or OutsideTheRealityMachine. Jon Rappoport Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 417 ← California State Senate Leader: ‘Half My Family’ Here Illegally Fake news: actors, robots, androids, television creations → One Response to Ready to inject your children with “safe” vaccines from China? # 1 NWO Hatr says: February 6, 2017 at 5:19 pm “The World Health Organization has said that outdated or poorly stored vaccines rarely if ever trigger illness or toxic reactions.” As opposed to the fresh & properly stored ones which do? Pack of lies, as usual. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom The Distillery Network E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments flee on Almost a Million People Have Now Joined a Campaign to Impeach Trump, and You’ll Never Guess Why KOYOTE on Almost a Million People Have Now Joined a Campaign to Impeach Trump, and You’ll Never Guess Why flee on Thousands of rounds of ammo stolen from Crater Lake park flee on Gabby Giffords’ gun-control group gets new law enforcement allies flee on Illegal Alien Now Awaiting His 6th Deportation BMF on Thousands of rounds of ammo stolen from Crater Lake park BMF on Thousands of rounds of ammo stolen from Crater Lake park BMF on Gabby Giffords’ gun-control group gets new law enforcement allies #snipe on Gabby Giffords’ gun-control group gets new law enforcement allies Angel-NYC on Liberty or Death Katie on Obamacare Probably Here To Stay Jim on Liberty or Death jvcgy9 on Someone Called the Cops on a Tesla Model S Owner for Kidnapping Because He Put His Own Kid in the Car Hal Apeeno on Liberty or Death Hal Apeeno on The Word From the Trenches – February 10, 2017 mary in ND on 30 States Move to Enact Vaccine Bills Including Tracking and Mandatory Vaccines Frank Face on Gabby Giffords’ gun-control group gets new law enforcement allies mary in ND on 30 States Move to Enact Vaccine Bills Including Tracking and Mandatory Vaccines Henry Shivley on Trump signs three new executive orders on crime reduction Henry Shivley on Trump signs three new executive orders on crime reduction Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2016 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Key to Understanding Millennials 'Nobody Makes Money Off That': What We Heard This Week iMedicalApps: VA App Pulls Data from Almost Anywhere Op-Ed: Neil Gorsuch and Assisted Suicide cme/ce Certolizumab Benefits Persist in RA LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Cardiology 'New Year, New Me' Doesn't Work for Rx Adherence Reminders on special occasions failed to motivate patients in trial MedpageToday savesaved by Nicole Lou Contributing Writer, MedPage Today February 08, 2017 Encouraging a "fresh start" mentality associated with occasions such as birthdays and New Year's Day was not enough to coax people into better medication adherence, a randomized study found. In the study, Hengchen Dai, PhD, of Washington University in St. Louis, and colleagues reminded 13,323 participants (45% men) by email to take their medication. Patients were all under commercial or Medicare Advantage insurance with Humana and had 40% to 80% medication adherence during the prior 12 months. On average, Dai's group reported online in JAMA Cardiology, people filled prescriptions covering 63.3% of the 90 days following the email, with no differences related to the timing of the reminder: Random date not close to New Year's or birthday (control) Week before birthday Week before birthday, with explicit references to new beginnings associated with the occasion 3 weeks after New Year's Day 3 weeks after New Year's Day, with explicit references to new beginnings associated with the occasion Dai and her colleagues randomized the timing of when patients receive the emails. Pharmacy claims provided data on the proportion of days covered for diabetes, cholesterol, or blood pressure pills. "Contrary to our expectations, sending reminders following fresh-start dates was not associated with increased medication adherence, and fresh-start–based framing was not associated with increased reminder effectiveness," the researchers concluded. But they weren't ready to give up on the idea. "Reminders received immediately after the target date could be more effective," they wrote. "We encourage further study before concluding that the psychology of fresh starts does not apply to medication adherence." Among the limitations of the study were the lack of a no-email group and the fact that Humana sent medication adherence reminders outside of the study, the authors noted. The study was funded by Humana. Dai reported grant support from Humana. Co-authors disclosed funding and/or employment by Humana; as well as relationships with Merck, Weight Watchers, CVS, VALHealth, and the Health Prize Academic Advisory Board. 2017-02-08T13:15:00-0500 Primary Source JAMA Cardiology Source Reference: Dai H, et al "Effectiveness of medication adherence reminders tied to 'fresh start' dates: a randomized clinical trial" JAMA Cardiol 2017; DOI: 10.1001/jamacardio.2016.5794. 0 comments More in Cardiology Unwitnessed Stroke Treatment Cath Lab Recap: Fully Percutaneous EVAR; Aneurysms Within BVS Heater-Cooler Infections Reported in Australia CardioBrief: Enormous NOAC Study Halted for 'Overwhelming Efficacy' About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Lethal Injection Dakota Pipeline Protests TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Jan 31 2017, 10:33 am ET Trump Tells Drugmakers to Manufacture in the U.S. by Dan Mangan, CNBC Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Trump Calls for Lower Drug Prices During Pharma Meeting 1:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/866677315696" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> President Donald Trump, during a meeting with leading drugmakers at the White House on Tuesday, called on them to produce their pharmaceuticals in the United States and said that he wanted to control "astronomical" drug prices. Trump also blasted foreign countries, which he said have been "freeloading" on the United States with price controls that limit what their own citizens can be charged for medications. "We have to get the prices down," Trump said. "We have to get the prices way down." "We have to get lower prices, we have to get even better innovation, and I want you to move your companies back to the United States," Trump said. "I want you to manufacture in the United States." Related: What's to Blame for High Drug Costs? Trump also said he wanted to make it easier for pharmaceutical companies to win regulatory approval for their products. "You're going to get your prices either approved, or not approved," the president said. "But it's going to be a quick process. It's not going to take 15 years." The meeting included the CEOs of Merck, Amgen, Eli Lilly, Novartis, Johnson & Johnson, as well as the head of the trade group PhRMA. In remarks to reporters while flanked by those CEOs, Trump said, "The U.S. drug companies have produced extraordinary results for our country, but the prices have been astronomical for our country." Dan Mangan, CNBC Email Topics Business News, Health news First Published Jan 31 2017, 10:33 am ET Next Story Top Fed Regulator to Resign in April, Setting Stage for Trump Shakeup advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Industries Pharmaceuticals Drug stocks dip after Spicer affirms Trump’s stance on cutting costs By Tomi Kilgore Published: Feb 7, 2017 4:42 p.m. ET Share Drug-sector trackers extend losses in afternoon trade after Spicer’s comments Getty Images White House press secretary Sean Spicer. By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor Drug stocks took a hit Tuesday, after White House press secretary Sean Spicer confirmed that President Donald Trump was in favor of Medicare drug price negotiations. The SPDR S&P Pharmaceuticals exchange-traded fund XPH, +0.00%  closed down 0.9%, adding to declines of about 0.6% prior to Spicer’s comments. The iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology fund IBB, -0.07%  slipped 0.4%, but was little changed from before Spicer’s press briefing. FactSet Trump has vowed to make major changes to bring down drug prices, as well as pushing for faster drug approvals and a new tax structure to promote U.S. manufacturing. In a room full of pharmaceutical executives last week, Trump used aspirin as an example of the flaws in U.S. drug pricing. There was some question about Trump’s stance on drug price negotiations, after he said he would oppose regulations that make it harder to bring drugs to market, including price fixing. When asked in the press briefing Tuesday whether Trump was for Medicare negotiating drug prices, Spicer said, “He’s for it, yes. Absolutely.” Here's what Trump means for health care(1:41) President-elect Donald Trump's vow to "repeal and replace" the Affordable Care Act has created uncertainty in the health-care sector. Here's what Trump's policies mean for the future of health care. Those comments weighed on shares of some drug-sector heavyweights: Merck & Co. Inc. MRK, -0.37%  shed 1.1% on Tuesday, Allergan PLC AGN, +0.28%  dropped 0.8%, Mylan N.V. MYL, +0.03%  fell 1.5%, Eli Lilly & Co. LLY, +0.12%  eased 0.2% and Pfizer Inc. PFE, -0.09%  lost 0.5%. More from MarketWatch Trump on Putin: U.S. Isn't Innocent Either Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year What’s really behind Trump’s bungling of the immigration-ban order? Quote References XPH +0.00 +0.00% IBB -0.19 -0.07% MRK -0.24 -0.37% AGN +0.68 +0.28% MYL +0.01 +0.03% LLY +0.09 +0.12% PFE -0.03 -0.09% Show all references Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found SPDR S&P Pharmaceuticals ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XPH $40.79 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 101.1K Open $40.81 High $40.96 Low $40.57 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.9 Market Cap N/A iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF U.S.: Nasdaq: IBB $284.37 -0.19 (-0.07%) Volume 763.3K Open $284.48 High $285.88 Low $283.55 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.13 Market Cap N/A Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $64.15 -0.24 (-0.37%) Volume 8.4M Open $64.32 High $64.57 Low $63.96 P/E Ratio 31.6 Div Yield 2.93 Market Cap 177.5B Allergan PLC U.S.: NYSE: AGN $246.36 +0.68 (+0.28%) Volume 3.1M Open $245.50 High $247.19 Low $243.50 P/E Ratio 6.59 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 92.1B Mylan N.V. U.S.: Nasdaq: MYL $39.31 +0.01 (+0.03%) Volume 2.5M Open $39.09 High $39.46 Low $39.00 P/E Ratio 77.08 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 21.0B Eli Lilly & Co. U.S.: NYSE: LLY $77.79 +0.09 (+0.12%) Volume 2.6M Open $77.87 High $78.25 Low $77.60 P/E Ratio 30.15 Div Yield 2.67 Market Cap 85.8B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $32.35 -0.03 (-0.09%) Volume 19.1M Open $32.41 High $32.45 Low $32.23 P/E Ratio 27.77 Div Yield 3.96 Market Cap 196.5B LatestNews
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Animal Healthcare Market Analysis Will Expand at a CAGR of 5.1% from 2015 – 2020 Revenues generated through sales of animal healthcare products and services are expected to reach $35 billion by the end of 2016, according to a report, “Animal Healthcare Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015 – 2020” by Future Market Insights (FMI). Growing pet humanisation trend and focus on preventive healthcare are expected to drive demand for animal healthcare products, such as feed additives, pharmaceuticals, and vaccines. Production Animal Segment Accounts for Higher Demand  FMI’s report has broadly segmented the animal healthcare market into production animal and companion animal. Between these, demand for healthcare products and services is higher from the production animal segment. Production animal healthcare revenues totalled nearly $21.8 billion in 2015 vis-à-vis $11.7 billion of companion animals. Feed Additives Segment Worth $15.7 Billion in 2015 The key product categories that account for bulk of the revenues in the animal healthcare market are feed additives, pharmaceuticals, and vaccines. Among these, demand for feed additives is the highest, with global revenues totalling $15.7 billion in 2015. By 2020, feed additives are forecasted to account for nearly 48% revenues of the global animal healthcare market. Request Free Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-431 US, China, and France Among the Largest Markets FMI’s report has analysed the animal healthcare market in North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and Middle East and Africa. North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific account for nearly 88% revenues of the global market. The US, China, Japan, France, Germany, and the U.K. are among the most lucrative markets for companies operating in the animal healthcare landscape. The North America animal healthcare market was valued at $11.3 billion in 2015, of which the U.S. accounted for nearly $9.2 billion. FMI’s report forecasts the market to increase at 4.5% CAGR through 2020 to reach $14.1 billion in revenues. The Europe animal healthcare market was valued at $9.6 billion in 2015; it is estimated to expand at 4.7% CAGR through 2020 and total $12.2 billion in revenues. France is the largest market for animal healthcare products and services in Europe, accounting for $1.9 billion in revenues in 2015. FMI’s report forecasts Turkey to be the fastest growing country in the Europe animal healthcare market. The Asia Pacific animal healthcare market was valued at $8.3 billion in 2015, and FMI estimates it to expand at 6.2% CAGR through 2020. China is the most lucrative country in the Asia Pacific animal healthcare market, and is expected to expand at the fastest CAGR in Asia Pacific. By 2020, China is expected to represent nearly 62% market share. Send An Enquiry@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-431 Animal Healthcare Market: Key Players Some of the leading players operating in the pharmaceutical & vaccine segment of animal healthcare market include Bayer Healthcare AG, Merck & Co., Inc. (Intervet), Virbac S.A, Eli Lilly and Company (Elanco/Novartis), Vetoquinol SA, Zoetis, Inc. (Pfizer), Ceva Santé Animale, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Nutreco N.V. and Sanofi S.A. (MERIAL Limited). Major animal feed additive manufacturers include Cargill Inc. (Provimi), Koninklijke DSM N.V., ADM Alliance Nutrition, and Evonik Industries AG. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAnimal Healthcare Market, Animal Healthcare Market Share, Companies, company, Google News, Industry, Machinery, major, Markets Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Company Launched to Connect Health Plans and Eye Care Providers, Helping Deliver Care to Patients with Chronic Disease Next PostNext Ultrapetrol (Bahamas) Limited Initiates Prepackaged Chapter 11 Proceedings Pursuant to Restructuring Support Agreements Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Saturday, 11 Feb 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Saturday, 11 Feb 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan The Express Tribune > Pakistan   Trump takes drugs for hair-loss, reveals physician Share Tweet Trump takes drugs for hair-loss, reveals physician Studie­s find 96% of men who had used the drug contin­ued to suffer from side-effect­s, includ­ing anxiet­y and depres­sion By News Desk Published: February 7, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email US President Donald Trump. PHOTO: AFP US President Donald Trump is taking a prescription drug with potentially threatening side effects. While speaking to the New York Times, Trump’s personal physician Dr Harold N Bornstein revealed that the president was taking additional drugs: an antibiotic to control a minor skin condition that causes redness called rosacea and Finasteride – a prostrate drug often taking for hair loss. UK speaker says opposed to allowing Trump to address parliament In 2015, Dr Bornstein declared that, “If elected, Mr Trump, I can state unequivocally, will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency.” Followed by a peculiar  four-paragraph letter detailing Trump’s medical prescriptions: daily dose of aspirin, cholesterol and lipids drugs, and an appendectomy at the age of 10. The second letter, however, stated that Trump got his appendectomy at age 11 not 10. Released a year later, the medical letter stuck to the same prescription drugs. US President Donald J Trump. PHOTO: REUTERS What is Finasteride? It is a prescription drug to combat male-pattern baldness. Marketed as Propecia, the drug was first approved for prostrate treatment in 1992, half a decade later it was re-approved as a treatment for hair-loss despite research suggesting potential side effects as sexual dysfunction. A 2012 study found 96% of the men who had used the finasteride, continued to suffer from the side-effects after treatment. Another study associated suicidal tendencies as a possible side-effect while a research published in 2013 showed symptoms of anxiety and depression in finasteride patients – abnormal neuroactive steroid levels and heightened testosterone. Thousands protest in US, Europe over Trump travel ban The Washington Post reported that Merck, a company which sells finasteride, has approximately 1,370 lawsuits filed against it for sexual side effects. While it unclear why the details of this prescription drug was not released before in the official letters, or whether there are more unhidden details about Trump’s medical history, the mystery behind the president’s hair has been deciphered! This article originally appeared on the Independent.  Read more: Trump , Trump Hair Read full story Recommended Stories US court rejects plea seeking immediate reinstatement of Trump travel ban Trump administration lodged the request against a lower court order temporarily suspending the travel ban German magazine sparks furore with image of Trump beheading Statue of Liberty It depicts a cartoon figure of Trump with a bloodied knife and the statue's head dripping with blood Iran says unlike what Trump thinks, nuclear deal is a 'win-win' accord New US president reads text of nuclear deal but cannot accept it, says President Hassan Rouhani Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 iPhone users can now use WhatsApp 'without Internet' 2 Mohammad Irfan under investigation but not suspended yet 3 UK sex gang members face deportation to Pakistan 4 10 hidden WhatsApp features you didn't know existed 5 PCB suspends Islamabad United duo for corruption 6 Pakistan to borrow $600m from China 7 Forget India, profit from ‘quiet rise’ of Pakistan: Barron’s Asia 8 Balu Mahi review: Paisa vasool but stretches too long 9 Former SRK employee spills the beans on superstar 10 Pak Suzuki unveils another imported vehicle - this time the 1.4L Ciaz Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) Fashion Under One Roof Of Gems and WildFlowers Let’s Brunch More in PakistanIranian rock band Kook performs in Pakistan © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? webmaster@tribune.com.pk Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? webmaster@tribune.com.pk facebook twitter whatsapp
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Intrauterine Devices Worldwide Market Research Report by Region, Type, Application and Forecast To 2021 ReportsWeb.com published World Intrauterine Devices Market Research Report 2021from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating i   (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 07, 2017 ) Publisher's Intrauterine Devices market research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving Revenue growth and profitability. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market. The report includes the forecasts, Analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players. Global Intrauterine Devices Market: Product Segment Analysis Hormonal intrauterine device Copper intrauterine device Global Intrauterine Devices Market: Application Segment Analysis For More Information About This Report: http://www.reportsweb.com/world-intrauterine-devices-market-research-report-2021 Global Intrauterine Devices Market: Regional Segment Analysis USA Europe Japan China India South East Asia The Players mentioned in our report Allergan Bayer Eurogine HRA Pharma Medisafe Distribution OCON Medical SMB Merck & Co Besins HealthCare Teva Pharmaceutical Request Sample Copy At: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001589715/sample Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market 2017 by Trends, Growth and Forecast to 2021 ReportsWeb.com published Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market   (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 07, 2017 ) A drug is generally composed of APIs and excipients. Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients are chemical compounds or a combination of compounds that are used primarily to have the desired effect on biological systems. Excipients are inactive ingredients in a drug that are used to disperse APIs. APIs may be synthesized either through chemical or biotechnological methods. Publisher's analysts forecast the global active pharmaceutical ingredients market to grow at a CAGR of 6.61% during the period 2017-2021. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-active-pharmaceutical-ingredients-market-2017-2021 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global active pharmaceutical ingredients market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the sales of APIs in key applications areas of the pharmaceutical industry. The report considers the revenue generated from the sales of cardiovascular drugs, diabetes drugs, central nervous system (CNS) drugs, oncology drugs, and others. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Aurobindo Pharma -Cipla -Dr. Reddy's Laboratories -Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited -Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001502515/sample . Other prominent vendors -Abbott Laboratories -Albemarle -Amgen -BASF -Biocon -Boehringer Ingelheim -Bristol-Myers Squibb -CIRON Drugs & Pharmaceuticals -Dishman Pharmaceuticals and Chemicals -Emcure Pharmaceuticals -Ipca Laboratories -Johnson Matthey -Guilin Pharmaceutical -Johnson & Johnson -Lonza Group -Merck -Novartis -Pfizer -Roche Market driver -Strong focus on HPAPI -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Government regulations -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Growing influence of key markets -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001502515/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Market Study on Expected Growth for Cancer Vaccines Market Market Study on Expected Growth for Cancer Vaccines Market Posted on February 7, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases According to World Health Organization, approximately 8.2 million deaths are reported in the year of 2012 due to cancer. New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 02/06/2017 — Cancer (also called as malignant tumor or neoplasms) refers to the disease condition in which abnormal cells grow and invade in uncontrolled way to other tissues. This may lead to an uncontrolled spread of cancer tumors in the body. These cancer tumors are benign or malignant type. Benign tumors are non-cancerous and do not spread to other parts of the body. Malignant tumors spread throughout the body through lymph and blood. There are more than 100 types of cancers and most of them are named based on the organ or types of the cell where they occur. For example, thyroid cancer refers to the cancer of thyroid gland, pancreatic cancer is the cancer in the tissue of pancreas and lung cancer refers to the cancer in the tissue of lungs. Cancer vaccines enables to prevent the growth of cancer or reduce the risk of an individual. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/5405 According to World Health Organization, approximately 8.2 million deaths are reported in the year of 2012 due to cancer. Also, it is predicted that annual cancer cases will rise to 14 million to 22 million in next two decades. In addition, it is stated by National Cancer Institute that there are approximately 1,660,290 cases reported in the United States in year 2013. These increasing incidences of cancer cases drives the market of cancer vaccines during the forecast period. The major driving factor of cancer vaccines is that these are low cost treatment as compared to the high cost cancer therapies which are commercially available. Moreover, increasing use of tobacco, alcohol and unhealthy dietary habits are leading risk factors for increasing number of cancer cases that will further propel the growth of cancer vaccines market. However, less number of commercially available vaccines for the treatment of cancer might restrain the market growth. Geographically, North America and Europe dominates the global cancer vaccines market due to large patient base and rise in treatment seeking population in these regions. Also, with the rise in geriatric population the number of people diagnosed with cancer also increases that ultimately impacts the growth of cancer vaccines in these markets. The market of cancer vaccines in Asia-Pacific holds a strong growth as there is a rise in total number of newly diagnosed patient population in this region. According to World Health Organization, 60% of the world's annual cases occur in Africa, Asia and South America. Various key players dominating the global cancer vaccines market comprises Biogen Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Roche Inc. and others. To View TOC of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/5405 Key geographies evaluated in this report are: North America U.S Canada Europe France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the UK Eastern Europe CIS APAC China India Japan Australia Others Latin America Argentina Brazil Others For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/market-study-on-expected-growth-for-cancer-vaccines-market-767632.htm Media Relations Contact Rahul Singh Marketing Manager Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd Telephone: 800-961-0353 Email: Click to Email Rahul Singh Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/cancer-vaccines-market.asp Latest News Mazzitti & Sullivan Counseling Services Launches New Website Introducing the First Guitar Stand ​That Fits in the Palm of Your Hand Cablefax is Now Accepting Entries for The FAXIES Awards; Entry Deadline March 3 A’ Photography Awards 2017 is Looking for Photographers with Outstanding Works who are Aiming at Getting Global Fame and Recognition Paso Robles Plumber Quality 1st Plumbing Announces Special Discount For Local Veterans Pixel Film Studios Announces TransFocus Layers for Final Cut Pro X Vernon Computer Source Offering $2,000 Scholarship National Debt Relief Explains When Debt Consolidation Is A Good And Bad Idea Uncorked Wine Tours Releases “Top Paso Robles Wine Tour Stops” List for 2017 Credit2B Announces Addition of Chief Product Officer © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
