Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search Allergic Rhinitis Drugs Market Forecast 2016-2026 News provided by Reportlinker Nov 02, 2016, 18:14 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Nov. 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Analysis of the Current Trend and Pipeline Opportunities in the Intranasal Antihistamines, Intranasal Corticosteroids, Oral Antihistamines, and Immunotherapy and Vaccines Markets, Including Current Products such as Patanase, Dymista, Nasonex, Allegra, and Staloral with Assessment of Key Companies in the Allergic Rhinitis Market Including GSK and Merck & Co. Report Details What can be expected from the Allergic Rhinitis Drugs Market? Which areas are going to grow at the fastest rates? This visiongain report shows you potential revenues to 2026, assessing data, trends, opportunities and prospects. Our 240-page report provides 173 tables, charts, and graphs. Discover the most lucrative areas in the industry and the future market prospects. Our new study lets you assess forecasted sales across the all the major categories of the allergic rhinitis drugs market. You will see financial results, trends, opportunities, and revenue predictions. There is much opportunity in this fast moving market. Forecasts from 2016-2026 and other analyses show you commercial prospects Besides revenue forecasting to 2026, our new study provides you with recent results, growth rates, and market shares. Discover qualitative analyses (including SWOT and Porter's Five Forces analysis) and commercial developments. See revenue forecasts for the leading submarkets and indications How will submarkets perform to 2026? Our study forecasts revenues in the following Allergic Rhinitis Drugs submarkets: • Intranasal Anthistamines • Intranasal Corticosteroids • Oral Antihistamines • Immunotherapy and Vaccines See detailed profiles or revenue forecasts for some the leading products in the market How will leading drugs perform to 2026? Our study provides detailed profiles or forecasts revenues for a number of drugs in the allergic rhinitis drugs market including: • Patanase • Astepro • Astelin • Dymista • Nasonex • Avamys • Veramyst • Flixonase • Rhinocort • Omnaris • Nasacort • Beconase • Qnasl • Zetonna • Allegra • Zyrtec • Claritin • Xyzal • Allelock • Clarinex • Ebastel • Talion • Staloral • Alutard SQ • Grazax • Ragwitek See revenue forecasts for the leading international markets How will leading national and regional markets perform to 2026? Our study forecasts revenues in national markets including products, including: • US • EU5 – Germany, UK, France, Italy and Spain • China • Japan • India • Russia • Brazil Leading companies and potential for market growth Visiongain forecasts overall revenue for the Allergic Rhinitis Drugs Market will reach $16,500m in 2026. We predict a high revenue growth over the forecast period driven by an urbanisation, climate change, increasing patient expectations and a higher incidence of allergic rhinitis symptoms, rapid growth of emerging economies and emerging allergic rhinitis drug technologies. Our work analyses the key companies in the market. See visiongain's analysis of six leading companies, including these: • GSK • Merck & Co • Sanofi • Johnson & Johnson • ALK-Abello • UCB • Kyowo Hako Kirin • Stallergenes Greer A company profile gives you the following information where available: • Discussion of a company's activities and outlook • Historic revenue, analysis and discussion of company performance • Analysis of major products currently on the market • Acquisitions and strategic partnerships Discover capabilities, progress, and commercial prospects, helping you stay ahead. What issues will affect the allergic rhinitis drugs industry? Our new report discusses issues and events affecting the allergic rhinitis drugs market. You will find discussions, including qualitative analyses: • Highly competitive market with significant variations in different geographic regions • Changing political and regulatory landscape changing the prospects of future products and reimbursement opportunities • Future paradigm-shifting pipeline products • Patent expirations and invalidations of major drugs • Launches of new drug categories You will see discussions of technological, commercial, and economic matters, with emphasis on the competitive landscape and business outlooks. Allergic Rhinitis Drugs Market Forecast 2016-2026: Analysis of the Current Trend and Pipeline Opportunities in the Intranasal Antihistamines, Intranasal Corticosteroids, Oral Antihistamines, and Immunotherapy and Vaccines Markets, Including Current Products such as Patanase, Dymista, Nasonex, Allegra, and Staloral with Assessment of Key Companies in the Allergic Rhinitis Market Including GSK and Merck & Co. In summary, our 240-page report gives you the following knowledge: • Revenue forecasts to 2026 for the Allergic Rhinitis Drugs market – discover the industry's prospects, finding promising places for investments and revenues • Revenue forecasts to 2026 for each major submarket – discover prospects for leading allergic rhinitis drugs in the following areas: intranasal corticosteroids, intranasal antihistamines, oral antihistamines, and immunotherapy and vaccines. • Detailed profiles or revenue forecasts to 2026 for 25 of the leading products in the allergic rhinitis drugs market – discover prospects for leading allergic rhinitis drugs: Patanase, Astepro, Astelin, Dymista, Nasonex, Avamys, Veramyst, Fixonase, Rhinocort, Omnaris, Nasacort, Beconase, Qnasl, Zetonna, Allegra, Zyrtec, Claritin, Xyzal, Allelock, Clarinex, Ebastel, Talion, Staloral, Alutard SQ, Grazax, Ragwitek. • Revenue forecasts to 2026 for eleven leading national markets and one leading regional markets – US, EU5, China, Japan, India, Russia, and Brazil. • Assessment of eight leading companies – analysis of products, revenue, mergers & acquisitions, product type and product pipelines • Discussion of what stimulates and restrains companies and the market • Prospects for established firms and those seeking to enter the market You will find quantitative and qualitative analyses with independent predictions. You will receive information that only our report contains, staying informed with this invaluable business intelligence. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04268696-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/allergic-rhinitis-drugs-market-forecast-2016-2026-300356346.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 17:24 ETElectrically Conductive Adhesives 2016-2026 : Technologies,... 17:19 ETElectric Vehicle Traction Motors, Belt Driven & Integrated... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Allergic Rhinitis Drugs Market Forecast 2016-2026 News provided by Reportlinker Nov 02, 2016, 18:14 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Sign in Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Monday, November 14, 2016 Sign in / Join Archives About Ghana Forums Contact Us Radio LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password News Ghana Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Home Health Merck To Uplift Women Cancer Survivors Health Merck To Uplift Women Cancer Survivors Merck kicks off “Merck More than a Patient” as part of Merck Cancer Access Program in Africa. Nov 2, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet “Merck More than a Patient” aims to uplift women cancer survivors to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy. “Merck more than a Patient” aims to raise awareness about Cancer and tackling myths and stigma associated with the disease with special focus on women. Merck (MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, today announced the kick off of “Merck More than a Patient” which is a new initiative of “Merck Cancer Access Program” in Africa. Merck in partnership with “Women for Cancer” started this initiative with the aim to empower women cancer survivors in Africa through supporting them to establish their own small business so that they can lead an independent and productive life. Merck will also help in raising awareness about Cancer prevention and early detection and tackling the myths and stigma associated with the disease with special focus on women. “I am very happy that “Merck More than a Patient” has this positive impact on these women’s lives. Therefore, this initiative will be launched in other African countries in 2017. Through our collaboration with cancer patients associations and cancer institutions across Africa, we aim to help uplift women cancer survivors to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy – and by doing so, they can now give back to the society through their new businesses. They will become more than cancer patients. In addition to our efforts to raise awareness about early detection and prevention specially addressing Cancer in Women” says Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer of Merck Healthcare. Benda Kithaka and Co-Founder and Chairperson of”Women for Cancer” emphasized: “We are grateful to Merck for the continued support towards “Women 4 Cancer” survivors and our recent collaboration through the “Merck More than a Patient” initiative. The cancer patients are also appreciative that Merck is assisting them to make strides in gaining financial independence beyond their cancer survivorship. Merck will also help raising awareness about Cancer and tackling myths and stigma associated with the disease, I am hoping we can together empower our communities to access accurate cancer information, which should result in behaviour change coupled with adoption of health seeking behaviour for quality cancer prevention and care”. Read about The women cancer survivors: “Merck More than a Patient” empowers Rose Chiedo, a cervical cancer survivor – read her story … Rose Atieno Chiedo, a 46 year old mother of one who lives in Nairobi, Kenya, is a cervical cancer survivor. Rose used to make and sell samosas before her cancer diagnosis and after her recovery she started to make jewellery in a small scale to cover some of her needs. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Rose to expand her jewellery business enabling her to generate a better and steady income to meet her needs and re-build her life. Below is Rose’s story before and after meeting “Merck More than a Patient.” Rose used to complain of lower backaches and suffered from spotting. She went to Kenyatta National Hospital in Nairobi for further investigation where she found out that she had cervical cancer Stage 2B. “When I was diagnosed with cancer in July 2013 the first thing that came to my mind was death,” Rose says as she narrates her painful journey. “Basically that is what anyone would think. People have a negative attitude towards cancer. The perception is that it cannot be treated” Rose added. Rose corrected the misconception about Cancer saying “Some people think Cancer is as a result of a curse or witchcraft. The truth, Cancer is NOT caused by witchcraft. Although some cancers run in the family and others result from exposure to certain chemicals and infections, many cancers may be due to preventable behavior and dietary risk factors. Many think that once diagnosed with cancer, one can only expect death. The truth is Cancer is NOT a death sentence. One can have good quality of life after cancer diagnosis, they need to seek treatment early, follow medical advice and join a cancer support group. Paying attention to signs and symptoms increases the chance and benefits of early detection and treatment; including better recovery and more affordable treatment costs.” Rose added “I shared the news with my brother and he was shocked. He became very worried about my health and where the money to cater for my treatment would come from as we are orphans. There was no one who could help me other than him. It was a big blow to him because he knew the whole burden would be on him of which he actually took up,” Rose explains. Sad journey of treatment: “From the beginning to the end of my treatment it was just sad because I didn’t have money and I was depending on someone else for support. Before my illness, I used to sell samosas (a fried flour shell filled with minced meat or vegetables and spices) at that time at Ksh 5 per piece. So for 100 samosas I would get Ksh 500 (USD 5) in a day. But I was not able to manage the business as I would get weak and they are very heavy to carry and deliver for customers. So I stopped the business,” Rose says sadly. Rose was able to get treatment (radiotherapy and chemotherapy) in March 2014 after waiting for eight months. In August of the same year there was a recurrence and Rose had to go for further treatment. Women4Cancer a charitable organisation in Kenya supported her to cover her treatment in 2015. Speaking of her treatment Rose says: “The queues are so long at the hospital. It seems like one is fighting a losing battle. But I realized it was not a losing battle when I finished my treatment. And that is when I started fighting to survive.” After recovery, Rose has been making jewellery but on a very small scale to sell and support herself and other needy women. Rose had a dream to expand the business and train other women to generate income so that they become productive members in society. Rose’s jewellery business expanded: “Merck More than a Patient” is a new initiative of Merck Cancer Access Program with the aim to empower women cancer survivors to re-build their shattered lives after the devastating cancer experience. It will help them to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy,” says Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Rose to expand her jewellery business. Moreover, it has enrolled her in the Kenya Chamber of Commerce – Women in Business body, which will help her network with other entrepreneurial women, thus giving her a platform to generate even more business. “What Merck has done is really going to help me to improve my business from small-scale to large-scale. I make my jewelry at home and sell it to my neighbors and friends. This business is something I can do at my convenience. I can carry the beads wherever I am going and I can sit anywhere and do my bead work,” Rose says with confidence and joy. “I would really want to thank “Merck More than a Patient” and really appreciate them because this will help me to improve my life and will also enable me to use better quality materials because I can now be able to afford to buy them,” Rose adds. I am not a patient anymore. I am a survivor and I am a victor! Rose concludes. “Merck More than a Patient” empowers Esther Muthike, a cervical cancer survivor – Read her story Esther Wakabari Muthike is a 75 year old widow from Kirinyaga in eastern Kenya and is a cancer survivor. Her husband passed away 25 years ago. Before she fell ill, Esther was a farmer who also reared cows for milk. She had to sell her cow to cater for her cancer treatment expenses. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Esther to get a cow from which she is able to get milk to sell to cover her needs. This has enabled Esther to get a steady income to become independent and re-build her life. Below is Esther’s story before and after meeting “Merck More than a Patient.” Esther found out that she had cervical cancer in May 2015 at a medical camp organised by Women4Cancer. She was referred to Kenyatta National Hospital for further investigations and treatment in July 2015. She started radiotherapy and chemotherapy in September 2015 and finished treatment in November 2015. “When I was told I had cancer, I knew I would die even if I was being treated. The doctors told us that cancer is incurable,” Esther says. Stigmatised by family and community for having cancer: The cancer patients are also appreciative that Merck is assisting them to make strides in gaining financial independence beyond their cancer survivorship Esther explains how she was stigmatised by her family and community: “When people heard that I had cancer, they told me to sell all my property because the disease is incurable. People in the community avoided me because they thought I would infect them with cancer. It is only one of my daughters – Susan who stood by me. She is the only one who used to wash my clothes. I had a foul smell and so people avoided me. I could not even go to visit my neighbours either. I could only visit Susan my daughter.” “I used to be a small-scale farmer and I also had a cow that provided me and family with milk to sell some for an income. But I had to sell my cow when I fell ill with cancer. My daughter also sold her goats to help with the expenses,” Esther explains. Esther also stopped farming for a while due to the health issues and treatment procedures. However, after treatment, she went back to farming and hoped for help to buy a cow that would enable her to generate a steady income from the sale of milk to cater for her needs. Esther empowered and independent again: “Merck more than a Patient” initiative aims to empower women cancer survivors in Africa. This initiative has supported Esther to buy a cow to replace the one she sold to cover her treatment and to enable her to meet her needs and become independent again,” says Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. “Merck has really changed my life by giving me a cow. I now feel better. I now get milk to drink and sell. I have money in my hands from the sale of the milk. Previously I was not getting any money. I have named this cow Wambui because of its beauty. Before I used to borrow milk from my neighbours. But now I am enjoying milk from Wambui. Since I got Wambui, I pray for Merck every day that they bless others the way they have blessed me. I am a victor, I am not sick anymore,” Esther says with a smile. “Merck More than a Patient” empowers Margaret Njenga, a cervical cancer survivor – Read her story Margaret Wanjiku Njenga is a cervical cancer survivor from Kiambu, Kenya. Margaret who is 47 years old is married with six children. She was diagnosed with cancer in August 2013 at a medical camp run by Women4Cancer. She was an active business woman who used to make and sell soap and disinfectants to schools. She also had a cow whose milk she used to sell. She could not continue with the business after she fell ill and she also had to sell her cow. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Margaret to get a cow which is about to give birth and she will have two. Margaret will be able to get a steady income from the sale of milk and be able to educate her children. Below is Margaret’s story before and after meeting “Merck More than a Patient.” Margaret explains: “My mother was diagnosed with cervical cancer in 2010. My sisters and I were advised to go for regular cancer screenings as we could also get it as it could be in our genes. I was screened four times and the doctors kept saying they could see something. In each of these times I was given medication. I went for a fifth check-up and the results showed an anomaly. I was advised to go to hospital and I was diagnosed with cancer.” Diagnosed with cancer and stops doing business and farming: At the hospital, Margaret was told she would need to have her uterus removed. “I went home and told my husband that I had cancer. Remembering how much pain my late mother had gone through and the amount of money she had spent on treatment and she still died, I told him it would be better to have my uterus removed so that I can raise my children,” she explains. “It didn’t mean that I would not die but I would have a few more years to live,” she adds. “I would lock myself in the house after my children go school. I would think a lot and cry. I always saw myself dying. Who would take care of my children? I asked myself. My heart was very troubled,” Margaret narrates sadly. “Before I became sick I used to make and sell home-made soap. I would go to schools to look for orders to supply them with the soap. I also started supplying the schools with toilet disinfectant. When I was diagnosed with cancer, I had to stop this job as it required walking long distances,” says Margaret. “A friend who also had her uterus removed loaned me Ksh 10,000 (USD 100) to book for treatment at the hospital. I also had a cow whose milk I used to sell. I had to sell my cow so that I could raise money for my treatment as I did not have the Ksh 30,000 (USD 300) required for the treatment all at once. I was also too stressed such that I could not work,” Margaret adds. Margaret empowered and uplifted: When Margaret came from hospital she was unable to continue with the business she used to do before and they were struggling financially as a family. Their children were sent away from school for lack of fees as the money was not enough as she still had to buy medicine. “Merck More than a Patient” is a new initiative of Merck Cancer Access Program with the aim to empower women cancer survivors to re-build their shattered lives after the devastating cancer experience. It will help them to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy,” says Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. Merck through “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Margaret to buy a cow that will enable her financially through selling milk. “I am very happy because “Merck More than a Patient” has come to my aid and bought me a cow that will help me to continue raising my children. They have uplifted me and I am very happy and may God bless them,” Margaret says with joy. “My cow has a few days before it gives birth. I might be lucky and get a heifer and I will have two cows. From this I will get more milk, have enough to drink and to sell and more money to educate my children. I can now move on with my life and with a grateful heart. We have named the cow Joy because of the joy it has brought back to this home. Merck has really uplifted me and now my life is moving on as I had hoped. I feel strong and able to continue with my life,” Margaret says with satisfaction. “Merck more than a Patient” empowers Loise Njenga, a cervical cancer survivor – Read her story Loise Wambui Kimani from Dagoretti, Nairobi was diagnosed with cervical cancer in August 2015. Loise who is 45 years and is married with five children has been struggling to take care of her family ever since as she had to stop working as a house help for a living. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Loise to establish a shop from which she is able to get a steady income to cater for her needs and that of her family. Below is Loise’s story before and after meeting “Merck More than a Patient.” “I used to work as a house-help and used to be paid Ksh 6,000 (USD 60) per month which helped me cater for my children’s needs. When I was diagnosed with cancer I continued working but had to stop as I could not cope with the work load,” Loise explains. “I heard that anyone with cancer dies. I imagined I would die. I was in shock. I told my friends I had cancer but most of them told me when you have cancer you don’t live for long that someone just dies. I thought my life had come to an end,” Loise says. Rejected by community and life becomes hard: “People around me rejected me and thought I would infect them with cancer,” Loise says with sadness. “I eventually had my uterus removed and started radiotherapy in January 2016. When I came back home from the hospital, life became very hard. My husband became the sole breadwinner unlike before when we used to help each other. Our combined income used to help sustain the family,” she adds. Loise empowered and is now a victor: Merck through “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Loise establish a shop which is giving her a steady income and enabling her to take care of her family’s needs. “Merck has been very helpful because they have opened a shop for me and I am already enjoying the benefits. This shop is helping me to bring up my children and now I am able to help my husband,” Loise says with a smile. “I would like Merck to continue helping other cancer survivors because the disease is financially draining and when Merck comes in to help the burden becomes lighter. I thank them because they have done great things and God bless them very much. I am doing well, I am healed and I am a victor,” she says. “Merck More than a Patient initiative aims to empower women cancer survivors by helping them to establish a small business in order to generate a steady income to cater for their needs and enable them to re-build their lives,” says Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer Merck Healthcare. Source: NewsGhana.com.gh Do you have more to share about this story - photos or video etc - you can send them to: (newsghana101@gmail.com) TAGS Merck Merck Cancer Access Program in Africa Merck More than a Patient raise awareness about Cancer and tackling myths and stigma women cancer survivors SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleC.E.M Holds Business Expo Next articleCODE Leaves For US To Monitor Presidential Elections Admin RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR UN asks people with diabetes to pay attention to eye protection Study identifies health risks of “repetitive thought” about work-family conflict Public Urged To Make Hand Washing A Habit LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Get more stuff like this in your inbox Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox. we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously Recent Posts APEC 2016: Chinese rank No. 1 in business and investment Real Madrid takes Campus Experience to Cuba Putin and Trump ready to improve Russia-U.S. ties Trump is committed to NATO – Obama We need globalization that will works for all – Theresa May BREAKING NEWS Nov. 13 major Zambian media outlets Nov. 13 major South African media outlets Nov. 13 major Kenyan media outlets Nov. 13 major Ethiopian media outlets ABOUT USNews Ghana is Ghana’s leading online news publication for business executives in West Africa and around the continent. Tel: +233 23 497 2832 Contact us: newsghana101@gmail.com FOLLOW US Home Advertising About Us About Ghana Contact Us Partners Privacy & Cookies © 2014 News Ghana
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MEDIVIR AKTIE»Medivir Strengthens Its Clinical Pipeline by Entering into Agreement to Acquire a Portfolio of Clinical Stage Oncology Programs MEDIVIR AB 7,23  Euro -0,141 -1,91 % WKN: 903662  ISIN: SE0000273294 Ticker-Symbol: MVR  Frankfurt | 14.11.16 | 15:38 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheBiotechnologie AktienmarktSonstige 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 7,264 7,411 14.11. 02.11.2016 | 21:52 (31 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Medivir Strengthens Its Clinical Pipeline by Entering into Agreement to Acquire a Portfolio of Clinical Stage Oncology Programs Regulatory News: Medivir AB (Nasdaq Stockholm: MVIR) today announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire two clinical stage oncology programs from Tetralogic Pharmaceuticals Corporation (Nasdaq: TLOG), advancing and expanding its clinical pipeline. The acquisition includes remetinostat, a skin-directed HDAC inhibitor, and birinapant, a bivalent SMAC mimetic, and all intellectual property and data associated with Tetralogic's HDAC inhibitor and SMAC mimetic projects. Remetinostat Clinical Program Remetinostat is a topical, skin-directed inhibitor of histone deacetylases (HDACs) and has a strong link to Medivir's existing expertise in protease inhibition. The compound was designed to effectively inhibit HDACs within cutaneous lesions, but to be rapidly broken down in the bloodstream, preventing the side effects associated with systemically administered HDAC inhibitors. Remetinostat is currently in a late phase II program aimed to treat early stage cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL), a chronic, orphan hematologic cancer that presents in the skin. There are few drugs available for the treatment of the disease, and those currently available have generally poor tolerability. As a result, patients are in need of safe and effective new treatment options which remetinostat may represent. The estimated addressable market for early-stage CTCL in the US alone is approximately USD 900m annually. Medivir currently plans to start a phase III trial with remetinostat in the second half of 2017. Birinapant Clinical Program Birinapant is a bivalent, second mitochondrial activator of caspases (SMAC) mimetic that binds cellular inhibitor of apoptosis proteins (cIAPs) and induces their degradation. cIAPs are part of the ubiquitin proteasome system, and birinapant therefore ties in well to Medivir's existing interests in modulators of protein ubiquitination. Medivir currently plans to start two different clinical studies with birinapant: A phase I study in combination with KeytrudaTM(pembrolizumab), a PD-1 inhibitor from Merck Co., Inc. (MSD outside of the US and Canada, "MSD"), in patients with solid tumours, subject to transfer to Medivir of the clinical trial agreement between Tetralogic and MSD and receipt of KeytrudaTMsupply. Preclinical studies have shown that SMAC mimetics such as birinapant are able to enhance the response of T-cells to tumour antigens, and the objective of the planned phase I study is to investigate the safety of the combination and the potential of birinapant to enhance response rates seen with KeytrudaTMalone. PD-1 inhibitors such as KeytrudaTMare immuno-oncology products that have substantially improved treatment outcomes for patients with solid tumours. Revenues of PD-1 inhibitors as reported by MSD and Bristol-Myers Squibb in the last twelve months have totalled approximately USD 3.2b. The PD-1 inhibitor market is expected to continue to grow from increasing use and expansion of the number of indications for which they are approved. A phase II program, to investigate birinapant in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy for the treatment for high-grade serous carcinomas (HGSCs), including ovarian cancer, in collaboration with clinical investigators at UCLA. The UCLA team have identified that platinum-resistant cells in HGSCs are highly susceptible to birinapant-platinum co-therapy in approximately half of patients, and have developed a bioassay to enable patient selection. High-grade serous carcinomas are tumours that are believed to be derived from cells in the fallopian tube and can present as ovarian, endometrial, tubal or peritoneal cancer. The majority of ovarian cancer cases are high-grade serous carcinomas and these patients have a very poor survival rate. The ovarian cancer market size overall is estimated to be USD 840m, with those patients resistant to platinum treatments representing the group with highest unmet need. Financial Consideration and Third-Party Arrangements The acquisition has been structured to provide an upfront cash payment, but with the majority of financial consideration tied to successful clinical development, regulatory approvals and sales milestones. Medivir will also assume agreements or certain obligations with other third parties, including the MSD agreement regarding KeytrudaTM, subject to confirmation from MSD. The acquisition includes the following potential payments to Tetralogic and other third party licensees: Upfront cash consideration of USD 12m; Remetinostat development milestones through regulatory filings of up to USD 20m; Remetinostat regulatory approval milestones of up to USD 45m; Remetinostat tiered royalties capped at an aggregate of 13%; Additional remetinostat commercialization milestones of up to USD 31m, primarily based on substantial sales achievement levels; Birinapant development milestones and research support of up to USD 20m; Birinapant tiered royalties capped at an aggregate of 10%; and Additional birinapant commercialization milestones of up to USD 110m, primarily based on substantial sales achievement levels. Strategic Overview "This is a transformative transaction for Medivir and an important part of our strategy to expand our pipeline with programs in later stage clinical phases, shifting the balance from research to clinical development. The acquisition enables Medivir to build critical mass in development and secures visible value generation, with expected near-term and continuous news flow from multiple studies. These assets are complementary to our oncology efforts in early phases. Both programs have an excellent fit with the Medivir scientific platforms and we are uniquely positioned to recognize the value of both of Tetralogic's clinical assets," says Niklas Prager, CEO President of Medivir. Richard Bethell, CSO of Medivir continues, "We are excited to have acquired these two projects, both of which have the potential to meaningfully advance the care of cancer patients. Medivir has a track record of discovering and developing drugs that are targeted to specific tissues, so we are well placed to rapidly progress remetinostat for the treatment of early-stage CTCL. Many patients with this disease are urgently in need of new treatments that are both safe and effective. We also believe that birinapant, through its effects on both immune and tumour cells, offers the potential to improve the treatment of a number of different cancers. We look forward to rapidly advancing both of these agents into the next round of clinical studies." Closing Conditions The transaction is subject to confirmation by MSD of agreement transfer to Medivir, the consent of the Tetralogic Senior Noteholders, approval of the Tetralogic shareholders and other customary closing conditions. Medivir expects the transaction to close by year end 2016. Advisors Medivir's legal advisor is Wiggin and Dana LLP. INVITATION TO CONFERENCE CALL AND WEBCAST Medivir will be conducting an analyst and investor conference call/webcast tomorrow 3 November, at 14.30 CET. Niklas Prager CEO, Ola Burmark CFO and Richard Bethell CSO will be presenting and will be available for questions. To join the conference call, please dial: Sweden +46 (0)8 566 426 96 Europe +44 20 300 898 17 USA +1 855 831 5946 The webcast can be accessed on the website: www.medivir.com This information is information that Medivir AB is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the CFO set out above, at 21.30 CET on 2 November 2016. About Medivir Medivir is a research based pharmaceutical company with a research focus on oncology and infectious diseases. We have a leading competence within protease inhibitor design and nucleotide/nucleoside science and we are dedicated to develop innovative pharmaceuticals that meet great unmet medical need. Our commercial organization provides a portfolio of specialty care pharmaceuticals on the Nordic market. Medivir is listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm Mid Cap List. This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161102006786/en/ Contacts: Medivir AB Niklas Prager, CEO and President, +46 8 407 6430 Ola Burmark, CFO, mobile: +46 (0) 725 480 580 Richard Bethell, CSO, mobile +46 (0)72 704 3211 © 2016 Business Wire Nachrichten zu MEDIVIR AB Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Do Medivir ABB reports Q3 results ► Artikel lesen Do Medivir AB - Interim Report, January - September 2016 Regulatory News: Medivir (STO:MVIRB) Financial summary July September 2016 Net turnover totalled SEK 67.8 million (111.5 m), of which SEK 12.4 million (69.0... ► Artikel lesen Do BRIEF-Medivir Q3 loss after tax 50.4 mln SEK ► Artikel lesen 03.11. Medivir agrees to buy two clinical stage oncology programs from Tetralogic ► Artikel lesen 03.11. Medivir: Invitation to Conference Call and Webcast Today 3 November, at 14.30 CET Medivir (STO:MVIRB) will be conducting an analyst and investor conference call/webcast today 3 November, at 14.30 CET. Niklas Prager CEO, Ola Burmark CFO and Richard Bethell CSO will be presenting... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart MEDIVIR AB Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % MEDIVIR AB 7,23 -1,91 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Alzheimer's A decade of deadlock over Alzheimer's treatment may be drawing to a close The next phase of trials for a new Alzheimer’s drug will answer the real question: are brain plaques the root cause of the disease, or just a symptom? “I haven’t heard of anyone who’s got better from Alzheimer’s,” wrote the late Terry Pratchett of his diagnosis in 2008. Nearly a decade on not much has changed for patients. Photograph: Adrian Sherratt/REX Hannah Devlin Science correspondent @hannahdev Wednesday 2 November 2016 14.57 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 2 November 2016 18.00 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger When Terry Pratchett was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s he recalled his wife’s relief that he hadn’t got a brain tumour. “All I could think then was, ‘I know three people who have got better after having a brain tumour. I haven’t heard of anyone who’s got better from Alzheimer’s,’” the late author wrote in 2008. Nearly a decade on, not much has changed for people facing a new diagnosis of Alzheimer’s. Unlike patients with heart disease, cancer or diabetes, there is no well-trodden medical track to follow and no treatments that can slow the disease’s devastating progress. Between 2002 and 2012, 99.6% of drugs studies aimed at preventing, curing or improving Alzheimer’s symptoms were either halted or discontinued. The consistent failure of trials, at vast financial cost to drugs companies, caused many to shut down dementia programmes as a result. The latest trial results from Merck, together with other drugs in the final stage of development, provide hope that the years of deadlock may be drawing to a close. The Merck trial may be preliminary, in the clinical sense, but it represents an entire career’s work for some of the scientists involved. “We’re 16 years into the program,” said Matt Kennedy, the neuroscience director at Merck who led the research. “It’s a good example of how long it takes.” How BACE1 blocking drug could reduce toxic proteins in Alzheimer's patients. The first challenge scientists faced was creating a compound that would get through the blood-brain barrier, without also causing toxic side-effects or damaging healthy structures in the brain. Simply optimising the structure of the compound to do this took a decade, Kennedy said. The latest results appear to show that the scientists got this bit right - the drug appeared to have few side-effects and it substantially lowered levels of toxic amyloid compounds. The real question, which the next phase of the trial should answer, is whether the formation of plaques are a root cause of the disease or simply a visible symptom. Previous drugs aimed at clearing abnormal tangles of proteins from the brain have not been successful, and some argue that by the time the plaques are present irreparable brain damage may have already occurred. It is possible that previous drugs based on the so-called amyloid hypothesis, were given to patients whose disease was too far advanced for them to benefit. Merck hopes that its drug, which acts at an earlier stage in the disease process by shutting down the production of the misshapen proteins rather than clearing them once they appear, will fare better. There is no guarantee that the drug will ultimately make it to market, but in a field that has seen such scant progress, the fact that a major clinical trial is underway is welcome news. Professor John Hardy, a neuroscientist at University College London and pioneer in the study of Alzheimer’s disease, said: “Conveying some excitement isn’t the wrong thing to do in this case.” More analysis Topics Alzheimer's Neuroscience Health Medical research Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Society › Alzheimer's Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home About Us Vision & Mission Contact Us   Search Menu POLITICS OIL & GAS BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT WOMEN ENTERTAINMENT YOUTH EDUCATION BOOKS Trump Promises to Deport Three Million Illegal Immigrants I Will Not Collect Salary – Trump What Donald Trump's Victory Means to the World Dangote Foundation Champions Eradication of Malaria‎ in Nigeria NDIC Warns Nigerians against Wonder Banks UNESCO-MARS to Empower Women in Research on Infectious Diseases, Women Health Nigerian Refineries Perform Below 20% – NNPC Nigerians Now Make More Payments through Electronic Channels Security Challenges in N/Delta over Soon – Kachikwu PenCom Micro Pension Scheme Targets Self-Employed Nigerians Recent Posts Ibn Chambas, Obiano for Realnews Fourth Anniversary Lecture Ondo Guber: Oke Imports Crowd from Lagos, Osun for Rally, APC Alleges Fani-Kayode Released from Prison Authorities Shut Down AAU Indefinitely ASUU to Embark on One Week Warning Strike Okereke Wins YALI Awards African Leaders Pledge to Improve On Emergency, Response FG to Support Growth of Film Industry – Minister Many Feared Killed in Shiite, Police Clash Jigawa to Immunise 1m Children Against Polio Onnoghen May Not be substantive Chief Justice of Nigeria – Fayose German Consulate Encourages Young Entrepreneurs to Engage in Renewable Energy Popular Posts The Many Benefits of Bitter Kola The Many Risks of Slimming Tea The Wonders of Bitter Leaf The Many Benefits of Garden Egg Benefits of Zobo Merck Marks World Diabetes Day with Diabetes Award 2016 Winners Ibn Chambas, Obiano for Realnews Fourth Anniversary Lecture Questra World, Atlantic Global Asset Management Enter Africa Market New Hope for NITEL/MTEL Survival Fani-Kayode Released from Prison I Will Not Collect Salary – Trump $175m Found in Patience Jonathan’s Firm’s Bank Account Pastor Shoots Pastor Dead What Suya Consumers Don’t Know Shell Wins SERAs Awards for CSR Innovations Subscribe to our Newsletter × Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 × CategoriesCategories Select Category #Nigeriadecides  (20) #Statesdecides  (2) #StopLassaFever  (7) #ZikaVirus  (1) 10th AEC Special Coverage  (9) 2013 Women’s Day  (3) 2015 Election  (9) Advertisement  (5) AfDB 2016 Special Coverage  (12) AfDB Special Coverage  (7) Africa  (152) Agriculture  (54) Anniversary  (10) Announcement  (1) Aviation  (24) Award  (38) Banking Briefs  (253) Books  (22) BREAKING NEWS  (4,416) Business  (1,204) Business Briefs  (340) Change of Name  (2) Column  (115) Cover  (196) Cover Box  (15) Crime  (131) Defence  (26) Disasters  (1) Editorial  (1) Editorial Suite  (137) Education  (174) Energy Briefs  (306) Entertainment  (68) Entertainment Briefs  (39) Environment  (105) Environment Briefs  (7) Essay  (37) Events  (14) Executive Chat  (1) Featured  (671) Foreign  (72) From the Editor-in-Chief  (1) Global News Update  (1) Guest Writer  (83) Health  (216) Health Briefs  (2) Interview  (24) Judiciary  (236) Lifestyle  (68) Maritime  (3) Media  (164) Media Briefs  (4) Milestone  (365) News People  (54) Oil & Gas  (551) Opinion  (61) Passage  (62) Political Briefs  (481) Politics  (1,403) Power  (216) Profile  (1) Prologue  (7) Realnews 2nd Anniversary Lecture  (6) Realnews 3rd Anniversary Lecture  (6) Realnews Advert  (1) Realnews Advert Rates  (1) Rejoinder  (2) Religion  (39) Science & Tech  (13) Security  (338) Social Diary  (29) Special Anniversary Edition  (5) Special Centenary Edition  (4) Special Democracy Edition  (1) Special Features  (2) Special Mandela Edition  (5) Special Report  (7) Speeches  (4) Sports  (141) Sports Briefs  (288) Tana Forum on Security in Africa  (4) Travelogue  (2) Tribute  (25) Vox Pop  (48) Winners & Losers  (3) Women  (98) Youth  (63) Merck More than a Patient Initiative Empowers Women Cancer Survivors in Africa –  MERCK has kicked off “Merck More than a Patient” as part of Merck Cancer Access Programme in Africa. “Merck More than a Patient” aims to uplift women cancer survivors to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy. “Merck more than a Patient” aims to raise awareness about Cancer and tackling myths and stigma associated with the disease with special focus on women. Merck, a leading science and technology company, on Wednesday, November 2, announced the kick off of “Merck More than a Patient” which is a new initiative of “Merck Cancer Access Program” in Africa. Merck in partnership with “Women for Cancer” started this initiative with the aim to empower women cancer survivors in Africa through supporting them to establish their own small business so that they can lead an independent and productive life. Merck will also help in raising awareness about Cancer prevention and early detection and tackling the myths and stigma associated with the disease with special focus on women. “I am very happy that “Merck More than a Patient” has this positive impact on these women’s lives. Therefore, this initiative will be launched in other African countries in 2017. Through our collaboration with cancer patients associations and cancer institutions across Africa, we aim to help uplift women cancer survivors to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy – and by doing so, they can now give back to the society through their new businesses. They will become more than cancer patients. In addition to our efforts to raise awareness about early detection and prevention specially addressing Cancer in Women” say Rasha Kelej, chief social officer of Merck Healthcare, said. Benda Kithaka and co-founder and chairperson of “Women for Cancer” emphasised: “We are grateful to Merck for the continued support towards “Women 4 Cancer” survivors and our recent collaboration through the “Merck More than a Patient” initiative. The cancer patients are also appreciative that Merck is assisting them to make strides in gaining financial independence beyond their cancer survivorship. Merck will also help raising awareness about Cancer and tackling myths and stigma associated with the disease, I am hoping we can together empower our communities to access accurate cancer information, which should result in behaviour change coupled with adoption of health seeking behaviour for quality cancer prevention and care.” “Merck More than a Patient” empowers Rose Chiedo, a cervical cancer survivor – read her story … Rose Atieno Chiedo, a 46 year old mother of one who lives in Nairobi, Kenya, is a cervical cancer survivor. Rose used to make and sell samosas before her cancer diagnosis and after her recovery she started to make jewellery in a small scale to cover some of her needs. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Rose to expand her jewellery business enabling her to generate a better and steady income to meet her needs and re-build her life. Chiedo used to complain of lower backaches and suffered from spotting. She went to Kenyatta National Hospital in Nairobi for further investigation where she found out that she had cervical cancer Stage 2B. “When I was diagnosed with cancer in July 2013 the first thing that came to my mind was death,” Chiedo said as she narrated her painful journey. “Basically that is what anyone would think. People have a negative attitude towards cancer. The perception is that it cannot be treated,” Chiedo said. She corrected the misconception about cancer saying: “Some people think cancer is as a result of a curse or witchcraft. The truth, cancer is NOT caused by witchcraft. Although some cancers run in the family and others result from exposure to certain chemicals and infections, many cancers may be due to preventable behaviour and dietary risk factors. Many think that once diagnosed with cancer, one can only expect death. The truth is cancer is NOT a death sentence. One can have good quality of life after cancer diagnosis, they need to seek treatment early, follow medical advice and join a cancer support group. Paying attention to signs and symptoms increases the chance and benefits of early detection and treatment; including better recovery and more affordable treatment costs. “I shared the news with my brother and he was shocked. He became very worried about my health and where the money to cater for my treatment would come from as we are orphans. There was no one who could help me other than him. It was a big blow to him because he knew the whole burden would be on him of which he actually took up.” “From the beginning to the end of my treatment it was just sad because I didn’t have money and I was depending on someone else for support. Before my illness, I used to sell samosas (a fried flour shell filled with minced meat or vegetables and spices) at that time at Ksh 5 per piece. So for 100 samosas I would get Ksh 500 (USD 5) in a day. But I was not able to manage the business as I would get weak and they are very heavy to carry and deliver for customers. So I stopped the business,” Rose said sadly. Rose was able to get treatment (radiotherapy and chemotherapy) in March 2014 after waiting for eight months. In August of the same year there was a recurrence and Rose had to go for further treatment. Women4Cancer a charitable organisation in Kenya supported her to cover her treatment in 2015. Speaking of her treatment Chiedo said: “The queues are so long at the hospital. It seems like one is fighting a losing battle. But I realized it was not a losing battle when I finished my treatment. And that is when I started fighting to survive.” After recovery, Chiedo has been making jewellery but on a very small scale to sell and support herself and other needy women. Chiedo had a dream to expand the business and train other women to generate income so that they become productive members in society. “Merck More than a Patient” is a new initiative of Merck Cancer Access Programme with the aim to empower women cancer survivors to re-build their shattered lives after the devastating cancer experience. It will help them to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy,” Kelej said. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Rose to expand her jewellery business. Moreover, it has enrolled her in the Kenya Chamber of Commerce – Women in Business body, which will help her network with other entrepreneurial women, thus giving her a platform to generate even more business. “What Merck has done is really going to help me to improve my business from small-scale to large-scale. I make my jewellery at home and sell it to my neighbours and friends. This business is something I can do at my convenience. I can carry the beads wherever I am going and I can sit anywhere and do my bead work,” Chiedo said with confidence and joy. “I would really want to thank “Merck More than a Patient” and really appreciate them because this will help me to improve my life and will also enable me to use better quality materials because I can now be able to afford to buy them,” Chiedo added. “I am not a patient anymore. I am a survivor and I am a victor!” Rose concluded. Another cervical cancer survivor is Esther Muthike. Muthike is a 75 year old widow from Kirinyaga in eastern Kenya and is a cancer survivor. Her husband passed away 25 years ago. Before she fell ill, Esther was a farmer who also reared cows for milk. She had to sell her cow to cater for her cancer treatment expenses. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Esther to get a cow from which she is able to get milk to sell to cover her needs. This has enabled Muthike to get a steady income to become independent and re-build her life. Muthike found out that she had cervical cancer in May 2015 at a medical camp organised by Women4Cancer. She was referred to Kenyatta National Hospital for further investigations and treatment in July 2015. She started radiotherapy and chemotherapy in September 2015 and finished treatment in November 2015. “When I was told I had cancer, I knew I would die even if I was being treated. The doctors told us that cancer is incurable,” she said. Muthike disclosed how she was stigmatised by her family and community: “When people heard that I had cancer, they told me to sell all my property because the disease is incurable. People in the community avoided me because they thought I would infect them with cancer. It is only one of my daughters – Susan who stood by me. She is the only one who used to wash my clothes. I had a foul smell and so people avoided me. I could not even go to visit my neighbours either. I could only visit Susan my daughter. “I used to be a small-scale farmer and I also had a cow that provided me and family with milk to sell some for an income. But I had to sell my cow when I fell ill with cancer. My daughter also sold her goats to help with the expenses.” Muthike also stopped farming for a while due to the health issues and treatment procedures. However, after treatment, she went back to farming and hoped for help to buy a cow that would enable her to generate a steady income from the sale of milk to cater for her needs. “Merck more than a Patient” initiative aims to empower women cancer survivors in Africa. This initiative has supported Esther to buy a cow to replace the one she sold to cover her treatment and to enable her to meet her needs and become independent again,” Kelej said. “Merck has really changed my life by giving me a cow.  I now feel better. I now get milk to drink and sell. I have money in my hands from the sale of the milk. Previously I was not getting any money. I have named this cow Wambui because of its beauty. Before I used to borrow milk from my neighbours. But now I am enjoying milk from Wambui. Since I got Wambui, I pray for Merck every day that they bless others the way they have blessed me. I am a victor, I am not sick anymore,” Muthike said with a smile. Another beneficiary of “Merck More than a Patient” is Margaret Njenga, a cervical cancer survivor.  Njenga is a cervical cancer survivor from Kiambu, Kenya. Margaret who is 47 years old is married with six children. She was diagnosed with cancer in August 2013 at a medical camp run by Women4Cancer. She was an active business woman who used to make and sell soap and disinfectants to schools. She also had a cow whose milk she used to sell. She could not continue with the business after she fell ill and she also had to sell her cow. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Margaret to get a cow which is about to give birth and she will have two. Margaret will be able to get a steady income from the sale of milk and be able to educate her children. Njenga explained: “My mother was diagnosed with cervical cancer in 2010. My sisters and I were advised to go for regular cancer screenings as we could also get it as it could be in our genes. I was screened four times and the doctors kept saying they could see something. In each of these times I was given medication. I went for a fifth check-up and the results showed an anomaly. I was advised to go to hospital and I was diagnosed with cancer.” At the hospital, Njenga was told she would need to have her uterus removed. “I went home and told my husband that I had cancer. Remembering how much pain my late mother had gone through and the amount of money she had spent on treatment and she still died, I told him it would be better to have my uterus removed so that I can raise my children,” she explained. “It didn’t mean that I would not die but I would have a few more years to live. “I would lock myself in the house after my children go school. I would think a lot and cry. I always saw myself dying. Who would take care of my children? I asked myself. My heart was very troubled,” Njenga said sadly. She said further: “Before I became sick I used to make and sell home-made soap. I would go to schools to look for orders to supply them with the soap. I also started supplying the schools with toilet disinfectant. When I was diagnosed with cancer, I had to stop this job as it required walking long distances. “A friend who also had her uterus removed loaned me Ksh 10,000 (USD 100) to book for treatment at the hospital. I also had a cow whose milk I used to sell. I had to sell my cow so that I could raise money for my treatment as I did not have the  Ksh 30,000 (USD 300) required for the treatment all at once. I was also too stressed such that I could not work.” When Njenga came from hospital she was unable to continue with the business she used to do before and they were struggling financially as a family. Their children were sent away from school for lack of fees as the money was not enough as she still had to buy medicine. “Merck More than a Patient” is a new initiative of Merck Cancer Access Program with the aim to empower women cancer survivors to re-build their shattered lives after the devastating cancer experience. It will help them to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy,” Kelej said. Merck through “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Margaret to buy a cow that will enable her financially through selling milk. “I am very happy because “Merck More than a Patient” has come to my aid and bought me a cow that will help me to continue raising my children. They have uplifted me and I am very happy and may God bless them,” Njenga said with joy. “My cow has a few days before it gives birth. I might be lucky and get a heifer and I will have two cows. From this I will get more milk, have enough to drink and to sell and more money to educate my children. I can now move on with my life and with a grateful heart. We have named the cow Joy because of the joy it has brought back to this home. Merck has really uplifted me and now my life is moving on as I had hoped. I feel strong and able to continue with my life,” Margaret says with satisfaction. Another lucky one is Loise Wambui Kimani from Dagoretti, Nairobi. She was diagnosed with cervical cancer in August 2015. Loise who is 45 years and is married with five children has been struggling to take care of her family ever since as she had to stop working as a house help for a living. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Kimani to establish a shop from which she is able to get a steady income to cater for her needs and that of her family. “I used to work as a house-help and used to be paid Ksh 6,000 (USD 60) per month which helped me cater for my children’s needs. When I was diagnosed with cancer I continued working but had to stop as I could not cope with the work load,” Kimani explained. “I heard that anyone with cancer dies. I imagined I would die. I was in shock. I told my friends I had cancer but most of them told me when you have cancer you don’t live for long that someone just dies. I thought my life had come to an end,” Kimani said. “People around me rejected me and thought I would infect them with cancer,” Kimani said with sadness. “I eventually had my uterus removed and started radiotherapy in January 2016. When I came back home from the hospital, life became very hard. My husband became the sole breadwinner unlike before when we used to help each other. Our combined income used to help sustain the family,” she added. Merck through “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Kimani establish a shop which is giving her a steady income and enabling her to take care of her family’s needs. “Merck has been very helpful because they have opened a shop for me and I am already enjoying the benefits. This shop is helping me to bring up my children and now I am able to help my husband,” Kimani said with a smile. “I would like Merck to continue helping other cancer survivors because the disease is financially draining and when Merck comes in to help the burden becomes lighter. I thank them because they have done great things and God bless them very much. I am doing well, I am healed and I am a victor,” she said. “Merck More than a Patient initiative aims to empower women cancer survivors by helping them to establish a small business in order to generate a steady income to cater for their needs and enable them to re-build their lives,” Kelej said. —  Nov 2, 2016 @ 18:15 GMT | No Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website     © 2014, Realnews Magazine | All Rights Reserved. POLITICS OIL & GAS BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT WOMEN ENTERTAINMENT YOUTH EDUCATION BOOKS
null
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Presents Phase II Data on the Safety and Efficacy of Atacicept at the 2016 ACR/ARHP Annual Meeti By Published: Nov 2, 2016 9:56 a.m. ET Share Results from phase II investigations of atacicept in systemic lupus erythematosus (abstract numbers:12L and 764) DARMSTADT, Germany, November 2, 2016 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- DARMSTADT, Germany, November 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- R esults from phase II investigations of atacicept in systemic lupus erythematosus (abstract numbers:12L and 764)  Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, a leading science and technology company, today announced that clinical data on atacicept, an investigational drug for systemic lupus erythematosus, are scheduled to be presented in poster sessions at the 2016 American College of Rheumatology/Association of Rheumatology Health Professionals (ACR/ARHP) Annual Meeting taking place from November 11-16, 2016, in Washington, DC, U.S. "There is a significant unmet medical need in systemic lupus erythematosus, with limited treatment options currently available for this debilitating disease," said Luciano Rossetti, Head of Global Research & Development for the biopharma business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. "The safety and efficacy data that will be presented at ACR/ARHP indicate that atacicept may play an important role as a potential new therapeutic option for patients with lupus. Our goal is to continue to advance innovation across our immunology pipeline that could make a meaningful difference for people living with lupus and other autoimmune diseases." Notes to Editors   Accepted Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany-supported abstracts, including a late-breaking poster presentation, are listed below. 

                                                          Presentation    Session
    Title                  Lead Author      Abstract ID   Date / Time     Type/Title


    Late-Breaking Poster
    Presentation

    Efficacy and Safety of Dr. Joan T.      Abstract ID:  Sunday,         Late-breaking
    Atacicept in Patients  Merrill,         12 L          November 13     Abstract Session/
    with Systemic Lupus    Oklahoma,                      9:00 - 11:00    Late-breaking
    Erythematosus: Results Medical Research               AM ET           Poster Session
    of a 24-Week           Foundation,                    Presentation
    Randomized,            Oklahoma                       Time: Tuesday,
    Placebo-Controlled,    City, OK,                      November 15,
    Phase IIb Study        U.S.                           9:00 - 11:00 AM
                                                          ET

    Poster Presentation

    Atacicept: Integrated  Dr. Patricia   Abstract ID:   Sunday,          Poster Session A/
    Safety Profile from    Fraser,        764            November 13,     Systemic Lupus
    Phase II Randomized    EMD Serono                    9:00 - 11:00     Erythematosus -
    Placebo-Controlled     Billerica,                    AM ET            Clinical Aspects
    Studies in Autoimmune  MA, U.S.                                       and Treatment -
    Diseases                                                              Poster Session I:
                                                                          Clinical Trial
                                                                          Design and Current
                                                                          Therapies


 For more information about the data to be presented, please review the ACR/ARHP website. Also, visit Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's booth at this year's Annual Meeting to learn more about the company's commitment to advancing innovation in lupus and other immunological diseases. About Atacicept  Atacicept is a potential treatment for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Atacicept, a recombinant fusion protein, contains the soluble TACI receptor that binds to the cytokines BLyS and APRIL. These cytokines are members of the tumor necrosis factor family that promote B-cell survival and autoantibody production associated with certain autoimmune diseases such as SLE. Atacicept has been shown in animal models to affect several stages of B-cell development and may inhibit the survival of cells responsible for making antibodies. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, acquired exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights for atacicept, including in North America, from Zymogenetics in 2008.   Atacicept is currently under clinical investigation and not approved for any use in the United States, Canada and Europe. About Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE)   Lupus is a chronic inflammatory disease, where the immune system attacks the body's own tissues and organs. Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is the most common form of lupus and can result in swollen, painful joints, skin rash, extreme fatigue and kidney damage. Estimates vary widely, but SLE may affect as many 300,000 patients in the U.S. alone. Women and individuals with African, Asian, and Hispanic heritage are affected disproportionately by SLE. About EMD Serono, Inc.   EMD Serono is the biopharma business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, in the U.S. and Canada - a leading science and technology company - focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has more than 1,100 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. http://www.emdserono.com All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, press releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany  Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of € 12.8 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, holds the global rights to the Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160629/384917LOGO ) SOURCE Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null
× We use cookies to improve your experience. By your continued use of this site you accept such use. About Contact Log In/Signup en fr pt ar Toggle navigation Menu Home Press Offices Sources List Get APO Content Send a press release Advertising Agriculture Art Aviation/Airlines Banking/Finance Books Chemical Computers Defense/Aerospace Education Electricity Entertainment Environment Food/Beverages Health Infectious Diseases Infrastructure Insurance Internet Technology Investment Logistics Maritime Mining Mobile Motoring Movies Music Oil and Gas Pharmaceutical Renewable energy Retail Sport Telecommunications Textile Tobacco Tourism Transport Wood African Development Animals Asia Awards Business Children Economy Energy European Government Events/Media Advisory Foreign Policy Handicapped/Disabled Humanitarian Aid Justice/Legal issues Labour market Not For Profit Oil/Gas discoveries Personnel announcements Religion Trade Urbanism/Cities Water/Sanitation Women Afghanistan Africa Algeria Angola Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Benin Botswana Brazil Burkina Faso Burundi California Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad China Comoros Congo (Republic of the) Cuba Democratic Republic of Congo Denmark Djibouti Egypt Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Finland France Gabon Gambia Germany Ghana Greece Guinea Guinea-Bissau Illinois India Ireland Islamic Republic of Iran Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Jordan Kenya Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Kuwait Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Mali Malta Mauritania Mauritius Middle East MONACO Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zeland Niger Nigeria Norway Portugal Russia Rwanda Sao Tome and Principe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sudan Swaziland Switzerland Tanzania The People's Republic of China Togo Tunisia Turkey Uganda United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Vatican Zambia Zimbabwe _ A New Earth, organic and eco-living store Access Power Action Against Hunger - ACF-UK Action contre la Faim (ACF) Advanced Finance & Investment Group LLC (AFIG Funds) Africa 2.0 Africa Business Forum Africa Finance Corporation (AFC) Africa Initiative for Governance Africa Luxury Hospitality Africa News Latest Africa Oil & Power conference Africa PPP Africa Progress Panel (APP) Africa Regional Media Hub Africa-PPB-EXPO Tanzania 2016 African Alliances for Women Empowerment and Africa Fertility Society African Alliances of Women Empowerment African Blogger Awards African Centre for Justice and Peace Studies (ACJPS) African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights (African Court) African Entrepreneurship Award (AEA) African Innovation Foundation (AIF) African Institute for Mathematical Sciences (AIMS) African Leadership African Leadership Academy (ALA) African Mineral Development Centre African Securities Exchanges Association (ASEA) African Society for Laboratory Medicine (ASLM) African Trade Insurance Agency (ATI) African Union Commission (AUC) African Union Peace and Security Department African Union Sports Council (AUSC) African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) African Viral Hepatitis Summit 2016 AfricanStates.info Afrique Telecom AfroCan Resources Gold Ltd AGCO Corporation Agence de Promotion de l'Investissement Extérieur (FIPA) - Tunisie Agence française de développement (AFD) Aggreko plc Agility Aid & International Development Forum Al Yah Satellite Communications Company PrJSC, "Yahsat" Aleda SAS Aleph Hospitality Ambassade d'Allemagne au Togo Ambassade de France au Cameroun Ambassade de France au Cameroun Ambassade de France au Sénégal Ambassade de France en Algérie Ambassade de France en Guinée et en Sierra Leone Ambassade de l’Etat de Palestine au Sénégal Ambassade de la Republique du Rwanda en France Ambassade des Etats-Unis au Senegal Ambassade des Etats-Unis d'Amérique au Maroc Ambassade du Canada République démocratique du Congo Ambassade du Japon au Burundi American Institutes for Research (AIR) Amnesty International AMPION.org Angola Cables Antoine Glaser APO Appolonia - City of Light Argus Media Aurecon Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Australian Embassy (Union of Comoros & Madagascar) Australian Embassy in Zimbabwe Australian High Commission - Nigeria Australian High Commission in Ghana Australian High Commission in Kenya Australian High Commission in Pretoria, South Africa AviaDev Africa Avon Peaking Power Pty Ltd Bamba Group Bamboo Finance Basic Lead LLC Bayport Management Ltd Bench Events Best Western Hotels & Resorts Better Than Cash BIA Overseas s.a. Bidco Africa Black First Land First Black Opinion BON Cloud Bourse Régionale des Valeurs Mobilières (BRVM) Brand South Africa British Embassy Addis Ababa British Embassy Antananarivo British Embassy Banjul British Embassy Cairo British Embassy Conakry British Embassy Dakar British Embassy Harare British Embassy in Tunis British Embassy Juba British Embassy Khartoum British Embassy Kinshasa British Embassy Luanda British Embassy Mogadishu British Embassy Rabat British High Commission - Lilongwe British High Commission - Lusaka British High Commission - Maputo British High Commission - Yaounde British High Commission Abuja British High Commission Accra British High Commission Dar es Salaam British High Commission Freetown British High Commission Gaborone British High Commission in Seychelles British High Commission Kampala British High Commission Nairobi British High Commission Port Louis British High Commission Pretoria British High Commission Windhoek Bugala Farmers Association Business Journal Cambridge International Examinations Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group CaseWare Africa Caterpillar Inc. CDNetworks Centers for Disease Control & Prevention (CDC) Centre d'Information des Nations Unies (CINU) Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso Centre d’Information des Nations Unies de Ouagadougou Centurion Law Group Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Cherie Blair Foundation for Women CISCO Citizens Commission on Human Rights International (CCHR) Climate Investment Funds Code Blue campaign Commission de l'océan Indien (COI) Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) Commonwealth Secretariat Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation (CTO) Commune de Meckhé (Sénégal) Control Risks Group Holdings Ltd Council of the European Union CWC Group Limited CyberXchange Dangote Group DEAL 2016 (Dubai Entertainment Amusement and Leisure) Delegação da União Europeia em Angola Delegação da União Europeia na Guiné-Bissau Délégation de l'Union européenne au Burkina Faso Délégation de l'Union européenne au Togo Délégation de l'Union européenne en Tunisie Delegation of the European Union to the Republic of Mauritius Delegation of the European Union to Ghana Delegation of the European Union to Guinea Delegation of the European Union to Liberia Delegation of the European Union to Mozambique Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Department for International Development (DFID) Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Ireland Department of Foreign Affairs Canada Derou & Partners Deutsche Post DHL DFID Malawi Discovery Communications, LLC DMWA Resources Dr Walter Mzembi Dubai Chamber of Commerce & Industry ECAir (Equatorial Congo Airlines) Ecobank Egyptian Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (MCIT) Eko Atlantic Embassy of Cuba in South Africa Embassy of Finland in Nairobi Embassy of France in Nigeria Embassy of France to Ghana Embassy of Japan in Kenya Embassy of Japan in Somalia Embassy of Japan in South Sudan Embassy of Japan to the Republic of Seychelles Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Tanzania Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany Kampala Embassy of the Republic of Sierra Leone in the Republic of Korea Embassy of the Republic of the Sudan - Washington DC Embassy of the Russian Federation in Nigeria Embassy of the United States - Accra - Ghana Embassy of the United States of America in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire EMRC Endeavour Mining Corporation Energy and Environment Partnership Programme with Southern and East Africa (EEP S&EA) EnergyNet Ltd. ENGIE EQS Group Etisalat Etix Group EU Delegation to Kenya EU Delegation to Rwanda EU Delegation to Somalia EUNAVFOR Atalanta European Commission European Council European Court of Auditors (ECA) European External Action Service (EEAS) European Investment Bank (EIB) European Law Students’ Association (ELSA) European Parliament European Union European Union Delegation to the African Union Export Development Canada EXX AFRICA EY Facebook Federal Department of Foreign Affairs Switzerland Federal Ministry Republic of Austria Federal Republic of Somalia - Office of the President Fédération internationale de football association (FIFA) FedEx Corp. Financial Nigeria International Limited flydubai Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) Fortinet Forum de Bamako Freedom House French Embassy in Kenya French Embassy in Kenya and Somalia Frost & Sullivan Garmin Southern Africa GBS Africa GE Gemalto GeoPoll German Embassy in Dar es Salaam German Embassy Khartoum German Embassy Nairobi Germany - Federal Foreign Office Global Pacific & Partners Global Witness Globeleq Greenpeace Hilton Worldwide Hip Africa Hitachi Data Systems Hotelnownow Human Factors International (HFI) Human Rights Watch (HRW) Human RightWorking Group (HRWG) on Somalia Humpherys Elkington Ltd HWB ICS Financial Systems (ICSFS) IEC (International Electrotechnical Commission) IGN France International Imani Informa Telecoms & Media Ingenico Group Initiative for Global Development (IGD) Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) Interactive Intelligence, Inc. International Air Transport Association (IATA) International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) International Bureau of Fiscal Documentation (IBFD) International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) International Conference on the Great Lakes Region International Criminal Court (ICC) International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid-Tropics (ICRISAT) International Data Corporation (IDC) International Diamond Conference 2015 International Enterprise (IE) Singapore International Expo-Consults (IEC) International Federation of Human Rights (FIDH) International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) International Forum on Islamic Finance (IFIF) International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) International Indigenous Working Group on HIV & AIDS (IIWGHA) International Monetary Fund (IMF) International Office of Migration (IOM) International Raelian Movement (IRM) International Road Transport Organisation (IRU) Internet Society (ISOC) INTERPOL INTL FCStone Inc. Intracom Telecom Invest in Data Center Africa Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector (ICD) Islamic Development Bank Group (IDB Group) JLL JMG Limited Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Jumia Jwebi Kalangala Oil Palm Growers Association (KOPGA) Kariuki Communication Kaspersky Ken Research Kingdom of Belgium - Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation Knight Frank LLP Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences (KFAS) KWESÉ L'Oréal Group Light Reading LittleBigSouls International Charitable Foundation Louis Berger Mahindra Comviva MainOne Mainstream Renewable Power Marché Financier de l'Afrique Centrale (COSUMAF) Marriott International, Inc. McKinsey & Company Médecins sans frontières (MSF) Media Institute of Southern Africa (MISA) Medic West Africa Mercer LLC Merck Michelin Mining Indaba Ministère de la Santé de la République gabonaise Ministère des Affaires Etrangères de la République Française Ministère des Postes, des Télécommunications et des Nouvelles Technologies de Madagascar (MPTNT) Ministère du Tourisme, des Transports et de la Météorologie de Madagascar Ministry Human Settlements - Republic of South Africa Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom Ministry of Energy, Republic of Sierra Leone Ministry of External Affairs - Government of India Ministry of Finance - Government of Ghana Ministry of Finance, Republic of Angola Ministry of Foreign Affairs - Singapore Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Investment Promotion - Federal Republic of Somalia Ministry of Foreign Affairs Norway Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Brazil Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Cuba Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Hellenic Republic Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Seychelles Ministry of Mines, Industry and Energy Equatorial Guinea Mission de l'Organisation des Nations unies en République démocratique du Congo (MONUSCO) MOAB Power Mobile Accord Monarch&Co International MoneyGram International, Inc. Mozilla MSD Mundipharma Pte Ltd National Institutes of Health (NIH) Netherlands Embassy in Accra - Ghana New African Magazine New Partnership for Africa’s Development (NEPAD) New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade Next Einstein Forum (NEF) Nigerian Export-Import Bank (NEXIM) Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) Nigerian Young Professionals Forum (NYPF) Nollywood Week Paris Film Festival Norwegian Refugee Council Novartis International AG Oakbay Investments Ltd Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) Office of the Humanitarian Coordination in Central African Republic - United Nations Office of the Special Envoy of the United Nations Secretary-General for the Great Lakes region (OSESG-GL) Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Sexual Violence in Conflict Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) Office of the UN Resident Coordinator - Uganda Ogilvy & Mather Namibia On Time International One Acre Fund ONE.org Opera Software ASA Opération des Nations Unies en Côte d’Ivoire (ONUCI) Oracle Orange Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Ozaremit Pan African Federation of Filmmakers (FEPACI) Pan-African reinsurance Journalism Awards Panalpina World Transport Ltd. Paramount Group Parliamentary Assembly of the Mediterranean Partnership Africa Canada (PAC) Partnerships for Forests Permanent Mission of the Republic of Zambia to the United Nations Philip Morris International (PMI) Planet Earth Institute PM Pumpmakers GmbH Praekelt Foundation Présidence de la République de Madagascar Présidence de la République française Présidence de la République Gabonaise President of Russia PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) Prime Minister's Office, 10 Downing Street Printronix Inc. Privinvest Prognari Public Relations Society of Kenya (PRSK) Quantum Global Group Questra World RB (Reckitt Benckiser) Reach for Change Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information Republic of South Africa: Department of Health Republic of South Africa: Department of International Relations and Cooperation Republic of South Africa: The Parliament Republic of South Africa: The Presidency Ringier AG Roche Pharmaceuticals Limited Root Capital Rotary Royal Norwegian Embassy in Addis Ababa Royal Norwegian Embassy in Kampala Royal Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs Royal Philips Rwanda Development Board (RDB) Sage Sage HR & Payroll Said Business School - University of Oxford Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Sanofi Pasteur Save the Children Scatec Solar Secrétaire d’Etat chargé du Développement et de la Francophonie ShowMax Sierra Leone Ministry of Finance and Economic Development SimbaPay SITA Smile Telecoms Holdings Ltd South African Embassy to the Federal Republic of Germany SSP Standard Bank Standard Chartered Stanford Graduate School of Business Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. State House Uganda Sustainable Energy for All SWIFT Tagattitude Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Tana High-Level Forum on Security in Africa Tanzania International Forum For Investments Tanzania Investment Forum 2016 Techne Summit Tegeta Terrace Africa Terrapinn The Africa Property Investment (API) Summit The African Risk Capacity Insurance Company Limited (ARC Ltd) The African Wildlife Foundation (AWF) The Bidco Truth Coalition The Bosch Group The Consulate General of the Federal Republic of Germany in Lagos The Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) The Department of Energy, South Africa The Department of Trade and Industry, South Africa The Development Bank of Southern Africa (DBSA) The Economist Events The Economist Newspaper Limited The Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Windhoek The Emirates Group The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China The Guardian The Gupta family The Mauritius Commercial Bank Ltd (MCB) The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation The Naked Convos The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) The White House ThinkSearch Africa Thomson Reuters Tigo TMT Finance Tobacco Association of Malawi (TAMA) Transparency Forum Initiative (TFI) Transparency International U.S Embassy Nairobi, Kenya U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) U.S. Department of State U.S. Embassy - Cairo U.S. Embassy Addis Ababa, Ethiopia U.S. Embassy Cotonou - Benin U.S. Embassy in Juba U.S. Embassy Kinshasa U.S. Embassy Pretoria, South Africa U.S. Trade and Development Agency (USTDA) Uber UK Export Finance UK Science & Innovation Network in South Africa UK Trade & Investment UK Trade & Investment Tanzania UN Information Centre in Cairo UN Information Centre in Pretoria (UNIC) UN Women União Europeia Delegação na República de Cabo Verde UNICEF Dakar UNICEF Sierra Leone UNICEF Uganda United Kingdom Foreign and Commonwealth Office United Kingdom Telecommunications Academy (UKTA) United Nations - Office of the Resident Coordinator Cameroon United Nations - Office of the Spokesperson for the Secretary-General United Nations - Security Council United Nations (UN) United Nations Assistance Mission in Somalia (UNSOM) United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA) United Nations Economic Commission for Africa ( UNECA ) United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) United Nations Information Center in Nairobi United Nations Information Centre (UNIC) in Lagos United Nations Information Service Vienna (UNIS) United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali (MINUSMA) United Nations Office at Geneva (UNOG) United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNISDR) United Nations Office for West Africa and the Sahel (UNOWAS) United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime United Nations Office on Sport for Development and Peace (UNOSDP) United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) United Nations Regional Information Centre for Western Europe UNRIC United Nations Resident Coordinator’s Office in Tanzania United States Diplomatic Mission to Nigeria United States Embassy in Angola United States Embassy in Senegal United States Mission to Somalia United States Navy Université Internationale de Casablanca Vallourec Vantage Capital Group Vatican information Service (VIS) Verde Hotels Viber Viettel ViiV Healthcare Visa Inc. Vox Africa Webfluential West African International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference (WAIPEC) West African Property Summit (WAPI) Western Union Holdings, Inc. WorkinAfrica.com World Council of Churches (WCC) World Food Programme (WFP) World Health Organization (WHO) World Health Organization (WHO) - Ethiopia World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) World Panel Inc. World Telecom Labs (WTL) World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) World Trade Organization (WTO) World Wildlife Fund (WWF) WorldRemit Wound Care Africa WrB Africa Zambia High Commission in the United Kingdom ZamReal ZCCM Investments Holdings Plc Press release Multimedia content Submit Filter by: All Video Images Documents The contents of this website are copyright-free and can be republished freely without authorisation. Sign up for free to manage your favourite content on your own user page. Announcements The dti rolls out Safer Paraffin Stoves Awareness Campaign to Kimberly  - Source: The Department of Trade and Industry, South Africa A statement by the UK on peaceful elections in Ghana  - Source: British High Commission Accra Dp Ramaphosa to address the Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP) Summit at the St Georges Hotel, Irene, Pretoria, 15 November 2016  - Source: Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information Ambassador of Belarus A.Molchan visits Namibia  - Source: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus Joint op-ed by Faustin-Archange Touadéra (President of the Central African Republic), Federica Mogherini (High Representative of the European Union for Foreign and Security Policy and Vice-President of the European Commission), Jan Eliasson (Deputy Secret  - Source: EU Delegation to Rwanda Source: The Department of Trade and Industry, South Africa | Nov 14, 2016 The dti rolls out Safer Paraffin Stoves Awareness Campaign to Kimberly According to the Minister of Trade and Industry, Dr Rob Davies the campaign is aimed at educating poor and vulnerable consumers about the importance of using approved appliances that comply with quality and safety and to remove non-compliant appliances from communities in and around Kimberley that pose a risk to their safety and socio-economic wellbeing The Department of Trade and Industry (the dti) and its regulatory agencies; the National Consumer Commission (NCC), and the National Regulator for Compulsory Specifications (NRCS) together with the National Disaster Management Centre (NDMC) and Sol Plaatje Local Municipality will roll out its safer paraffin stoves awareness campaign to Kimberley in… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: British High Commission Accra | Nov 14, 2016 A statement by the UK on peaceful elections in Ghana British High Commission Accra's statement on peaceful elections in Ghana The British Government expresses its concern at recent incidents of political violence in Ghana in the run-up to the presidential and parliamentary elections on 7 December. We condemn all violent acts by the supporters of any political party, including any occurring as a result of holding electoral campaign events close… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information | Nov 14, 2016 Dp Ramaphosa to address the Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP) Summit at the St Georges Hotel, Irene, Pretoria, 15 November 2016 The theme for the 3-day Summit from 15-17 November 2016 is: "See, Feel and Experience Public Employment Programmes (PEPs)” Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa in his capacity as the chairperson of the Public Employment Inter-Ministerial Committee (PEP-IMC) will on Tuesday, 15 November 2016, address at the Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP) Summit at St Georges Conference Centre, Irene, Gauteng. The theme for the 3-day Summit from 15-17 November 2016 is:… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus | Nov 14, 2016 Ambassador of Belarus A.Molchan visits Namibia The parties discussed prospects of using the Belarusian equipment and technologies for agricultural mechanization of Namibia, issues of cooperation in higher education and technical training, as well as the collaboration in the areas of exploration and mining On November 7-11, 2016 the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Belarus to the Republic of South Africa and Namibia non-resident Andrei Molchan visited Windhoek (Namibia) to participate in the international conference «Invest in Namibia».   The Belarusian delegation also included representatives of the Belarusian Chamber of Commerce,… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: EU Delegation to Rwanda | Nov 14, 2016 Joint op-ed by Faustin-Archange Touadéra (President of the Central African Republic), Federica Mogherini (High Representative of the European Union for Foreign and Security Policy and Vice-President of the European Commission), Jan Eliasson (Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations), Makhtar Diop (Vice-President of the World Bank) Three years ago the Central African Republic was on the brink of collapse. But today, the country has changed course. The people of the Central African Republic have chosen to turn the page through free and democratic elections. The international community has accompanied each step of the transition, so that… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland | Nov 14, 2016 Minister for Foreign Trade and Development Mykkänen to visit Tanzania and Kenya The two countries are Finland’s long-term partners in development cooperation but now they are hoping for more investments and trade with Finland Minister of Foreign Trade and Development Kai Mykkänen will visit Tanzania and Kenya on 14–19 November 2016. The two countries are Finland’s long-term partners in development cooperation but now they are hoping for more investments and trade with Finland. The Minister will be accompanied by a delegation of 24 Finnish… Read more Share Favourite Print Business Source: United Nations (UN) | Nov 14, 2016 In Democratic Republic of the Congo, UN Security Council delegation calls for consensual, inclusive electoral calendar Visiting the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), members of the United Nations Security Council called on Congolese political and social actors to take greater responsibility to adopt a consensual and inclusive electoral calendar and asked that the ban on public demonstrations be lifted. The delegation, co-led by French Ambassador… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Embassy of France to Ghana | Nov 14, 2016 Campus France organised "Rencontres Campus France 2016" where sub-Saharan Africa was recognised/celebrated. 7th to 9th November 2016 Ghana’s objectives for participating in this event were to develop exchange programs between universities in Ghana and France, to promote the teaching of French in tertiary institutions and to facilitate bilateral and multilateral agreements At the 2016 meeting, which took place from the 7th to the 9th of November, 2016, The embassy of France in Ghana was represented by Mr Jean-Luc Mure, Head of Coorperation, French Embassy and Mr. Daniel Doe, Campus France coordinator. Two representatives from the University of Ghana Legon and Kwame… Read more Share Favourite Print Education Source: United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) | Nov 14, 2016 Fish-Rich Mauritania looks to its Nouadhibou Port for a Brighter Future The UNCTAD TrainForTrade Port Management Programme took a first crucial step last month when 11 senior port managers completed a workshop for instructors held at the port of Nouakchott, the Mauritanian capital Nestled on a peninsula overlooking the world's biggest graveyard of ships, the port of Nouadhibou may hold the key to a better future for Mauritania's 3.9 million people, of whom 42% live in poverty.   For years, Mauritania's economy ran on the iron ore buried deep beneath its Sahara desert… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: United Nations Economic Commission for Africa ( UNECA ) | Nov 14, 2016 Africa presents united front and calls for action at COP22 Over the next two weeks of COP22, the Africa Pavilion will feature a dynamic program of round-tables, conferences and bilateral meetings, where key issues of adaptation and mitigation; green industrialization; agriculture; transport; health; water and sanitation; biodiversity and innovation will be discussed The 22nd Session of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP22) kick-started Monday, 7 November in Marrakesh (Morocco). A collaborative partnership between the Africa Development Bank (AfDB), the African Union Commission (AUC), the Economic Commission for Africa (ECA) and the New Partnership… Read more Share Favourite Print Get freeAfrica-related contentOn your website, on your mobile, to your e-mail inbox... Twitter APO English Follow APO French Follow APO Arabic Follow APO Portuguese Follow RSS feeds Click to subscribe Recommended Source: The Department of Trade and Industry, South Africa | Nov 14, 2016 The dti rolls out Safer Paraffin Stoves Awareness Campaign to Kimberly According to the Minister of Trade and Industry, Dr Rob Davies the campaign is aimed at educating poor and vulnerable consumers about the importance of using approved appliances that comply with quality and safety and to remove non-compliant appliances from communities in and around Kimberley that pose a risk to their safety and socio-economic wellbeing Read more Share Favourite Print Source: British High Commission Accra | Nov 14, 2016 A statement by the UK on peaceful elections in Ghana British High Commission Accra's statement on peaceful elections in Ghana Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information | Nov 14, 2016 Dp Ramaphosa to address the Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP) Summit at the St Georges Hotel, Irene, Pretoria, 15 November 2016 The theme for the 3-day Summit from 15-17 November 2016 is: "See, Feel and Experience Public Employment Programmes (PEPs)” Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus | Nov 14, 2016 Ambassador of Belarus A.Molchan visits Namibia The parties discussed prospects of using the Belarusian equipment and technologies for agricultural mechanization of Namibia, issues of cooperation in higher education and technical training, as well as the collaboration in the areas of exploration and mining Read more Share Favourite Print Source: EU Delegation to Rwanda | Nov 14, 2016 Joint op-ed by Faustin-Archange Touadéra (President of the Central African Republic), Federica Mogherini (High Representative of the European Union for Foreign and Security Policy and Vice-President of the European Commission), Jan Eliasson (Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations), Makhtar Diop (Vice-President of the World Bank) Read more Share Favourite Print Subscribe to newsfeed Recommended categories Africa Foreign Policy African Development Business Events/Media Advisory Economy Banking/Finance Ethiopia South Africa Environment Most viewed Source: British High Commission Accra | Nov 14, 2016 A statement by the UK on peaceful elections in Ghana British High Commission Accra's statement on peaceful elections in Ghana Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information | Nov 14, 2016 Dp Ramaphosa to address the Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP) Summit at the St Georges Hotel, Irene, Pretoria, 15 November 2016 The theme for the 3-day Summit from 15-17 November 2016 is: "See, Feel and Experience Public Employment Programmes (PEPs)” Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus | Nov 14, 2016 Ambassador of Belarus A.Molchan visits Namibia The parties discussed prospects of using the Belarusian equipment and technologies for agricultural mechanization of Namibia, issues of cooperation in higher education and technical training, as well as the collaboration in the areas of exploration and mining Read more Share Favourite Print Source: EU Delegation to Rwanda | Nov 14, 2016 Joint op-ed by Faustin-Archange Touadéra (President of the Central African Republic), Federica Mogherini (High Representative of the European Union for Foreign and Security Policy and Vice-President of the European Commission), Jan Eliasson (Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations), Makhtar Diop (Vice-President of the World Bank) Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland | Nov 14, 2016 Minister for Foreign Trade and Development Mykkänen to visit Tanzania and Kenya The two countries are Finland’s long-term partners in development cooperation but now they are hoping for more investments and trade with Finland Read more Share Favourite Print Most shared Source: International Monetary Fund (IMF) | Nov 11, 2016 IMF Statement on Tunisia Read more Share Favourite Print Source: United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) | Nov 11, 2016 UNDP Launches New Publication on 'A New Vision for Weather and Climate Services in Africa' The report, “A New Vision for Weather and Climate Services in Africa,” highlights new technologies and new approaches that will enable sub-Saharan African countries to support the sustainability of investments in the weather and climate services sector Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Merck | Nov 10, 2016 UNESCO Merck Africa Research Summit - MARS 2016 to Empower Women in Research with the focus on Infectious Diseases and Women Health UNESCO – MARS 2016 will bring together more than 200 researchers from more than 35 African countries Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Fédération internationale de football association (FIFA) | Nov 09, 2016 Young girls in far regions in Djibouti benefit from FIFA grassroots program This is for the first time in Djiboutian football history that 200 girls including some as young as 7 years of age were brought together to teach them football under the FIFA grassroots program to encourage women’s involvement in the beautiful game Read more Share Favourite Print Source: EU Delegation to Somalia | Nov 09, 2016 EU and FAO engage in supporting Somali coastal communities in the framework of IGAD regional initiative for Maritime Security Creating long-term jobs for youth in fishing community is a key strategy for preventing piracy and reducing temptations to engage in maritime crime Read more Share Favourite Print Privacy Policy Terms of service Sitemap Linkedin Facebook Google + It Pinterest Sync Video × Login OR Forgot your password?Don’t have an account? Sign up here Login
× We use cookies to improve your experience. By your continued use of this site you accept such use. About Contact Log In/Signup en fr pt ar Toggle navigation Menu Home Press Offices Sources List Get APO Content Send a press release Advertising Agriculture Art Aviation/Airlines Banking/Finance Books Chemical Computers Defense/Aerospace Education Electricity Entertainment Environment Food/Beverages Health Infectious Diseases Infrastructure Insurance Internet Technology Investment Logistics Maritime Mining Mobile Motoring Movies Music Oil and Gas Pharmaceutical Renewable energy Retail Sport Telecommunications Textile Tobacco Tourism Transport Wood African Development Animals Asia Awards Business Children Economy Energy European Government Events/Media Advisory Foreign Policy Handicapped/Disabled Humanitarian Aid Justice/Legal issues Labour market Not For Profit Oil/Gas discoveries Personnel announcements Religion Trade Urbanism/Cities Water/Sanitation Women Afghanistan Africa Algeria Angola Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Benin Botswana Brazil Burkina Faso Burundi California Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad China Comoros Congo (Republic of the) Cuba Democratic Republic of Congo Denmark Djibouti Egypt Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Finland France Gabon Gambia Germany Ghana Greece Guinea Guinea-Bissau Illinois India Ireland Islamic Republic of Iran Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Jordan Kenya Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Kuwait Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Mali Malta Mauritania Mauritius Middle East MONACO Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zeland Niger Nigeria Norway Portugal Russia Rwanda Sao Tome and Principe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sudan Swaziland Switzerland Tanzania The People's Republic of China Togo Tunisia Turkey Uganda United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Vatican Zambia Zimbabwe _ A New Earth, organic and eco-living store Access Power Action Against Hunger - ACF-UK Action contre la Faim (ACF) Advanced Finance & Investment Group LLC (AFIG Funds) Africa 2.0 Africa Business Forum Africa Finance Corporation (AFC) Africa Initiative for Governance Africa Luxury Hospitality Africa News Latest Africa Oil & Power conference Africa PPP Africa Progress Panel (APP) Africa Regional Media Hub Africa-PPB-EXPO Tanzania 2016 African Alliances for Women Empowerment and Africa Fertility Society African Alliances of Women Empowerment African Blogger Awards African Centre for Justice and Peace Studies (ACJPS) African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights (African Court) African Entrepreneurship Award (AEA) African Innovation Foundation (AIF) African Institute for Mathematical Sciences (AIMS) African Leadership African Leadership Academy (ALA) African Mineral Development Centre African Securities Exchanges Association (ASEA) African Society for Laboratory Medicine (ASLM) African Trade Insurance Agency (ATI) African Union Commission (AUC) African Union Peace and Security Department African Union Sports Council (AUSC) African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) African Viral Hepatitis Summit 2016 AfricanStates.info Afrique Telecom AfroCan Resources Gold Ltd AGCO Corporation Agence de Promotion de l'Investissement Extérieur (FIPA) - Tunisie Agence française de développement (AFD) Aggreko plc Agility Aid & International Development Forum Al Yah Satellite Communications Company PrJSC, "Yahsat" Aleda SAS Aleph Hospitality Ambassade d'Allemagne au Togo Ambassade de France au Cameroun Ambassade de France au Cameroun Ambassade de France au Sénégal Ambassade de France en Algérie Ambassade de France en Guinée et en Sierra Leone Ambassade de l’Etat de Palestine au Sénégal Ambassade de la Republique du Rwanda en France Ambassade des Etats-Unis au Senegal Ambassade des Etats-Unis d'Amérique au Maroc Ambassade du Canada République démocratique du Congo Ambassade du Japon au Burundi American Institutes for Research (AIR) Amnesty International AMPION.org Angola Cables Antoine Glaser APO Appolonia - City of Light Argus Media Aurecon Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Australian Embassy (Union of Comoros & Madagascar) Australian Embassy in Zimbabwe Australian High Commission - Nigeria Australian High Commission in Ghana Australian High Commission in Kenya Australian High Commission in Pretoria, South Africa AviaDev Africa Avon Peaking Power Pty Ltd Bamba Group Bamboo Finance Basic Lead LLC Bayport Management Ltd Bench Events Best Western Hotels & Resorts Better Than Cash BIA Overseas s.a. Bidco Africa Black First Land First Black Opinion BON Cloud Bourse Régionale des Valeurs Mobilières (BRVM) Brand South Africa British Embassy Addis Ababa British Embassy Antananarivo British Embassy Banjul British Embassy Cairo British Embassy Conakry British Embassy Dakar British Embassy Harare British Embassy in Tunis British Embassy Juba British Embassy Khartoum British Embassy Kinshasa British Embassy Luanda British Embassy Mogadishu British Embassy Rabat British High Commission - Lilongwe British High Commission - Lusaka British High Commission - Maputo British High Commission - Yaounde British High Commission Abuja British High Commission Accra British High Commission Dar es Salaam British High Commission Freetown British High Commission Gaborone British High Commission in Seychelles British High Commission Kampala British High Commission Nairobi British High Commission Port Louis British High Commission Pretoria British High Commission Windhoek Bugala Farmers Association Business Journal Cambridge International Examinations Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group CaseWare Africa Caterpillar Inc. CDNetworks Centers for Disease Control & Prevention (CDC) Centre d'Information des Nations Unies (CINU) Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso Centre d’Information des Nations Unies de Ouagadougou Centurion Law Group Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Cherie Blair Foundation for Women CISCO Citizens Commission on Human Rights International (CCHR) Climate Investment Funds Code Blue campaign Commission de l'océan Indien (COI) Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) Commonwealth Secretariat Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation (CTO) Commune de Meckhé (Sénégal) Control Risks Group Holdings Ltd Council of the European Union CWC Group Limited CyberXchange Dangote Group DEAL 2016 (Dubai Entertainment Amusement and Leisure) Delegação da União Europeia em Angola Delegação da União Europeia na Guiné-Bissau Délégation de l'Union européenne au Burkina Faso Délégation de l'Union européenne au Togo Délégation de l'Union européenne en Tunisie Delegation of the European Union to the Republic of Mauritius Delegation of the European Union to Ghana Delegation of the European Union to Guinea Delegation of the European Union to Liberia Delegation of the European Union to Mozambique Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Department for International Development (DFID) Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Ireland Department of Foreign Affairs Canada Derou & Partners Deutsche Post DHL DFID Malawi Discovery Communications, LLC DMWA Resources Dr Walter Mzembi Dubai Chamber of Commerce & Industry ECAir (Equatorial Congo Airlines) Ecobank Egyptian Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (MCIT) Eko Atlantic Embassy of Cuba in South Africa Embassy of Finland in Nairobi Embassy of France in Nigeria Embassy of France to Ghana Embassy of Japan in Kenya Embassy of Japan in Somalia Embassy of Japan in South Sudan Embassy of Japan to the Republic of Seychelles Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Tanzania Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany Kampala Embassy of the Republic of Sierra Leone in the Republic of Korea Embassy of the Republic of the Sudan - Washington DC Embassy of the Russian Federation in Nigeria Embassy of the United States - Accra - Ghana Embassy of the United States of America in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire EMRC Endeavour Mining Corporation Energy and Environment Partnership Programme with Southern and East Africa (EEP S&EA) EnergyNet Ltd. ENGIE EQS Group Etisalat Etix Group EU Delegation to Kenya EU Delegation to Rwanda EU Delegation to Somalia EUNAVFOR Atalanta European Commission European Council European Court of Auditors (ECA) European External Action Service (EEAS) European Investment Bank (EIB) European Law Students’ Association (ELSA) European Parliament European Union European Union Delegation to the African Union Export Development Canada EXX AFRICA EY Facebook Federal Department of Foreign Affairs Switzerland Federal Ministry Republic of Austria Federal Republic of Somalia - Office of the President Fédération internationale de football association (FIFA) FedEx Corp. Financial Nigeria International Limited flydubai Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) Fortinet Forum de Bamako Freedom House French Embassy in Kenya French Embassy in Kenya and Somalia Frost & Sullivan Garmin Southern Africa GBS Africa GE Gemalto GeoPoll German Embassy in Dar es Salaam German Embassy Khartoum German Embassy Nairobi Germany - Federal Foreign Office Global Pacific & Partners Global Witness Globeleq Greenpeace Hilton Worldwide Hip Africa Hitachi Data Systems Hotelnownow Human Factors International (HFI) Human Rights Watch (HRW) Human RightWorking Group (HRWG) on Somalia Humpherys Elkington Ltd HWB ICS Financial Systems (ICSFS) IEC (International Electrotechnical Commission) IGN France International Imani Informa Telecoms & Media Ingenico Group Initiative for Global Development (IGD) Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) Interactive Intelligence, Inc. International Air Transport Association (IATA) International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) International Bureau of Fiscal Documentation (IBFD) International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) International Conference on the Great Lakes Region International Criminal Court (ICC) International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid-Tropics (ICRISAT) International Data Corporation (IDC) International Diamond Conference 2015 International Enterprise (IE) Singapore International Expo-Consults (IEC) International Federation of Human Rights (FIDH) International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) International Forum on Islamic Finance (IFIF) International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) International Indigenous Working Group on HIV & AIDS (IIWGHA) International Monetary Fund (IMF) International Office of Migration (IOM) International Raelian Movement (IRM) International Road Transport Organisation (IRU) Internet Society (ISOC) INTERPOL INTL FCStone Inc. Intracom Telecom Invest in Data Center Africa Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector (ICD) Islamic Development Bank Group (IDB Group) JLL JMG Limited Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Jumia Jwebi Kalangala Oil Palm Growers Association (KOPGA) Kariuki Communication Kaspersky Ken Research Kingdom of Belgium - Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation Knight Frank LLP Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences (KFAS) KWESÉ L'Oréal Group Light Reading LittleBigSouls International Charitable Foundation Louis Berger Mahindra Comviva MainOne Mainstream Renewable Power Marché Financier de l'Afrique Centrale (COSUMAF) Marriott International, Inc. McKinsey & Company Médecins sans frontières (MSF) Media Institute of Southern Africa (MISA) Medic West Africa Mercer LLC Merck Michelin Mining Indaba Ministère de la Santé de la République gabonaise Ministère des Affaires Etrangères de la République Française Ministère des Postes, des Télécommunications et des Nouvelles Technologies de Madagascar (MPTNT) Ministère du Tourisme, des Transports et de la Météorologie de Madagascar Ministry Human Settlements - Republic of South Africa Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom Ministry of Energy, Republic of Sierra Leone Ministry of External Affairs - Government of India Ministry of Finance - Government of Ghana Ministry of Finance, Republic of Angola Ministry of Foreign Affairs - Singapore Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Investment Promotion - Federal Republic of Somalia Ministry of Foreign Affairs Norway Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Brazil Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Cuba Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Hellenic Republic Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Seychelles Ministry of Mines, Industry and Energy Equatorial Guinea Mission de l'Organisation des Nations unies en République démocratique du Congo (MONUSCO) MOAB Power Mobile Accord Monarch&Co International MoneyGram International, Inc. Mozilla MSD Mundipharma Pte Ltd National Institutes of Health (NIH) Netherlands Embassy in Accra - Ghana New African Magazine New Partnership for Africa’s Development (NEPAD) New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade Next Einstein Forum (NEF) Nigerian Export-Import Bank (NEXIM) Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) Nigerian Young Professionals Forum (NYPF) Nollywood Week Paris Film Festival Norwegian Refugee Council Novartis International AG Oakbay Investments Ltd Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) Office of the Humanitarian Coordination in Central African Republic - United Nations Office of the Special Envoy of the United Nations Secretary-General for the Great Lakes region (OSESG-GL) Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Sexual Violence in Conflict Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) Office of the UN Resident Coordinator - Uganda Ogilvy & Mather Namibia On Time International One Acre Fund ONE.org Opera Software ASA Opération des Nations Unies en Côte d’Ivoire (ONUCI) Oracle Orange Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Ozaremit Pan African Federation of Filmmakers (FEPACI) Pan-African reinsurance Journalism Awards Panalpina World Transport Ltd. Paramount Group Parliamentary Assembly of the Mediterranean Partnership Africa Canada (PAC) Partnerships for Forests Permanent Mission of the Republic of Zambia to the United Nations Philip Morris International (PMI) Planet Earth Institute PM Pumpmakers GmbH Praekelt Foundation Présidence de la République de Madagascar Présidence de la République française Présidence de la République Gabonaise President of Russia PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) Prime Minister's Office, 10 Downing Street Printronix Inc. Privinvest Prognari Public Relations Society of Kenya (PRSK) Quantum Global Group Questra World RB (Reckitt Benckiser) Reach for Change Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information Republic of South Africa: Department of Health Republic of South Africa: Department of International Relations and Cooperation Republic of South Africa: The Parliament Republic of South Africa: The Presidency Ringier AG Roche Pharmaceuticals Limited Root Capital Rotary Royal Norwegian Embassy in Addis Ababa Royal Norwegian Embassy in Kampala Royal Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs Royal Philips Rwanda Development Board (RDB) Sage Sage HR & Payroll Said Business School - University of Oxford Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Sanofi Pasteur Save the Children Scatec Solar Secrétaire d’Etat chargé du Développement et de la Francophonie ShowMax Sierra Leone Ministry of Finance and Economic Development SimbaPay SITA Smile Telecoms Holdings Ltd South African Embassy to the Federal Republic of Germany SSP Standard Bank Standard Chartered Stanford Graduate School of Business Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. State House Uganda Sustainable Energy for All SWIFT Tagattitude Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Tana High-Level Forum on Security in Africa Tanzania International Forum For Investments Tanzania Investment Forum 2016 Techne Summit Tegeta Terrace Africa Terrapinn The Africa Property Investment (API) Summit The African Risk Capacity Insurance Company Limited (ARC Ltd) The African Wildlife Foundation (AWF) The Bidco Truth Coalition The Bosch Group The Consulate General of the Federal Republic of Germany in Lagos The Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) The Department of Energy, South Africa The Department of Trade and Industry, South Africa The Development Bank of Southern Africa (DBSA) The Economist Events The Economist Newspaper Limited The Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Windhoek The Emirates Group The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China The Guardian The Gupta family The Mauritius Commercial Bank Ltd (MCB) The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation The Naked Convos The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) The White House ThinkSearch Africa Thomson Reuters Tigo TMT Finance Tobacco Association of Malawi (TAMA) Transparency Forum Initiative (TFI) Transparency International U.S Embassy Nairobi, Kenya U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) U.S. Department of State U.S. Embassy - Cairo U.S. Embassy Addis Ababa, Ethiopia U.S. Embassy Cotonou - Benin U.S. Embassy in Juba U.S. Embassy Kinshasa U.S. Embassy Pretoria, South Africa U.S. Trade and Development Agency (USTDA) Uber UK Export Finance UK Science & Innovation Network in South Africa UK Trade & Investment UK Trade & Investment Tanzania UN Information Centre in Cairo UN Information Centre in Pretoria (UNIC) UN Women União Europeia Delegação na República de Cabo Verde UNICEF Dakar UNICEF Sierra Leone UNICEF Uganda United Kingdom Foreign and Commonwealth Office United Kingdom Telecommunications Academy (UKTA) United Nations - Office of the Resident Coordinator Cameroon United Nations - Office of the Spokesperson for the Secretary-General United Nations - Security Council United Nations (UN) United Nations Assistance Mission in Somalia (UNSOM) United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA) United Nations Economic Commission for Africa ( UNECA ) United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) United Nations Information Center in Nairobi United Nations Information Centre (UNIC) in Lagos United Nations Information Service Vienna (UNIS) United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali (MINUSMA) United Nations Office at Geneva (UNOG) United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNISDR) United Nations Office for West Africa and the Sahel (UNOWAS) United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime United Nations Office on Sport for Development and Peace (UNOSDP) United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) United Nations Regional Information Centre for Western Europe UNRIC United Nations Resident Coordinator’s Office in Tanzania United States Diplomatic Mission to Nigeria United States Embassy in Angola United States Embassy in Senegal United States Mission to Somalia United States Navy Université Internationale de Casablanca Vallourec Vantage Capital Group Vatican information Service (VIS) Verde Hotels Viber Viettel ViiV Healthcare Visa Inc. Vox Africa Webfluential West African International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference (WAIPEC) West African Property Summit (WAPI) Western Union Holdings, Inc. WorkinAfrica.com World Council of Churches (WCC) World Food Programme (WFP) World Health Organization (WHO) World Health Organization (WHO) - Ethiopia World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) World Panel Inc. World Telecom Labs (WTL) World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) World Trade Organization (WTO) World Wildlife Fund (WWF) WorldRemit Wound Care Africa WrB Africa Zambia High Commission in the United Kingdom ZamReal ZCCM Investments Holdings Plc Press release Multimedia content Submit Filter by: All Video Images Documents The contents of this website are copyright-free and can be republished freely without authorisation. Sign up for free to manage your favourite content on your own user page. Announcements The dti rolls out Safer Paraffin Stoves Awareness Campaign to Kimberly  - Source: The Department of Trade and Industry, South Africa A statement by the UK on peaceful elections in Ghana  - Source: British High Commission Accra Dp Ramaphosa to address the Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP) Summit at the St Georges Hotel, Irene, Pretoria, 15 November 2016  - Source: Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information Ambassador of Belarus A.Molchan visits Namibia  - Source: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus Joint op-ed by Faustin-Archange Touadéra (President of the Central African Republic), Federica Mogherini (High Representative of the European Union for Foreign and Security Policy and Vice-President of the European Commission), Jan Eliasson (Deputy Secret  - Source: EU Delegation to Rwanda Go Back Multimedia content Videos (3) Watch the story of the transformation of Rose and Esther, two women cancer survivors, after meeting “Merck More than a Patient” Watch the story of Margaret and Loise - their new life after meeting “Merck More than a Patient” Watch Benda Kithaka, Co-Founder and Chairperson of “Women for Cancer” as she talks about cancer myths and misconceptions, the need to demystify it to reduce the stigma associated with it and the importance of empowering women cancer survivors Images (8) Benda Kithaka (3rd left standing), Co-Founder and Board Chair of Women 4 Cancer with Patient Navigators Rasha Kelej with “Merck more than a patient” women cancer survivors Rose Chiedo, a cervical cancer survivor from Nairobi, Kenya displaying some products from her jewellery business that “Merck More than a Patient” has helped her to expand enabling her to generate a better and steady income to meet her needs and re-build her life Esther Wakabari Muthike, a 75 year old widow cervical cancer survivor from Kirinyaga, Kenya Margaret Njenga, a cervical cancer survivor from Kiambu, Kenya milking the cow that “Merck More than a Patient” has helped to buy that is enabling her financially through selling milk and now she can continue raising her children Margaret Njenga, a cervical cancer survivor from Kiambu, Kenya fetching fodder for her cow that “Merck More than a Patient” has helped to buy and now she is uplifted and is able to meet her needs and those of her family Loise Kimani, a cervical cancer survivor from Nairobi, Kenya Loise Kimani, a cervical cancer survivor from Nairobi, Kenya at the shop that “Merck More than a Patient” has helped her establish from which she is able to get a steady income to cater for her needs and that of her family Links (1) Merck Group All (12) Source: Merck | Nov 02, 2016 “Merck More than a Patient” Initiative in partnership with “Women for Cancer” to empower women cancer survivors in Africa Merck in partnership with “Women for Cancer” started this initiative with the aim to empower women cancer survivors in Africa through supporting them to establish their own small business so that they can lead an independent and productive life Print Share Favourite Copy text Get source logo VIDEO Watch the story of the transformation of Rose and Esther, two women cancer survivors, after meeting “Merck More than a Patient” Share Copy Embed <iframe width="560" height="315" src="http://www.africa-newsroom.com/press/embed_video/3905/e" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen ></iframe> VIDEO Watch the story of Margaret and Loise - their new life after meeting “Merck More than a Patient” Share Copy Embed <iframe width="560" height="315" src="http://www.africa-newsroom.com/press/embed_video/3906/e" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen ></iframe> VIDEO Watch Benda Kithaka, Co-Founder and Chairperson of “Women for Cancer” as she talks about cancer myths and misconceptions, the need to demystify it to reduce the stigma associated with it and the importance of empowering women cancer survivors Share Copy Embed <iframe width="560" height="315" src="http://www.africa-newsroom.com/press/embed_video/3907/e" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen ></iframe> The cancer patients are also appreciative that Merck is assisting them to make strides in gaining financial independence beyond their cancer survivorship NAIROBI, Kenya, November 2, 2016/APO/ -- Merck kicks off “Merck More than a Patient” as part of Merck Cancer Access Program in Africa. “Merck More than a Patient” aims to uplift women cancer survivors to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy. “Merck more than a Patient” aims to raise awareness about Cancer and tackling myths and stigma associated with the disease with special focus on women. Merck (MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, today announced the kick off of “Merck More than a Patient” which is a new initiative of “Merck Cancer Access Program” in Africa. Merck in partnership with “Women for Cancer” started this initiative with the aim to empower women cancer survivors in Africa through supporting them to establish their own small business so that they can lead an independent and productive life. Merck will also help in raising awareness about Cancer prevention and early detection and tackling the myths and stigma associated with the disease with special focus on women. “I am very happy that “Merck More than a Patient” has this positive impact on these women’s lives. Therefore, this initiative will be launched in other African countries in 2017. Through our collaboration with cancer patients associations and cancer institutions across Africa, we aim to help uplift women cancer survivors to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy – and by doing so, they can now give back to the society through their new businesses. They will become more than cancer patients. In addition to our efforts to raise awareness about early detection and prevention specially addressing Cancer in Women” says Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer of Merck Healthcare. Benda Kithaka and Co-Founder and Chairperson of”Women for Cancer” emphasized: “We are grateful to Merck for the continued support towards “Women 4 Cancer” survivors and our recent collaboration through the “Merck More than a Patient” initiative. The cancer patients are also appreciative that Merck is assisting them to make strides in gaining financial independence beyond their cancer survivorship. Merck will also help raising awareness about Cancer and tackling myths and stigma associated with the disease, I am hoping we can together empower our communities to access accurate cancer information, which should result in behaviour change coupled with adoption of health seeking behaviour for quality cancer prevention and care”. Read about The women cancer survivors: “Merck More than a Patient” empowers Rose Chiedo, a cervical cancer survivor - read her story … Rose Atieno Chiedo, a 46 year old mother of one who lives in Nairobi, Kenya, is a cervical cancer survivor. Rose used to make and sell samosas before her cancer diagnosis and after her recovery she started to make jewellery in a small scale to cover some of her needs. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Rose to expand her jewellery business enabling her to generate a better and steady income to meet her needs and re-build her life. Below is Rose’s story before and after meeting “Merck More than a Patient.” Rose used to complain of lower backaches and suffered from spotting. She went to Kenyatta National Hospital in Nairobi for further investigation where she found out that she had cervical cancer Stage 2B. “When I was diagnosed with cancer in July 2013 the first thing that came to my mind was death,” Rose says as she narrates her painful journey. “Basically that is what anyone would think. People have a negative attitude towards cancer. The perception is that it cannot be treated” Rose added. Rose corrected the misconception about Cancer saying “Some people think Cancer is as a result of a curse or witchcraft. The truth, Cancer is NOT caused by witchcraft. Although some cancers run in the family and others result from exposure to certain chemicals and infections, many cancers may be due to preventable behavior and dietary risk factors. Many think that once diagnosed with cancer, one can only expect death. The truth is Cancer is NOT a death sentence. One can have good quality of life after cancer diagnosis, they need to seek treatment early, follow medical advice and join a cancer support group. Paying attention to signs and symptoms increases the chance and benefits of early detection and treatment; including better recovery and more affordable treatment costs.” Rose added    “I shared the news with my brother and he was shocked. He became very worried about my health and where the money to cater for my treatment would come from as we are orphans. There was no one who could help me other than him. It was a big blow to him because he knew the whole burden would be on him of which he actually took up,” Rose explains. Sad journey of treatment: “From the beginning to the end of my treatment it was just sad because I didn’t have money and I was depending on someone else for support. Before my illness, I used to sell samosas (a fried flour shell filled with minced meat or vegetables and spices) at that time at Ksh 5 per piece. So for 100 samosas I would get Ksh 500 (USD 5) in a day. But I was not able to manage the business as I would get weak and they are very heavy to carry and deliver for customers. So I stopped the business,” Rose says sadly. Rose was able to get treatment (radiotherapy and chemotherapy) in March 2014 after waiting for eight months. In August of the same year there was a recurrence and Rose had to go for further treatment. Women4Cancer a charitable organisation in Kenya supported her to cover her treatment in 2015. Speaking of her treatment Rose says: “The queues are so long at the hospital. It seems like one is fighting a losing battle. But I realized it was not a losing battle when I finished my treatment. And that is when I started fighting to survive.” After recovery, Rose has been making jewellery but on a very small scale to sell and support herself and other needy women. Rose had a dream to expand the business and train other women to generate income so that they become productive members in society. Rose’s jewellery business expanded: “Merck More than a Patient” is a new initiative of Merck Cancer Access Program with the aim to empower women cancer survivors to re-build their shattered lives after the devastating cancer experience. It will help them to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy,” says Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Rose to expand her jewellery business. Moreover, it has enrolled her in the Kenya Chamber of Commerce - Women in Business body, which will help her network with other entrepreneurial women, thus giving her a platform to generate even more business. “What Merck has done is really going to help me to improve my business from small-scale to large-scale. I make my jewelry at home and sell it to my neighbors and friends. This business is something I can do at my convenience. I can carry the beads wherever I am going and I can sit anywhere and do my bead work,” Rose says with confidence and joy. “I would really want to thank “Merck More than a Patient” and really appreciate them because this will help me to improve my life and will also enable me to use better quality materials because I can now be able to afford to buy them,” Rose adds. I am not a patient anymore. I am a survivor and I am a victor! Rose concludes. “Merck More than a Patient” empowers Esther Muthike, a cervical cancer survivor – Read her story Esther Wakabari Muthike is a 75 year old widow from Kirinyaga in eastern Kenya and is a cancer survivor. Her husband passed away 25 years ago. Before she fell ill, Esther was a farmer who also reared cows for milk. She had to sell her cow to cater for her cancer treatment expenses. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Esther to get a cow from which she is able to get milk to sell to cover her needs. This has enabled Esther to get a steady income to become independent and re-build her life. Below is Esther’s story before and after meeting “Merck More than a Patient.” Esther found out that she had cervical cancer in May 2015 at a medical camp organised by Women4Cancer. She was referred to Kenyatta National Hospital for further investigations and treatment in July 2015. She started radiotherapy and chemotherapy in September 2015 and finished treatment in November 2015. “When I was told I had cancer, I knew I would die even if I was being treated. The doctors told us that cancer is incurable,” Esther says. Stigmatised by family and community for having cancer: Esther explains how she was stigmatised by her family and community: “When people heard that I had cancer, they told me to sell all my property because the disease is incurable. People in the community avoided me because they thought I would infect them with cancer. It is only one of my daughters - Susan who stood by me. She is the only one who used to wash my clothes. I had a foul smell and so people avoided me. I could not even go to visit my neighbours either. I could only visit Susan my daughter.” “I used to be a small-scale farmer and I also had a cow that provided me and family with milk to sell some for an income. But I had to sell my cow when I fell ill with cancer. My daughter also sold her goats to help with the expenses,” Esther explains. Esther also stopped farming for a while due to the health issues and treatment procedures. However, after treatment, she went back to farming and hoped for help to buy a cow that would enable her to generate a steady income from the sale of milk to cater for her needs. Esther empowered and independent again: “Merck more than a Patient” initiative aims to empower women cancer survivors in Africa. This initiative has supported Esther to buy a cow to replace the one she sold to cover her treatment and to enable her to meet her needs and become independent again,” says Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. “Merck has really changed my life by giving me a cow.  I now feel better. I now get milk to drink and sell. I have money in my hands from the sale of the milk. Previously I was not getting any money. I have named this cow Wambui because of its beauty. Before I used to borrow milk from my neighbours. But now I am enjoying milk from Wambui. Since I got Wambui, I pray for Merck every day that they bless others the way they have blessed me. I am a victor, I am not sick anymore,” Esther says with a smile. “Merck More than a Patient” empowers Margaret Njenga, a cervical cancer survivor – Read her story Margaret Wanjiku Njenga is a cervical cancer survivor from Kiambu, Kenya. Margaret who is 47 years old is married with six children. She was diagnosed with cancer in August 2013 at a medical camp run by Women4Cancer. She was an active business woman who used to make and sell soap and disinfectants to schools. She also had a cow whose milk she used to sell. She could not continue with the business after she fell ill and she also had to sell her cow. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Margaret to get a cow which is about to give birth and she will have two. Margaret will be able to get a steady income from the sale of milk and be able to educate her children. Below is Margaret’s story before and after meeting “Merck More than a Patient.” Margaret explains: “My mother was diagnosed with cervical cancer in 2010. My sisters and I were advised to go for regular cancer screenings as we could also get it as it could be in our genes. I was screened four times and the doctors kept saying they could see something. In each of these times I was given medication. I went for a fifth check-up and the results showed an anomaly. I was advised to go to hospital and I was diagnosed with cancer.” Diagnosed with cancer and stops doing business and farming: At the hospital, Margaret was told she would need to have her uterus removed. “I went home and told my husband that I had cancer. Remembering how much pain my late mother had gone through and the amount of money she had spent on treatment and she still died, I told him it would be better to have my uterus removed so that I can raise my children,” she explains. “It didn’t mean that I would not die but I would have a few more years to live,” she adds. “I would lock myself in the house after my children go school. I would think a lot and cry. I always saw myself dying. Who would take care of my children? I asked myself. My heart was very troubled,” Margaret narrates sadly. “Before I became sick I used to make and sell home-made soap. I would go to schools to look for orders to supply them with the soap. I also started supplying the schools with toilet disinfectant. When I was diagnosed with cancer, I had to stop this job as it required walking long distances,” says Margaret. “A friend who also had her uterus removed loaned me Ksh 10,000 (USD 100) to book for treatment at the hospital. I also had a cow whose milk I used to sell. I had to sell my cow so that I could raise money for my treatment as I did not have the  Ksh 30,000 (USD 300) required for the treatment all at once. I was also too stressed such that I could not work,” Margaret adds. Margaret empowered and uplifted: When Margaret came from hospital she was unable to continue with the business she used to do before and they were struggling financially as a family. Their children were sent away from school for lack of fees as the money was not enough as she still had to buy medicine. “Merck More than a Patient” is a new initiative of Merck Cancer Access Program with the aim to empower women cancer survivors to re-build their shattered lives after the devastating cancer experience. It will help them to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy,” says Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. Merck through “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Margaret to buy a cow that will enable her financially through selling milk. “I am very happy because “Merck More than a Patient” has come to my aid and bought me a cow that will help me to continue raising my children. They have uplifted me and I am very happy and may God bless them,” Margaret says with joy. “My cow has a few days before it gives birth. I might be lucky and get a heifer and I will have two cows. From this I will get more milk, have enough to drink and to sell and more money to educate my children. I can now move on with my life and with a grateful heart. We have named the cow Joy because of the joy it has brought back to this home. Merck has really uplifted me and now my life is moving on as I had hoped. I feel strong and able to continue with my life,” Margaret says with satisfaction. “Merck more than a Patient” empowers Loise Njenga, a cervical cancer survivor – Read her story Loise Wambui Kimani from Dagoretti, Nairobi was diagnosed with cervical cancer in August 2015. Loise who is 45 years and is married with five children has been struggling to take care of her family ever since as she had to stop working as a house help for a living. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Loise to establish a shop from which she is able to get a steady income to cater for her needs and that of her family. Below is Loise’s story before and after meeting “Merck More than a Patient.” “I used to work as a house-help and used to be paid Ksh 6,000 (USD 60) per month which helped me cater for my children’s needs. When I was diagnosed with cancer I continued working but had to stop as I could not cope with the work load,” Loise explains. “I heard that anyone with cancer dies. I imagined I would die. I was in shock. I told my friends I had cancer but most of them told me when you have cancer you don’t live for long that someone just dies. I thought my life had come to an end,” Loise says. Rejected by community and life becomes hard: “People around me rejected me and thought I would infect them with cancer,” Loise says with sadness. “I eventually had my uterus removed and started radiotherapy in January 2016. When I came back home from the hospital, life became very hard. My husband became the sole breadwinner unlike before when we used to help each other. Our combined income used to help sustain the family,” she adds. Loise empowered and is now a victor: Merck through “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Loise establish a shop which is giving her a steady income and enabling her to take care of her family’s needs. “Merck has been very helpful because they have opened a shop for me and I am already enjoying the benefits. This shop is helping me to bring up my children and now I am able to help my husband,” Loise says with a smile. “I would like Merck to continue helping other cancer survivors because the disease is financially draining and when Merck comes in to help the burden becomes lighter. I thank them because they have done great things and God bless them very much. I am doing well, I am healed and I am a victor,” she says. “Merck More than a Patient initiative aims to empower women cancer survivors by helping them to establish a small business in order to generate a steady income to cater for their needs and enable them to re-build their lives,” says Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer Merck Healthcare.  Distributed by APO on behalf of Merck. Benda Kithaka (3rd left standing), Co-Founder and Board Chair of Women 4 Cancer with Patient Navigators Download Share Rasha Kelej with “Merck more than a patient” women cancer survivors Download Share Rose Chiedo, a cervical cancer survivor from Nairobi, Kenya displaying some products from her jewellery business that “Merck More than a Patient” has helped her to expand enabling her to generate a better and steady income to meet her needs and re-build her life Download Share Esther Wakabari Muthike, a 75 year old widow cervical cancer survivor from Kirinyaga, Kenya Download Share Margaret Njenga, a cervical cancer survivor from Kiambu, Kenya milking the cow that “Merck More than a Patient” has helped to buy that is enabling her financially through selling milk and now she can continue raising her children Download Share Margaret Njenga, a cervical cancer survivor from Kiambu, Kenya fetching fodder for her cow that “Merck More than a Patient” has helped to buy and now she is uplifted and is able to meet her needs and those of her family Download Share Loise Kimani, a cervical cancer survivor from Nairobi, Kenya Download Share Loise Kimani, a cervical cancer survivor from Nairobi, Kenya at the shop that “Merck More than a Patient” has helped her establish from which she is able to get a steady income to cater for her needs and that of her family Download Share About Merck: Merck (MerckGroup.com) is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to MerckGroup.com/Subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. Africa Business Health Kenya Pharmaceutical Women “Merck More than a Patient” Initiative in partnership with “Women for Cancer” to empower women cancer survivors in Africa Merck in partnership with “Women for Cancer” started this initiative with the aim to empower women cancer survivors in Africa through supporting them to establish their own small business so that they can lead an independent and productive life NAIROBI, Kenya, November 2, 2016/APO/ -- Merck kicks off “Merck More than a Patient” as part of Merck Cancer Access Program in Africa. “Merck More than a Patient” aims to uplift women cancer survivors to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy. “Merck more than a Patient” aims to raise awareness about Cancer and tackling myths and stigma associated with the disease with special focus on women. Merck (MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, today announced the kick off of “Merck More than a Patient” which is a new initiative of “Merck Cancer Access Program” in Africa. Merck in partnership with “Women for Cancer” started this initiative with the aim to empower women cancer survivors in Africa through supporting them to establish their own small business so that they can lead an independent and productive life. Merck will also help in raising awareness about Cancer prevention and early detection and tackling the myths and stigma associated with the disease with special focus on women. “I am very happy that “Merck More than a Patient” has this positive impact on these women’s lives. Therefore, this initiative will be launched in other African countries in 2017. Through our collaboration with cancer patients associations and cancer institutions across Africa, we aim to help uplift women cancer survivors to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy – and by doing so, they can now give back to the society through their new businesses. They will become more than cancer patients. In addition to our efforts to raise awareness about early detection and prevention specially addressing Cancer in Women” says Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer of Merck Healthcare. Benda Kithaka and Co-Founder and Chairperson of”Women for Cancer” emphasized: “We are grateful to Merck for the continued support towards “Women 4 Cancer” survivors and our recent collaboration through the “Merck More than a Patient” initiative. The cancer patients are also appreciative that Merck is assisting them to make strides in gaining financial independence beyond their cancer survivorship. Merck will also help raising awareness about Cancer and tackling myths and stigma associated with the disease, I am hoping we can together empower our communities to access accurate cancer information, which should result in behaviour change coupled with adoption of health seeking behaviour for quality cancer prevention and care”. Read about The women cancer survivors: “Merck More than a Patient” empowers Rose Chiedo, a cervical cancer survivor - read her story … Rose Atieno Chiedo, a 46 year old mother of one who lives in Nairobi, Kenya, is a cervical cancer survivor. Rose used to make and sell samosas before her cancer diagnosis and after her recovery she started to make jewellery in a small scale to cover some of her needs. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Rose to expand her jewellery business enabling her to generate a better and steady income to meet her needs and re-build her life. Below is Rose’s story before and after meeting “Merck More than a Patient.” Rose used to complain of lower backaches and suffered from spotting. She went to Kenyatta National Hospital in Nairobi for further investigation where she found out that she had cervical cancer Stage 2B. “When I was diagnosed with cancer in July 2013 the first thing that came to my mind was death,” Rose says as she narrates her painful journey. “Basically that is what anyone would think. People have a negative attitude towards cancer. The perception is that it cannot be treated” Rose added. Rose corrected the misconception about Cancer saying “Some people think Cancer is as a result of a curse or witchcraft. The truth, Cancer is NOT caused by witchcraft. Although some cancers run in the family and others result from exposure to certain chemicals and infections, many cancers may be due to preventable behavior and dietary risk factors. Many think that once diagnosed with cancer, one can only expect death. The truth is Cancer is NOT a death sentence. One can have good quality of life after cancer diagnosis, they need to seek treatment early, follow medical advice and join a cancer support group. Paying attention to signs and symptoms increases the chance and benefits of early detection and treatment; including better recovery and more affordable treatment costs.” Rose added    “I shared the news with my brother and he was shocked. He became very worried about my health and where the money to cater for my treatment would come from as we are orphans. There was no one who could help me other than him. It was a big blow to him because he knew the whole burden would be on him of which he actually took up,” Rose explains. Sad journey of treatment: “From the beginning to the end of my treatment it was just sad because I didn’t have money and I was depending on someone else for support. Before my illness, I used to sell samosas (a fried flour shell filled with minced meat or vegetables and spices) at that time at Ksh 5 per piece. So for 100 samosas I would get Ksh 500 (USD 5) in a day. But I was not able to manage the business as I would get weak and they are very heavy to carry and deliver for customers. So I stopped the business,” Rose says sadly. Rose was able to get treatment (radiotherapy and chemotherapy) in March 2014 after waiting for eight months. In August of the same year there was a recurrence and Rose had to go for further treatment. Women4Cancer a charitable organisation in Kenya supported her to cover her treatment in 2015. Speaking of her treatment Rose says: “The queues are so long at the hospital. It seems like one is fighting a losing battle. But I realized it was not a losing battle when I finished my treatment. And that is when I started fighting to survive.” After recovery, Rose has been making jewellery but on a very small scale to sell and support herself and other needy women. Rose had a dream to expand the business and train other women to generate income so that they become productive members in society. Rose’s jewellery business expanded: “Merck More than a Patient” is a new initiative of Merck Cancer Access Program with the aim to empower women cancer survivors to re-build their shattered lives after the devastating cancer experience. It will help them to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy,” says Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Rose to expand her jewellery business. Moreover, it has enrolled her in the Kenya Chamber of Commerce - Women in Business body, which will help her network with other entrepreneurial women, thus giving her a platform to generate even more business. “What Merck has done is really going to help me to improve my business from small-scale to large-scale. I make my jewelry at home and sell it to my neighbors and friends. This business is something I can do at my convenience. I can carry the beads wherever I am going and I can sit anywhere and do my bead work,” Rose says with confidence and joy. “I would really want to thank “Merck More than a Patient” and really appreciate them because this will help me to improve my life and will also enable me to use better quality materials because I can now be able to afford to buy them,” Rose adds. I am not a patient anymore. I am a survivor and I am a victor! Rose concludes. “Merck More than a Patient” empowers Esther Muthike, a cervical cancer survivor – Read her story Esther Wakabari Muthike is a 75 year old widow from Kirinyaga in eastern Kenya and is a cancer survivor. Her husband passed away 25 years ago. Before she fell ill, Esther was a farmer who also reared cows for milk. She had to sell her cow to cater for her cancer treatment expenses. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Esther to get a cow from which she is able to get milk to sell to cover her needs. This has enabled Esther to get a steady income to become independent and re-build her life. Below is Esther’s story before and after meeting “Merck More than a Patient.” Esther found out that she had cervical cancer in May 2015 at a medical camp organised by Women4Cancer. She was referred to Kenyatta National Hospital for further investigations and treatment in July 2015. She started radiotherapy and chemotherapy in September 2015 and finished treatment in November 2015. “When I was told I had cancer, I knew I would die even if I was being treated. The doctors told us that cancer is incurable,” Esther says. Stigmatised by family and community for having cancer: Esther explains how she was stigmatised by her family and community: “When people heard that I had cancer, they told me to sell all my property because the disease is incurable. People in the community avoided me because they thought I would infect them with cancer. It is only one of my daughters - Susan who stood by me. She is the only one who used to wash my clothes. I had a foul smell and so people avoided me. I could not even go to visit my neighbours either. I could only visit Susan my daughter.” “I used to be a small-scale farmer and I also had a cow that provided me and family with milk to sell some for an income. But I had to sell my cow when I fell ill with cancer. My daughter also sold her goats to help with the expenses,” Esther explains. Esther also stopped farming for a while due to the health issues and treatment procedures. However, after treatment, she went back to farming and hoped for help to buy a cow that would enable her to generate a steady income from the sale of milk to cater for her needs. Esther empowered and independent again: “Merck more than a Patient” initiative aims to empower women cancer survivors in Africa. This initiative has supported Esther to buy a cow to replace the one she sold to cover her treatment and to enable her to meet her needs and become independent again,” says Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. “Merck has really changed my life by giving me a cow.  I now feel better. I now get milk to drink and sell. I have money in my hands from the sale of the milk. Previously I was not getting any money. I have named this cow Wambui because of its beauty. Before I used to borrow milk from my neighbours. But now I am enjoying milk from Wambui. Since I got Wambui, I pray for Merck every day that they bless others the way they have blessed me. I am a victor, I am not sick anymore,” Esther says with a smile. “Merck More than a Patient” empowers Margaret Njenga, a cervical cancer survivor – Read her story Margaret Wanjiku Njenga is a cervical cancer survivor from Kiambu, Kenya. Margaret who is 47 years old is married with six children. She was diagnosed with cancer in August 2013 at a medical camp run by Women4Cancer. She was an active business woman who used to make and sell soap and disinfectants to schools. She also had a cow whose milk she used to sell. She could not continue with the business after she fell ill and she also had to sell her cow. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Margaret to get a cow which is about to give birth and she will have two. Margaret will be able to get a steady income from the sale of milk and be able to educate her children. Below is Margaret’s story before and after meeting “Merck More than a Patient.” Margaret explains: “My mother was diagnosed with cervical cancer in 2010. My sisters and I were advised to go for regular cancer screenings as we could also get it as it could be in our genes. I was screened four times and the doctors kept saying they could see something. In each of these times I was given medication. I went for a fifth check-up and the results showed an anomaly. I was advised to go to hospital and I was diagnosed with cancer.” Diagnosed with cancer and stops doing business and farming: At the hospital, Margaret was told she would need to have her uterus removed. “I went home and told my husband that I had cancer. Remembering how much pain my late mother had gone through and the amount of money she had spent on treatment and she still died, I told him it would be better to have my uterus removed so that I can raise my children,” she explains. “It didn’t mean that I would not die but I would have a few more years to live,” she adds. “I would lock myself in the house after my children go school. I would think a lot and cry. I always saw myself dying. Who would take care of my children? I asked myself. My heart was very troubled,” Margaret narrates sadly. “Before I became sick I used to make and sell home-made soap. I would go to schools to look for orders to supply them with the soap. I also started supplying the schools with toilet disinfectant. When I was diagnosed with cancer, I had to stop this job as it required walking long distances,” says Margaret. “A friend who also had her uterus removed loaned me Ksh 10,000 (USD 100) to book for treatment at the hospital. I also had a cow whose milk I used to sell. I had to sell my cow so that I could raise money for my treatment as I did not have the  Ksh 30,000 (USD 300) required for the treatment all at once. I was also too stressed such that I could not work,” Margaret adds. Margaret empowered and uplifted: When Margaret came from hospital she was unable to continue with the business she used to do before and they were struggling financially as a family. Their children were sent away from school for lack of fees as the money was not enough as she still had to buy medicine. “Merck More than a Patient” is a new initiative of Merck Cancer Access Program with the aim to empower women cancer survivors to re-build their shattered lives after the devastating cancer experience. It will help them to reclaim their lives and become active contributors to the economy,” says Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. Merck through “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Margaret to buy a cow that will enable her financially through selling milk. “I am very happy because “Merck More than a Patient” has come to my aid and bought me a cow that will help me to continue raising my children. They have uplifted me and I am very happy and may God bless them,” Margaret says with joy. “My cow has a few days before it gives birth. I might be lucky and get a heifer and I will have two cows. From this I will get more milk, have enough to drink and to sell and more money to educate my children. I can now move on with my life and with a grateful heart. We have named the cow Joy because of the joy it has brought back to this home. Merck has really uplifted me and now my life is moving on as I had hoped. I feel strong and able to continue with my life,” Margaret says with satisfaction. “Merck more than a Patient” empowers Loise Njenga, a cervical cancer survivor – Read her story Loise Wambui Kimani from Dagoretti, Nairobi was diagnosed with cervical cancer in August 2015. Loise who is 45 years and is married with five children has been struggling to take care of her family ever since as she had to stop working as a house help for a living. “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Loise to establish a shop from which she is able to get a steady income to cater for her needs and that of her family. Below is Loise’s story before and after meeting “Merck More than a Patient.” “I used to work as a house-help and used to be paid Ksh 6,000 (USD 60) per month which helped me cater for my children’s needs. When I was diagnosed with cancer I continued working but had to stop as I could not cope with the work load,” Loise explains. “I heard that anyone with cancer dies. I imagined I would die. I was in shock. I told my friends I had cancer but most of them told me when you have cancer you don’t live for long that someone just dies. I thought my life had come to an end,” Loise says. Rejected by community and life becomes hard: “People around me rejected me and thought I would infect them with cancer,” Loise says with sadness. “I eventually had my uterus removed and started radiotherapy in January 2016. When I came back home from the hospital, life became very hard. My husband became the sole breadwinner unlike before when we used to help each other. Our combined income used to help sustain the family,” she adds. Loise empowered and is now a victor: Merck through “Merck More than a Patient” has helped Loise establish a shop which is giving her a steady income and enabling her to take care of her family’s needs. “Merck has been very helpful because they have opened a shop for me and I am already enjoying the benefits. This shop is helping me to bring up my children and now I am able to help my husband,” Loise says with a smile. “I would like Merck to continue helping other cancer survivors because the disease is financially draining and when Merck comes in to help the burden becomes lighter. I thank them because they have done great things and God bless them very much. I am doing well, I am healed and I am a victor,” she says. “Merck More than a Patient initiative aims to empower women cancer survivors by helping them to establish a small business in order to generate a steady income to cater for their needs and enable them to re-build their lives,” says Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer Merck Healthcare.  Distributed by APO on behalf of Merck. About Merck: Merck (MerckGroup.com) is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to MerckGroup.com/Subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. Text copied to clipboard. ×Close Get freeAfrica-related contentOn your website, on your mobile, to your e-mail inbox... Twitter APO English Follow APO French Follow APO Arabic Follow APO Portuguese Follow RSS feeds Click to subscribe Recommended Source: The Department of Trade and Industry, South Africa | Nov 14, 2016 The dti rolls out Safer Paraffin Stoves Awareness Campaign to Kimberly According to the Minister of Trade and Industry, Dr Rob Davies the campaign is aimed at educating poor and vulnerable consumers about the importance of using approved appliances that comply with quality and safety and to remove non-compliant appliances from communities in and around Kimberley that pose a risk to their safety and socio-economic wellbeing Read more Share Favourite Print Source: British High Commission Accra | Nov 14, 2016 A statement by the UK on peaceful elections in Ghana British High Commission Accra's statement on peaceful elections in Ghana Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information | Nov 14, 2016 Dp Ramaphosa to address the Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP) Summit at the St Georges Hotel, Irene, Pretoria, 15 November 2016 The theme for the 3-day Summit from 15-17 November 2016 is: "See, Feel and Experience Public Employment Programmes (PEPs)” Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus | Nov 14, 2016 Ambassador of Belarus A.Molchan visits Namibia The parties discussed prospects of using the Belarusian equipment and technologies for agricultural mechanization of Namibia, issues of cooperation in higher education and technical training, as well as the collaboration in the areas of exploration and mining Read more Share Favourite Print Source: EU Delegation to Rwanda | Nov 14, 2016 Joint op-ed by Faustin-Archange Touadéra (President of the Central African Republic), Federica Mogherini (High Representative of the European Union for Foreign and Security Policy and Vice-President of the European Commission), Jan Eliasson (Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations), Makhtar Diop (Vice-President of the World Bank) Read more Share Favourite Print Subscribe to newsfeed Recommended categories Africa Foreign Policy African Development Business Events/Media Advisory Kenya Ethiopia Trade Nigeria South Africa Most viewed Source: British High Commission Accra | Nov 14, 2016 A statement by the UK on peaceful elections in Ghana British High Commission Accra's statement on peaceful elections in Ghana Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information | Nov 14, 2016 Dp Ramaphosa to address the Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP) Summit at the St Georges Hotel, Irene, Pretoria, 15 November 2016 The theme for the 3-day Summit from 15-17 November 2016 is: "See, Feel and Experience Public Employment Programmes (PEPs)” Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus | Nov 14, 2016 Ambassador of Belarus A.Molchan visits Namibia The parties discussed prospects of using the Belarusian equipment and technologies for agricultural mechanization of Namibia, issues of cooperation in higher education and technical training, as well as the collaboration in the areas of exploration and mining Read more Share Favourite Print Source: EU Delegation to Rwanda | Nov 14, 2016 Joint op-ed by Faustin-Archange Touadéra (President of the Central African Republic), Federica Mogherini (High Representative of the European Union for Foreign and Security Policy and Vice-President of the European Commission), Jan Eliasson (Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations), Makhtar Diop (Vice-President of the World Bank) Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland | Nov 14, 2016 Minister for Foreign Trade and Development Mykkänen to visit Tanzania and Kenya The two countries are Finland’s long-term partners in development cooperation but now they are hoping for more investments and trade with Finland Read more Share Favourite Print Most shared Source: International Monetary Fund (IMF) | Nov 11, 2016 IMF Statement on Tunisia Read more Share Favourite Print Source: United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) | Nov 11, 2016 UNDP Launches New Publication on 'A New Vision for Weather and Climate Services in Africa' The report, “A New Vision for Weather and Climate Services in Africa,” highlights new technologies and new approaches that will enable sub-Saharan African countries to support the sustainability of investments in the weather and climate services sector Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Merck | Nov 10, 2016 UNESCO Merck Africa Research Summit - MARS 2016 to Empower Women in Research with the focus on Infectious Diseases and Women Health UNESCO – MARS 2016 will bring together more than 200 researchers from more than 35 African countries Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Fédération internationale de football association (FIFA) | Nov 09, 2016 Young girls in far regions in Djibouti benefit from FIFA grassroots program This is for the first time in Djiboutian football history that 200 girls including some as young as 7 years of age were brought together to teach them football under the FIFA grassroots program to encourage women’s involvement in the beautiful game Read more Share Favourite Print Source: EU Delegation to Somalia | Nov 09, 2016 EU and FAO engage in supporting Somali coastal communities in the framework of IGAD regional initiative for Maritime Security Creating long-term jobs for youth in fishing community is a key strategy for preventing piracy and reducing temptations to engage in maritime crime Read more Share Favourite Print Privacy Policy Terms of service Sitemap Linkedin Facebook Google + It Pinterest Sync Video × Login OR Forgot your password?Don’t have an account? Sign up here Login
Home Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Sectors Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Regions Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Events Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Jobs Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Directory Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Search University of Edinburgh licence agreement with life sciences giant supports further understanding of disease 2-Nov-2016 Ingredients | Research Partnership provides researchers access to pioneering fluorescent probe technology to enhance our understanding of disease action Edinburgh Research & Innovation, the commercialisation arm of The University of Edinburgh, has entered a licence agreement with the life science business of Merck, a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. The licence agreement provides Merck with access to a pioneering technology to prepare fluorescent peptides as tools to understand how disease progresses in early stages and with improved resolution. 'At Merck, we are always looking for innovative ideas to enhance our customers research efforts. This compound from the University of Edinburgh offers researchers a way to fluorescently label peptides that has minimal interference with peptide structure. This will enable biological discovery and complement our portfolio of chemical biology tools,' said Udit Batra, Member of the Merck Executive Board, and CEO Life Science. A research team from The University of Edinburghs School of Clinical Sciences, led by the Principal Investigator Dr Marc Vendrell, worked in collaboration with academic partners at the University of Barcelona (Professor Rodolfo Lavilla) and The University of Manchester (Professor Nick Read) to co-invent the technology, the initial stages of which have been funded by the EU Commission via a Marie Curie Career integration Grant. This technology, which is the subject of a patent application, will allow the use of natural peptide mimics as disease reporters by applying a fluorescent compound that makes their identification easier under the microscope, as Dr Vendrell explains: 'Peptides are essential natural products, but they are not fluorescent and therefore invisible under the microscope. If we want to know how peptides behave, we need to attach them to fluorescent tags in order to see them. Crucially, it is very important that when we attach these tags to make peptides fluorescent, they behave exactly in the same way as they would in their natural state. This is exactly what we have achieved with our technology.' As an initial Proof of Concept, Dr Vendrell and colleagues used peptides binding to fungal cells to visualise fungal pathogens. Their research proved that the fluorescent peptides behaved exactly in the same way as the natural peptides. This is a major-breakthrough in peptide chemistry and in the biomedical sciences since it paves the way for a better understanding of disease onset and behaviour. Dr Vendrell added: 'One of the main advantages of our technology is that it can be broadly applied to almost all peptides, having a global impact in biomedicine. This means that our technology will improve our understanding of disease at many different levels, from cancer to the regeneration of tissues or the progression of inflammatory diseases.' Dr Angus Stewart-Liddon, ERIs Licensing Executive, said: 'This is an exciting breakthrough as it provides a powerful addition to our toolbox to investigate disease action. Working with the life science business of Merck means the technology will be made readily accessible to researchers worldwide, both in industry and in academia. It is another great example of the University working in collaboration with trusted industry partners to make valuable research tools accessible.' Companies Merck Group University of Edinburgh Subscriber Sign In email: password: Why subscribe? Related Articles BioMed X and Merck start new project in cancer research Merck opens pharma plant and plans to build life science services centre in China Merck expands biotech production capacity in Spain Merck introduces Mobius Power MIX 2000 for hard-to-mix biopharm ingredients Merck invests 50 million in pharmaceutical packaging building in Darmstadt Merck joins DiViNe consortium to improve vaccine purification processes Merck to provide Provantage manufacturing services to Y-mAbs Merck starts construction of $115 million life science campus in Burlington, MA Merck expands water purification systems with new high-throughput line Merck adds polymers for sustained release injectables to ingredients portfolio Related Press Releases Merck's Viresolve Pro Shield H virus filter removes protein aggregates and other impurities EMD Serono promotes Craig Millian to Senior Vice President, Neurology and Immunology Live Webinar: Environmental Monitoring in Isolators and RABS Merck expands Emprove program to include filtration and single-use products Related Jobs Ethiopia receives 14 million praziquantel tablets from Merck Merck appoints Maya Martinez-Davis as Global Head of Oncology Merck announces new biopharma heads for North America and China Laszlo Radvanyi joins Merck as Head of Global Immuno-Oncology Research About Manufacturing Chemist Contact Us About HPCi Media Limited Terms and Conditions Privacy ^ Top
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MERCK KGAA AKTIE»Merck Partners with American Cancer Society to Address Cancer in Women MERCK KGAA 94,94  Euro +0,07 +0,07 % WKN: 659990  ISIN: DE0006599905 Ticker-Symbol: MRK  Xetra | 14.11.16 | 17:35 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktDAX-30 Prime Standard DAX International 100 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 94,49 95,36 14.11. 94,71 95,06 14.11. 01.11.2016 | 16:29 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Merck Partners with American Cancer Society to Address Cancer in Women DARMSTADT, Germany, November 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cancer deaths in women are expected to increase to 5.5 million by 2030 Merck, a leading science and technology company, and the American Cancer Society (ACS) today released a report that shows all four of the top causes of cancer deaths in women worldwide are mostly preventable or can often be detected early, when treatment is more successful. The report, titled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women," is the first tangible output from an innovative partnership between Merck and the American Cancer Society focused on raising awareness and strengthening advocacy around women's cancers. "We are proud to partner with the American Cancer Society to address the impact cancer has on women worldwide," said Belén Garijo, member of the Executive Board and CEO Healthcare at Merck. "This collaboration is a first-of-its-kind public-private partnership that recognizes that no one sector can tackle this challenge alone. Improving women's health and well-being has an uplifting ripple effect on our world, and we know when women do better, our communities do better." The research examines the increasing impact of cancer among women in low- and middle-income countries - and outlines potential solutions to minimize the economic and societal impact of the disease for women, their families and healthcare systems. Cancer is the second leading cause of death in women, with breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancers claiming the most lives each year. With cancer rates on the rise as the global population grows and ages, the number of women who will lose their lives to cancer is expected to increase, particularly in low- and middle-income countries. In 2012, there were 3.5 million deaths among women due to cancer; by 2030 that number is expected to increase to 5.5 million deaths - a more than 57% increase in less than two decades. Increased education and prevention efforts will be essential to addressing this growing global health crisis. "It's incumbent upon both the public and private sectors, as members of the global health community, to find ways to reduce the impacts of cancer on women by increasing prevention and treatment, saving the lives of women across the globe," said Ambassador Sally Cowal, senior vice president, global cancer control at the American Cancer Society. In addition to the physical challenges women with cancer and their families experience, the burden of cancer also extends to the economy. The study found that in 2009, the global economic burden of cancer was estimated at about $ 286 billion, and much of that cost was due to premature death of members of the workforce. In the United States alone in 2008, years of productive life lost due to cancer in women corresponded to $ 82 billion, not to mention the many professional achievements that might have been realized. The report was released at the World Cancer Congress during a Merck panel moderated by Ambassador Cowal. Other participants included HRH Princess Dina Mired of Jordan; Dr. Alise Reicin, Head of Global Clinical Development in the biopharma business of Merck; and Dr. Edward L. "Ted" Trimble, director, Center for Global Health at the National Cancer Institute. This partnership will also catalyse the evolution of the American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars program, which aims to educate and cultivate health and civil society professionals in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia and India to affect meaningful change in prevention and early detection of cancers among women in low- and middle-income countries. This report is part of Merck's involvement with the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies initiative, which explicitly links the issue of women's health and well-being with economic growth. The full "Global Burden of Cancer in Women" report is available http://www.cancer.org/research/cancerfactsstatistics/global-burden-cancer-in-women. About the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies Initiative Merck is a founding partner of the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies initiative, which brings together the evidence about women's health and well-being and its impact on economic growth with the best practices that governments, employers and non-governmental organizations can follow. It aims to identify and implement policies that advance women's health and well-being to increase their economic participation in the societies in which they live. About the American Cancer Society The American Cancer Society is a global grassroots force of more than three million volunteers saving lives and fighting for every birthday threatened by every cancer in every community. As the largest voluntary health organization, the Society's efforts have contributed to a 20 percent decline in cancer death rates in the U.S. since 1991, and a 50 percent drop in smoking rates. Thanks in part to our progress, nearly 14 million Americans who have had cancer and countless more who have avoided it will celebrate more birthdays this year. We're determined to finish the fight against cancer. We're finding cures as the nation's largest private, not-for-profit investor in cancer research, ensuring people facing cancer have the help they need and continuing the fight for access to quality health care, lifesaving screenings, clean air and more. For more information, to get help, or to join the fight, call us anytime, day or night, at 1-800-227-2345 or visit cancer.org. About the American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars Program The American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars program aims to educate and cultivate young health and civil society professionals around the world to bring their energy, voice and new ideas to the new and growing field of integration of women's cancer prevention and early detection. All Merck press releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of €12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151019/278051LOGO ) © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu MERCK KGAA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mo Merck Korea and Incheon sign MOU on biopharm: Pharmaceutical giant Merck Korea signed a memorandum of ... ► Artikel lesen Mo BRIEF-Merck KGaA says primary endpoint was not met in study population ► Artikel lesen Mo Merck KGaA PT Set at €101.00 by Commerzbank AG ► Artikel lesen Mo Analysts Set Merck KGaA Target Price at $101.50 ► Artikel lesen Mo Merck: Study Results Confirm Potential Of Atacicept As Candidate Therapy For SLE VIENNA (dpa-AFX) - Merck KGaA (MKGAY.PK) reported the results of the ADDRESS II Phase IIb, multicenter study on atacicept in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus. The company said, although... ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Pharmaceuticals | Joint Ventures Merck Partners with American Cancer Society to Address Cancer in Women Download image Download image DARMSTADT, Germany, November 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cancer deaths in women are expected to increase to 5.5 million by 2030  Merck, a leading science and technology company, and the American Cancer Society (ACS) today released a report that shows all four of the top causes of cancer deaths in women worldwide are mostly preventable or can often be detected early, when treatment is more successful. The report, titled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women," is the first tangible output from an innovative partnership between Merck and the American Cancer Society focused on raising awareness and strengthening advocacy around women's cancers. "We are proud to partner with the American Cancer Society to address the impact cancer has on women worldwide," said Belén Garijo, member of the Executive Board and CEO Healthcare at Merck. "This collaboration is a first-of-its-kind public-private partnership that recognizes that no one sector can tackle this challenge alone. Improving women's health and well-being has an uplifting ripple effect on our world, and we know when women do better, our communities do better." The research examines the increasing impact of cancer among women in low- and middle-income countries - and outlines potential solutions to minimize the economic and societal impact of the disease for women, their families and healthcare systems. Cancer is the second leading cause of death in women, with breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancers claiming the most lives each year. With cancer rates on the rise as the global population grows and ages, the number of women who will lose their lives to cancer is expected to increase, particularly in low- and middle-income countries. In 2012, there were 3.5 million deaths among women due to cancer; by 2030 that number is expected to increase to 5.5 million deaths - a more than 57% increase in less than two decades. Increased education and prevention efforts will be essential to addressing this growing global health crisis. "It's incumbent upon both the public and private sectors, as members of the global health community, to find ways to reduce the impacts of cancer on women by increasing prevention and treatment, saving the lives of women across the globe," said Ambassador Sally Cowal, senior vice president, global cancer control at the American Cancer Society. In addition to the physical challenges women with cancer and their families experience, the burden of cancer also extends to the economy. The study found that in 2009, the global economic burden of cancer was estimated at about $ 286 billion, and much of that cost was due to premature death of members of the workforce. In the United States alone in 2008, years of productive life lost due to cancer in women corresponded to $ 82 billion, not to mention the many professional achievements that might have been realized. The report was released at the World Cancer Congress during a Merck panel moderated by Ambassador Cowal. Other participants included HRH Princess Dina Mired of Jordan; Dr. Alise Reicin, Head of Global Clinical Development in the biopharma business of Merck; and Dr. Edward L. "Ted" Trimble, director, Center for Global Health at the National Cancer Institute. This partnership will also catalyse the evolution of the American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars program, which aims to educate and cultivate health and civil society professionals in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia and India to affect meaningful change in prevention and early detection of cancers among women in low- and middle-income countries. This report is part of Merck's involvement with the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies initiative, which explicitly links the issue of women's health and well-being with economic growth. The full "Global Burden of Cancer in Women" report is available http://www.cancer.org/research/cancerfactsstatistics/global-burden-cancer-in-women. About the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies Initiative  Merck is a founding partner of the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies initiative, which brings together the evidence about women's health and well-being and its impact on economic growth with the best practices that governments, employers and non-governmental organizations can follow. It aims to identify and implement policies that advance women's health and well-being to increase their economic participation in the societies in which they live. About the American Cancer Society  The American Cancer Society is a global grassroots force of more than three million volunteers saving lives and fighting for every birthday threatened by every cancer in every community. As the largest voluntary health organization, the Society's efforts have contributed to a 20 percent decline in cancer death rates in the U.S. since 1991, and a 50 percent drop in smoking rates. Thanks in part to our progress, nearly 14 million Americans who have had cancer and countless more who have avoided it will celebrate more birthdays this year. We're determined to finish the fight against cancer. We're finding cures as the nation's largest private, not-for-profit investor in cancer research, ensuring people facing cancer have the help they need and continuing the fight for access to quality health care, lifesaving screenings, clean air and more. For more information, to get help, or to join the fight, call us anytime, day or night, at 1-800-227-2345 or visit cancer.org. About the American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars Program  The American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars program aims to educate and cultivate young health and civil society professionals around the world to bring their energy, voice and new ideas to the new and growing field of integration of women's cancer prevention and early detection. All Merck press releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of €12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO )      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151019/278051LOGO ) SOURCE Merck More by this Source Merck gana el R&D 100 Award por una invención superior 11 Nov, 2016, 19:19 GMT Merck remporte un prix R&D 100 pour son innovation 11 Nov, 2016, 15:55 GMT Merck Wins R&D 100 Award for Top Invention 11 Nov, 2016, 13:00 GMT View all news by Merck Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
null
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists EMA starts review of Pfizer and Merck's PD-L1 inhibitor Avelumab looks set to be the first new drug to treat Merkel cell carcinoma German Merck and Pfizer's bid to bring the fourth PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitor to market is now underway, with the EU regulator kicking off a review of avelumab for Merkel cell carcinoma. The marketing application is based on the results of the JAVELIN Merkel 200 study which involved patients with the rare and aggressive skin cancer who had previously been treated with chemotherapy and were presented at this year's ASCO meeting. In the trial, avelumab achieved an objective response rate (ORR) of 32%, with around 9% of patients seeing a complete response to the treatment. After a follow-up of 10.4 months, 82% of patients continued to respond to therapy. Merkel cell carcinoma can typically be treated with surgery if caught early, but the treatment options are "severely limited" for patients who have advanced disease at diagnosis, according to Luciano Rossetti, executive vice president, global head of R&D at the biopharma business of Merck. If approved, avelumab will join Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo (nivolumab), Merck & Co's Keytruda (pembrolizumab) and Roche's Tecentriq (atezolizumab) in the emerging checkpoint inhibitor class of cancer drugs, which are predicted to become a $30bn-plus market by 2022 thanks to unprecedented efficacy in a host of hard-to-treat cancers. Avelumab looks set to be the first new drug to treat Merkel cell carcinoma, so initially at least will sidestep the fierce competition between the other drugs in indications such as non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). "This is the first of what we hope will be many regulatory milestones for avelumab," said Chris Boshoff, senior vice president in charge of immuno-oncology at Pfizer. "We are committed to evaluating avelumab in a number of hard-to-treat cancers." Merck and Pfizer have phase II and III trials of avelumab ongoing in NSCLC, renal cell carcinoma and ovarian, gastric and bladder cancer. Despite the significant progress made with PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors, the majority of patients do not respond to these drugs when given alone so combination use with other drugs is a key strategy for all their developers. For example, Pfizer is looking at combining avelumab with two of its in-house immuno-oncology candidates, the 4-1BB (CD137) agonist utomilumab (PF-05082566) and OX40 agonist PF-04518600, as well as all three together as a triple anticancer regimen. Pfizer paid Merck $850m upfront to jointly develop and market avelumab for multiple cancer indications in 2014. If all goes according to plan the deal could be worth up to $2.85bn to the German drugmaker. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 1st November 2016 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content BMS teams up with Infinity Pharmaceuticals for Opdivo study Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo Opening up innovation NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Deal Watch September 2016 Related Hub content Case Study - Pfizer Video: Immuno-oncology therapies Video: Immuno-oncology therapies Free Thinking: From promise to practice: immuno-oncology in action From promise to practice: immuno-oncology in action Part 3 - Emerging Markets PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites NICE set to knock-back Amgen's myeloma treatment Kyprolis Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Amgen wins European approval for Parsabiv Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo A rock and a hard place greyhealth group appoints digital strategy director PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services CAN advertising Brief us and you’ll soon see we really CAN do it all. We’re different to other agencies. You’ll get expert... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Alzheimer's researchers find drug clears toxic clumps in brain By Press Association Published: 16:37 EST, 2 November 2016 | Updated: 16:38 EST, 2 November 2016 e-mail 13 shares A pioneering new drug has been shown to clear away toxic clumps of protein material in the brain thought to be a primary cause of Alzheimer's. The drug, verubecestat, is one of a number being trialled by pharmaceutical companies in a race for the first treatment that can halt or reverse the disease. Results from a small Phase 1 study confirm that verubecestat can reduce levels of beta-amyloid, a protein fragment that accumulates in sticky deposits or "plaques" in the brains of Alzheimer's sufferers. A new drug could offer hope to Alzheimer's sufferers Most importantly, it appeared to produce no severe side effects. Earlier experiments with drugs that work the same way, by targeting an enzyme linked to beta-amyloid build-up, were abandoned when they were found to cause liver and nerve damage. Publication of the trial findings comes as two much larger international trials testing the effectiveness of verubecestat in more than 3,000 patients near completion. Depending on the outcome of these Phase III studies, one arm of which is taking place in the UK, the drug could be licensed in the next two to three years. Verubecestat, made by drug giants Merck, is not alone. Two other medicines with the potential to modify Alzheimer's progression, solanezumab and aducanumab, are also undergoing Phase III trials. However both differ from the Merck drug in that they are antibodies designed to mount an immunological-style attack on beta-amyloid. Dr Rosa Sancho, from the charity Alzheimer's Research UK, said: "It has been over a decade since a new drug was licensed for the treatment of dementia, so we urgently need new medicines that can provide real benefit for people living with dementia. "There is a wave of potential new treatments currently being tested for dementia, with the results of these studies hotly anticipated over the course of the coming months and years. "In this small Phase I clinical trial, verubecestat was able to reduce the levels of a key Alzheimer's protein, but it remains to be seen whether this translates into slower memory decline for people with the disease." A history of past failures mean that scientists tread carefully when announcing apparently promising results from early studies of new Alzheimer's treatments. Currently there are medicines available that can alleviate some of the symptoms of the disease, but nothing capable of halting or slowing its progress. That situation may be about to change if drugs such as verubecestat pass the stiff tests of safety and effectiveness imposed by medicine regulators. The Phase I trial reported in the journal Science Translational Medicine recruited just 32 patients and was chiefly concerned with dosage and safety. Participants had mild or moderate Alzheimer's disease but were otherwise healthy. The study, led by Dr Matthew Kennedy, from Merck's US research laboratories in New Jersey, looked for markers of beta-amyloid in cerebrospinal fluid. It showed that single and multiple doses of verubecestat could lower levels of the harmful peptide without serious side effects. Other research by the same team found that a single dose of the drug markedly reduced levels of beta-amyloid in rats and monkeys. The animals showed no sign of toxicity even after extended treatment. Verubecestat is known as a BACE1 inhibitor. It targets an enzyme called beta-secretase 1 that slices up a precursor protein to produce beta-amyloid fragments. Dr Sancho added: "As verubecestat works differently to other drugs currently being tested for Alzheimer's, if it proves successful, it could be an important weapon in the arsenal for doctors treating the disease in future. "Alzheimer's is a complex and devastating disease and so a multi-pronged approach may give us the best chance of tackling it in the coming years. As the first BACE1 inhibitor to reach the final stages of testing in people, the ultimate test will be whether these ongoing trials show verubecestat can provide tangible benefits for people with Alzheimer's. "Scientists have reflected on past lessons in Alzheimer's drug development and it is promising to see an increasing number of drugs now entering Phase III clinical testing in the disease, giving us renewed hope in the hunt for new treatments." Verubecestat is administered in the form of tablets. Dr Clare Walton, research manager at the charity Alzheimer's Society, said: "Amyloid plaques are a key hallmark of Alzheimer's disease and most recent efforts to find new dementia treatments focus on reducing the production of amyloid or clearing plaques out of the brain. "This study describes a new drug that reduces the production of amyloid in people with dementia and, importantly, it appears to be safer than similar drugs that have come before. This finding has paved the way for much larger clinical trials that are currently under way, and we very much look forward to the results of these in the coming years." Share or comment on this article e-mail 13 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists NICE set to reject Merck’s Erbitux for head and neck cancer Draft guidance rules the treatment does not provide value for money NICE is poised not to back Merck KGaA's Erbitux (cetuximab) for the treatment of recurrent and/or metastatic squamous cell cancer of the head and neck on the NHS. In draft guidance, the UK cost-effectiveness regulator said that the drug does not represent value for money and expressed concern over 'significant uncertainties' in the evidence provided. Erbitux was first rejected by NICE for head and neck cancer in 2009 but is undergoing reappraisal as part of the watchdog's programme to assess all drugs that are currently available on the Cancer Drugs Fund. Merck has since provided further evidence for Erbitux to assist this appraisal process, reducing the indication to patients with mouth cancer alone as well as proposing an additional, undisclosed discount. However, the committee said that the new evidence does not adequately clarify why Erbitux should be more effective in mouth cancer patients than head and neck cancer patients. Professor Carole Longson, director of the health technology evaluation centre at NICE, said: “This decision not to recommend cetuximab as an option for treating mouth cancer will be disappointing for some patients. “However, we need to make sure the NHS makes the most of its resources by only funding treatments that are both clinically effective and represent good value for money.” Erbitux is still available to patients on the previous Cancer Drugs Fund programme, and will continue to be until final draft guidance is published. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Rebecca Clifford 2nd November 2016 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Communicating with payers to improve patient access Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence Merck KGaA appoints chief strategy officer NICE and ‘ultra orphans’ Related Hub content An apple to day to keep CCG sickness at bay Biosimilars - the Brexit of the pharmaceutical industry? When is sun safety doing more harm than good? The growing necessity for pharma to become a true health delivery partner of the NHS Case Study - Specsavers PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites NICE set to knock-back Amgen's myeloma treatment Kyprolis Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Amgen wins European approval for Parsabiv Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo A rock and a hard place greyhealth group appoints digital strategy director PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services CSafe Global CSafe Global is the only global provider of a full line of cold chain solutions and is the world’s largest... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search Verastem Licenses Duvelisib from Infinity Pharmaceuticals Transaction Adds Complementary Late-Stage Product Candidate from a Clinically Validated Drug Class to Verastem's Pipeline Duvelisib Has Demonstrated Clinical Activity in Lymphoid Malignancies License of Duvelisib Aligns with Verastem's Focus on Targeting the Tumor Microenvironment Verastem Management to Host Conference Call and Webcast at 8:30 a.m. ET Today News provided by Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Nov 02, 2016, 06:45 ET Share this article BOSTON and CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov. 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Verastem, Inc. (NASDAQ: VSTM) and Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: INFI), today announced that the companies entered into a license agreement under which Verastem licensed exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize Infinity's oncology product candidate duvelisib. Duvelisib is an oral inhibitor of phosphoinositide-3-kinase (PI3K)-delta and PI3K-gamma being investigated for the treatment of hematologic cancers, including chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), indolent non-Hodgkin lymphoma (iNHL) and T cell lymphomas. Verastem will pay to Infinity up to $28 million in milestones, with positive data from DUO®, a Phase 3, randomized monotherapy study of duvelisib in patients with relapsed/refractory CLL, triggering the first milestone payment, and royalties on net sales. "Duvelisib is a clinically validated, late-stage product candidate with a proven mechanism of action. This transaction has an attractive risk/reward profile given the modest financial investment prior to obtaining topline data from the DUO study, currently anticipated in the first half of 2017, as well as the potential applications for a variety of other lymphoid malignancies," said Robert Forrester, President and Chief Executive Officer of Verastem. "Duvelisib complements Verastem's oncology pipeline by augmenting our strategic focus of developing small molecule agents that target malignant cells both directly and through modulation of the tumor microenvironment. This transaction represents a positive step toward our goal of bringing new treatment options to patients with cancer. We are working closely with Infinity to ensure a smooth transition of the duvelisib program." "The potential of duvelisib is supported by clinical data demonstrating anti-cancer activity and a manageable safety profile in a wide range of lymphoid malignancies, including  relapsed/refractory  iNHL, CLL and T cell lymphomas," said Gregory I. Berk, MD, Chief Medical Officer of Verastem. "While there have been significant advances recently in the treatment of lymphoid malignancies, not all patients experience benefits or can tolerate these treatments. There remains a need for new oral medicines, and the targeted inhibition of PI3K-delta and PI3K-gamma brings a unique approach designed to address both the malignant B cell and its supportive microenvironment. We look forward to reporting data from the DUO study, which could enable a submission for regulatory approval." "Infinity has always been committed to finding innovative ways to develop novel medicines which hold significant promise for people living with cancer. Verastem provides duvelisib the best opportunity to advance toward regulatory filings and potential commercialization given their oncology-focused capabilities and deep knowledge of the tumor microenvironment," stated Adelene Perkins, President and Chief Executive Officer of Infinity. "Additionally, the license of duvelisib fulfills an important strategic goal for Infinity by preserving cash while enabling our shareholders to participate in the value of the duvelisib program through potential milestone payments and royalties to Infinity." Terms of Transaction Under the terms of the license agreement, Verastem is obligated to pay to Infinity up to $28 million in milestones. Infinity is entitled to receive two milestone payments, $6 million upon positive data from the DUO study and $22 million upon the first regulatory approval inside or outside of the U.S. Verastem will also pay Infinity tiered mid-to-high single-digit royalties on net sales and will be responsible for the single-digit-royalty on net sales of duvelisib owed by Infinity to MundiPharma International Corporation Limited and Purdue Pharmaceutical Products L.P. Verastem's Expanded Oncology Pipeline In addition to duvelisib, Verastem also holds worldwide rights to the tumor microenvironment-targeting focal adhesion kinase (FAK) inhibitors defactinib (VS-6063) and VS-4718. Verastem's lead FAK inhibitor, defactinib, is currently being evaluated in three separate clinical collaborations in combination with immunotherapeutic agents for the treatment of several different cancer types, including pancreatic, ovarian, non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma. These studies are combination clinical trials with pembrolizumab or avelumab from Merck & Co. and Pfizer/Merck KGaA, respectively. Verastem also owns rights to the FAK inhibitor VS-4718 and the dual PI3K and mTORC1/2 inhibitor VS-5584 which are both currently being evaluated in  Phase 1 clinical studies. Financial Guidance Based on current operating plans including duvelisib, Verastem expects to have sufficient cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments to fund its research and development programs and operations into 2018. Conference Call Information Verastem will host a conference call on November 2, 2016, at 8:30 a.m. ET to discuss the license agreement announced today. The call can be accessed by dialing 877-341-5660 (U.S. and Canada) or 315-625-3226 (international), and entering passcode 12230467. To access the live webcast, please use either the following link: http://edge.media-server.com/m/p/vsavfj6j or visit the investors section of the Verastem website at www.verastem.com. A replay of the call will be available on the Company's website for a period of 180 days from today. About the Tumor Microenvironment The tumor microenvironment encompasses various cellular populations and extracellular matrices within the tumor or cancer niche that support cancer cell survival. This includes immunosuppressive cell populations such as regulatory T cells, myeloid-derived suppressor cells, M2 tumor-associated macrophages, as well as tumor-associated fibroblasts and extracellular matrix proteins which can hamper the entry and therapeutic benefit of cytotoxic immune cells and anti-cancer drugs. In addition to targeting the proliferative and survival signaling of cancer cells, Verastem's compounds duvelisib, defactinib, VS-4718 and VS-5584 also target the tumor microenvironment as a mechanism of action to potentially improve a patient's response to therapy. About Duvelisib Duvelisib is an investigational, dual inhibitor of phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K)-delta and PI3K-gamma, two enzymes that are known to help support the growth and survival of malignant B cells and T cells. PI3K signaling may lead to the proliferation of malignant B cells and is thought to play a role in the formation and maintenance of the supportive tumor microenvironment.1,2,3 Duvelisib is currently being evaluated in late- and mid-stage clinical trials, including DUO®, a randomized, Phase 3 monotherapy study in patients with relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL)4, and DYNAMO®, a single-arm, Phase 2 monotherapy study in patients with refractory indolent non-Hodgkin lymphoma (iNHL) that achieved its primary endpoint of overall response rate upon topline analysis of efficacy data5. Duvelisib is also being evaluated for the treatment of hematologic malignancies through investigator-sponsored studies, including T cell lymphoma6. Information about duvelisib clinical trials can be found on www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Defactinib Defactinib (VS-6063) is an investigational inhibitor of Focal Adhesion Kinase (FAK), a non-receptor tyrosine kinase encoded by the PTK-2 gene that mediates oncogenic signaling in response to cellular adhesion and growth factors.7 Based on the multi-faceted roles of FAK, defactinib is used to treat cancer through modulation of the tumor microenvironment, enhancement of anti-tumor immunity, and reduction of cancer stem cells.8,9 Defactinib is currently being evaluated in three separate clinical collaborations in combination with immunotherapeutic agents for the treatment of several different cancer types including pancreatic, ovarian, non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma. These studies are combination clinical trials with pembrolizumab and avelumab from Merck & Co. and Pfizer/Merck KGaA, respectively.10,11,12 Information about these and additional clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of defactinib can be found on www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Verastem, Inc. Verastem, Inc. (NASDAQ: VSTM) is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing drugs to improve outcomes for patients with cancer. Verastem is currently developing duvelisib, a dual inhibitor of phosphoinositide-3-kinase (PI3K)-delta and PI3K-gamma, which has successfully met its primary endpoint in a Phase 2 study and is currently being evaluated in a Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). Other clinical product candidates include focal adhesion kinase (FAK) inhibitors VS-6063 and VS-4718, and dual PI3K/mTOR inhibitor VS-5584. VS-6063 is currently being evaluated in three separate clinical collaborations in combination with immunotherapeutic agents for the treatment of several different cancer types, including pancreatic, ovarian and non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma. Verastem's product candidates seek to treat cancer by modulating the local tumor microenvironment, enhancing anti-tumor immunity and reducing cancer stem cells. For more information, please visit www.verastem.com. About Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Infinity is an innovative biopharmaceutical company dedicated to advancing novel medicines for people with cancer. Infinity is advancing IPI-549, an oral immuno-oncology development candidate that selectively inhibits PI3K-gamma. A Phase 1 study in patients with advanced solid tumors is ongoing.13 For more information on Infinity, please refer to Infinity's website at www.infi.com. Verastem, Inc. forward-looking statements notice: This press release includes forward-looking statements about Verastem's strategy, future plans and prospects, including statements regarding the development and activity of Verastem's product candidates, duvelisib, defactinib (VS-6063), VS-4718 and VS-5584, and Verastem's FAK, PI3K/mTOR programs generally, the structure of our planned and pending clinical trials and the timeline and indications for clinical development, including reporting top-line data, and regulatory submissions, our rights to develop or commercialize our product candidates and our ability to finance contemplated development activities and fund operations for a specified period. The words "anticipate," "appear," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "predict," "project," "target," "potential," "will," "would," "could," "should," "continue," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statement. Applicable risks and uncertainties include the risks that the preclinical testing of Verastem's product candidates and preliminary or interim data from clinical trials may not be predictive of the results or success of ongoing or later clinical trials; that data may not be available when expected, including for the Phase 3 DUO study; that enrollment of clinical trials may take longer than expected; that our product candidates will cause unexpected safety events or result in an unmanageable safety profile as compared to their level of efficacy; that duvelisib will be ineffective at treating patients with lymphoid malignancies; that Verastem will be unable to successfully initiate or complete the clinical development of its product candidates; that the development of Verastem's product candidates will take longer or cost more than planned; that Verastem may not have sufficient cash to fund its contemplated operations; that the cost of the transaction to Verastem will not provide the intended positive financial results; that Verastem or Infinity will fail to fully perform under the license agreement; that the transition of the duvelisib program from Infinity will not be completed; that Verastem will not pursue or submit regulatory filings for its product candidates, including for duvelisib in patients with CLL or iNHL; and that Verastem's product candidates will not receive regulatory approval, become commercially successful products, or result in new treatment options being offered to patients. Other risks and uncertainties include those identified under the heading "Risk Factors" in Verastem's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and in any subsequent SEC filings. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release reflect Verastem's current views with respect to future events, and Verastem does not undertake and specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. forward-looking statements notice: This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include those regarding Infinity's expectations about: the receipt of milestone and royalty payments under the agreement with Verastem; the therapeutic and commercial potential of duvelisib and PI3K inhibition; Infinity's ability to transition the duvelisib program to Verastem; the preservation of Infinity's cash; and Infinity's ability to execute on its strategic plans. Such statements are subject to numerous important factors, risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from Infinity's current expectations. For example, there can be no guarantee that the transition of the duvelisib program to Verastem will be completed or that Infinity will receive any of the benefits of the agreement with Verastem including the receipt of milestone and royalty payments. Management's expectations and, therefore, any forward-looking statements in this press release could also be affected by risks and uncertainties relating to a number of other factors, including the following: Infinity's results of clinical trials and preclinical studies; a failure of Infinity and/or Verastem to fully perform under the license agreement; the content and timing of decisions made by the U.S. FDA and other regulatory authorities, investigational review boards at clinical trial sites and publication review bodies; Infinity's ability to obtain and maintain requisite regulatory approvals and to enroll patients in its clinical trial of IPI-549; unplanned cash requirements and expenditures; development of agents by Infinity's competitors for diseases in which Infinity is currently developing or intends to develop its product candidates; and Infinity's ability to obtain, maintain and enforce patent and other intellectual property protection for any product candidates it is developing. These and other risks which may impact management's expectations are described in greater detail under the caption "Risk Factors" included in Infinity's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on August 9, 2016, and other filings filed by Infinity with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date hereof, and Infinity expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CONTACTS: Verastem, Inc. Brian Sullivan Director, Corporate Development 781-292-4214 bsullivan@verastem.com Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Jaren Irene Madden Senior Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications 617-453-1336 Jaren.Madden@infi.com References 1 Winkler D.G., Faia K.L., DiNitto J.P. et al. PI3K-delta and PI3K-gamma inhibition by IPI-145 abrogates immune responses and suppresses activity in autoimmune and inflammatory disease models. Chem Biol 2013; 20:1-11. 2 Reif K et al.Cutting Edge: Differential Roles for Phosphoinositide 3 kinases, p110-gamma and p110-delta, in lymphocyte chemotaxis and homing. J Immunol 2004:173:2236-2240. 3 Schmid M et al. Receptor Tyrosine Kinases and TLR/IL1Rs Unexpectedly activate myeloid cell PI3K, a single convergent point promoting tumor inflammation and progression. Cancer Cell 2011;19:715-727. 4 www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02004522 5 www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT01882803 6 www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02783625, NCT02783625, NCT02158091 7Schaller MD and Parsons JT. Focal adhesion kinase: an integrin-linked protein tyrosine kinase. Trends Cell Biol. 1993 3: 258-62. 8 Jiang H et al. Targeting focal adhesion kinase renders pancreatic cancers responsive to checkpoint immunotherapy. Nat Med 2016: Aug 22(8) 851-60. 9Sulzmaier FJ et al. FAK in cancer: mechanistic findings and clinical applications. Nature Rev Cancer. 2014 14: 598-610. 10 www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02546531 11 www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02943317 12 www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02758587 13 www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02637531 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150916/267365LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/verastem-licenses-duvelisib-from-infinity-pharmaceuticals-300355644.html SOURCE Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Related Links http://www.infi.com Nov 04, 2016, 06:45 ET Preview: Infinity Moves the Date of its Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call and Webcast Oct 31, 2016, 08:02 ET Preview: Infinity Announces The Date Of Its Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call And Webcast My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 09, 2016, 13:05 ETInfinity Announces Second Publication on PI3K-Gamma in Nature Nov 09, 2016, 16:05 ETInfinity Provides Company Update and Reports Third Quarter 2016... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Licensing Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries You just read: Verastem Licenses Duvelisib from Infinity Pharmaceuticals News provided by Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Nov 02, 2016, 06:45 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Verastem Licenses Duvelisib from Infinity Pharmaceuticals By Published: Nov 2, 2016 6:45 a.m. ET Share Transaction Adds Complementary Late-Stage Product Candidate from a Clinically Validated Drug Class to Verastem’s PipelineDuvelisib Has Demonstrated Clinical Activity in Lymphoid MalignanciesLicense of Duvelisib Aligns with Verastem’s Focus on Targeting the Tumor MicroenvironmentVerastem Management to Host Conference Call and Webcast at 8:30 a.m. ET Today BOSTON & CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov 02, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Verastem, Inc. VSTM, +1.60% and Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. INFI, +2.31% today announced that the companies entered into a license agreement under which Verastem licensed exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize Infinity’s oncology product candidate duvelisib. Duvelisib is an oral inhibitor of phosphoinositide-3-kinase (PI3K)-delta and PI3K-gamma being investigated for the treatment of hematologic cancers, including chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), indolent non-Hodgkin lymphoma (iNHL) and T cell lymphomas. Verastem will pay to Infinity up to $28 million in milestones, with positive data from DUO®, a Phase 3, randomized monotherapy study of duvelisib in patients with relapsed/refractory CLL, triggering the first milestone payment, and royalties on net sales. “Duvelisib is a clinically validated, late-stage product candidate with a proven mechanism of action. This transaction has an attractive risk/reward profile given the modest financial investment prior to obtaining topline data from the DUO study, currently anticipated in the first half of 2017, as well as the potential applications for a variety of other lymphoid malignancies,” said Robert Forrester, President and Chief Executive Officer of Verastem. “Duvelisib complements Verastem’s oncology pipeline by augmenting our strategic focus of developing small molecule agents that target malignant cells both directly and through modulation of the tumor microenvironment. This transaction represents a positive step toward our goal of bringing new treatment options to patients with cancer. We are working closely with Infinity to ensure a smooth transition of the duvelisib program.” “The potential of duvelisib is supported by clinical data demonstrating anti-cancer activity and a manageable safety profile in a wide range of lymphoid malignancies, including relapsed/refractory iNHL, CLL and T cell lymphomas,” said Gregory I. Berk, MD, Chief Medical Officer of Verastem. “While there have been significant advances recently in the treatment of lymphoid malignancies, not all patients experience benefits or can tolerate these treatments. There remains a need for new oral medicines, and the targeted inhibition of PI3K-delta and PI3K-gamma brings a unique approach designed to address both the malignant B cell and its supportive microenvironment. We look forward to reporting data from the DUO study, which could enable a submission for regulatory approval.” “Infinity has always been committed to finding innovative ways to develop novel medicines which hold significant promise for people living with cancer. Verastem provides duvelisib the best opportunity to advance toward regulatory filings and potential commercialization given their oncology-focused capabilities and deep knowledge of the tumor microenvironment,” stated Adelene Perkins, President and Chief Executive Officer of Infinity. “Additionally, the license of duvelisib fulfills an important strategic goal for Infinity by preserving cash while enabling our shareholders to participate in the value of the duvelisib program through potential milestone payments and royalties to Infinity.” Terms of Transaction Under the terms of the license agreement, Verastem is obligated to pay to Infinity up to $28 million in milestones. Infinity is entitled to receive two milestone payments, $6 million upon positive data from the DUO study and $22 million upon the first regulatory approval inside or outside of the U.S. Verastem will also pay Infinity tiered mid-to-high single-digit royalties on net sales and will be responsible for the single-digit-royalty on net sales of duvelisib owed by Infinity to MundiPharma International Corporation Limited and Purdue Pharmaceutical Products L.P. Verastem’s Expanded Oncology Pipeline In addition to duvelisib, Verastem also holds worldwide rights to the tumor microenvironment-targeting focal adhesion kinase (FAK) inhibitors defactinib (VS-6063) and VS-4718. Verastem’s lead FAK inhibitor, defactinib, is currently being evaluated in three separate clinical collaborations in combination with immunotherapeutic agents for the treatment of several different cancer types, including pancreatic, ovarian, non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma. These studies are combination clinical trials with pembrolizumab or avelumab from Merck & Co. and Pfizer/Merck KGaA, respectively. Verastem also owns rights to the FAK inhibitor VS-4718 and the dual PI3K and mTORC1/2 inhibitor VS-5584 which are both currently being evaluated in Phase 1 clinical studies. Financial Guidance Based on current operating plans including duvelisib, Verastem expects to have sufficient cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments to fund its research and development programs and operations into 2018. Conference Call Information Verastem will host a conference call on November 2, 2016, at 8:30 a.m. ET to discuss the license agreement announced today. The call can be accessed by dialing 877-341-5660 (U.S. and Canada) or 315-625-3226 (international), and entering passcode 12230467. To access the live webcast, please use either the following link: http://edge.media-server.com/m/p/vsavfj6j or visit the investors section of the Verastem website at www.verastem.com. A replay of the call will be available on the Company’s website for a period of 180 days from today. About the Tumor Microenvironment The tumor microenvironment encompasses various cellular populations and extracellular matrices within the tumor or cancer niche that support cancer cell survival. This includes immunosuppressive cell populations such as regulatory T cells, myeloid-derived suppressor cells, M2 tumor-associated macrophages, as well as tumor-associated fibroblasts and extracellular matrix proteins which can hamper the entry and therapeutic benefit of cytotoxic immune cells and anti-cancer drugs. In addition to targeting the proliferative and survival signaling of cancer cells, Verastem’s compounds duvelisib, defactinib, VS-4718 and VS-5584 also target the tumor microenvironment as a mechanism of action to potentially improve a patient’s response to therapy. About Duvelisib Duvelisib is an investigational, dual inhibitor of phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K)-delta and PI3K-gamma, two enzymes that are known to help support the growth and survival of malignant B cells and T cells. PI3K signaling may lead to the proliferation of malignant B cells and is thought to play a role in the formation and maintenance of the supportive tumor microenvironment. [1,2,3 ] Duvelisib is currently being evaluated in late- and mid-stage clinical trials, including DUO®, a randomized, Phase 3 monotherapy study in patients with relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) [4] , and DYNAMO®, a single-arm, Phase 2 monotherapy study in patients with refractory indolent non-Hodgkin lymphoma (iNHL) that achieved its primary endpoint of overall response rate upon topline analysis of efficacy data [5] . Duvelisib is also being evaluated for the treatment of hematologic malignancies through investigator-sponsored studies, including T cell lymphoma. [6] Information about duvelisib clinical trials can be found on www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Defactinib Defactinib (VS-6063) is an investigational inhibitor of Focal Adhesion Kinase (FAK), a non-receptor tyrosine kinase encoded by the PTK-2 gene that mediates oncogenic signaling in response to cellular adhesion and growth factors. [7] Based on the multi-faceted roles of FAK, defactinib is used to treat cancer through modulation of the tumor microenvironment, enhancement of anti-tumor immunity, and reduction of cancer stem cells. [8,9 ] Defactinib is currently being evaluated in three separate clinical collaborations in combination with immunotherapeutic agents for the treatment of several different cancer types including pancreatic, ovarian, non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma. These studies are combination clinical trials with pembrolizumab and avelumab from Merck & Co. and Pfizer/Merck KGaA, respectively. [10,11,12] Information about these and additional clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of defactinib can be found on www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Verastem, Inc. Verastem, Inc. VSTM, +1.60% is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing drugs to improve outcomes for patients with cancer. Verastem is currently developing duvelisib, a dual inhibitor of phosphoinositide-3-kinase (PI3K)-delta and PI3K-gamma, which has successfully met its primary endpoint in a Phase 2 study and is currently being evaluated in a Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). Other clinical product candidates include focal adhesion kinase (FAK) inhibitors VS-6063 and VS-4718, and dual PI3K/mTOR inhibitor VS-5584. VS-6063 is currently being evaluated in three separate clinical collaborations in combination with immunotherapeutic agents for the treatment of several different cancer types, including pancreatic, ovarian and non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma. Verastem’s product candidates seek to treat cancer by modulating the local tumor microenvironment, enhancing anti-tumor immunity and reducing cancer stem cells. For more information, please visit www.verastem.com. About Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Infinity is an innovative biopharmaceutical company dedicated to advancing novel medicines for people with cancer. Infinity is advancing IPI-549, an oral immuno-oncology development candidate that selectively inhibits PI3K-gamma. A Phase 1 study in patients with advanced solid tumors is ongoing. [13] For more information on Infinity, please refer to Infinity’s website at www.infi.com. Verastem, Inc. forward-looking statements notice: This press release includes forward-looking statements about Verastem’s strategy, future plans and prospects, including statements regarding the development and activity of Verastem’s product candidates, duvelisib, defactinib (VS-6063), VS-4718 and VS-5584, and Verastem’s FAK, PI3K/mTOR programs generally, the structure of our planned and pending clinical trials and the timeline and indications for clinical development, including reporting top-line data, and regulatory submissions, our rights to develop or commercialize our product candidates and our ability to finance contemplated development activities and fund operations for a specified period. The words “anticipate,” “appear,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “predict,” “project,” “target,” “potential,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “continue,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statement. Applicable risks and uncertainties include the risks that the preclinical testing of Verastem’s product candidates and preliminary or interim data from clinical trials may not be predictive of the results or success of ongoing or later clinical trials; that data may not be available when expected, including for the Phase 3 DUO study; that enrollment of clinical trials may take longer than expected; that our product candidates will cause unexpected safety events or result in an unmanageable safety profile as compared to their level of efficacy; that duvelisib will be ineffective at treating patients with lymphoid malignancies; that Verastem will be unable to successfully initiate or complete the clinical development of its product candidates; that the development of Verastem’s product candidates will take longer or cost more than planned; that Verastem may not have sufficient cash to fund its contemplated operations; that the cost of the transaction to Verastem will not provide the intended positive financial results; that Verastem or Infinity will fail to fully perform under the license agreement; that the transition of the duvelisib program from Infinity will not be completed; that Verastem will not pursue or submit regulatory filings for its product candidates, including for duvelisib in patients with CLL or iNHL; and that Verastem’s product candidates will not receive regulatory approval, become commercially successful products, or result in new treatment options being offered to patients. Other risks and uncertainties include those identified under the heading “Risk Factors” in Verastem’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in any subsequent SEC filings. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release reflect Verastem’s current views with respect to future events, and Verastem does not undertake and specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. forward-looking statements notice: This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include those regarding Infinity’s expectations about: the receipt of milestone and royalty payments under the agreement with Verastem; the therapeutic and commercial potential of duvelisib and PI3K inhibition; Infinitity’s ability to transition the duvelisib program to Verastem; the preservation of Infinity’s cash; and Infinity’s ability to execute on its strategic plans. Such statements are subject to numerous important factors, risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from Infinity’s current expectations. For example, there can be no guarantee that the transition of the duvelisib program to Verastem will be completed or that Infinity will receive any of the benefits of the agreement with Verastem including the receipt of milestone and royalty payments. Management’s expectations and, therefore, any forward-looking statements in this press release could also be affected by risks and uncertainties relating to a number of other factors, including the following: Infinity’s results of clinical trials and preclinical studies; a failure of Infinity and/or Verastem to fully perform under the license agreement; the content and timing of decisions made by the U.S. FDA and other regulatory authorities, investigational review boards at clinical trial sites and publication review bodies; Infinity’s ability to obtain and maintain requisite regulatory approvals and to enroll patients in its clinical trial of IPI-549; unplanned cash requirements and expenditures; development of agents by Infinity’s competitors for diseases in which Infinity is currently developing or intends to develop its product candidates; and Infinity’s ability to obtain, maintain and enforce patent and other intellectual property protection for any product candidates it is developing. These and other risks which may impact management’s expectations are described in greater detail under the caption “Risk Factors” included in Infinity’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on August 9, 2016, and other filings filed by Infinity with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date hereof, and Infinity expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. References [1 ] Winkler D.G., Faia K.L., DiNitto J.P. et al. PI3K-delta and PI3K-gamma inhibition by IPI-145 abrogates immune responses and suppresses activity in autoimmune and inflammatory disease models. Chem Biol 2013; 20:1-11. [2 ] Reif K et al.Cutting Edge: Differential Roles for Phosphoinositide 3 kinases, p110-gamma and p110-delta, in lymphocyte chemotaxis and homing. J Immunol 2004:173:2236-2240. [3 ] Schmid M et al. Receptor Tyrosine Kinases and TLR/IL1Rs Unexpectedly activate myeloid cell PI3K, a single convergent point promoting tumor inflammation and progression. Cancer Cell 2011;19:715-727. [4] www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02004522 [5] www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT01882803 [6] www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02783625, NCT02783625, NCT02158091 [7] Schaller MD and Parsons JT. Focal adhesion kinase: an integrin-linked protein tyrosine kinase. Trends Cell Biol. 1993 3: 258-62. [8 ] Jiang H et al. Targeting focal adhesion kinase renders pancreatic cancers responsive to checkpoint immunotherapy. Nat Med 2016: Aug 22(8) 851-60. [9] Sulzmaier FJ et al. FAK in cancer: mechanistic findings and clinical applications. Nature Rev Cancer. 2014 14: 598-610. [10] www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02546531 [11 ] www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02943317 [12] www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02758587 13 www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02637531 View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161102005608/en/ SOURCE: Verastem, Inc. and Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Verastem, Inc. Brian Sullivan, 781-292-4214 Director, Corporate Development bsullivan@verastem.com or Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Jaren Irene Madden, 617-453-1336 Senior Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Jaren.Madden@infi.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Verastem Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: VSTM $1.27 +0.02 (+1.60%) Volume 60736 Open $1.28 High $1.28 Low $1.24 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 46.2M Infinity Pharmaceuticals Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: INFI $1.33 +0.03 (+2.31%) Volume 535.6K Open $1.31 High $1.38 Low $1.30 P/E Ratio 4.93 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 64.6M Verastem Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: VSTM $1.27 +0.02 (+1.60%) Volume 60736 Open $1.28 High $1.28 Low $1.24 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 46.2M LatestNews

null
unc | higher ed student life sports politics chapel hill swerve opinion multimedia Special Projects read more blogs about more info advertise classifieds dining events housing paper locator email edition buy photos BOG hears concerns about inclusion at Strategic Planning forum 'Hidden Figures' author shares story of the black women behind the space race Nobel Prize-winning scientist gives notes to Wilson Library tech and research higher education Carolina Hall history exhibit open to public In emotional atmosphere, teachers take class time to discuss election results Hasan Minhaj brings jokes about election results to uNC pit talk DTH at a Glance: This is what dreeeams are made of DTH at a Glance: Coaches who care North Carolina and Duke tied 21-21 at halftime DTH at a Glance: Getting the blues DTH at a Glance Business Boom From the Press Box DTH Sports at a Glance You Asked for It Pit Talk Canvas Medium View from the Hill Carolina Living Dress Code Tar Heel Life Hacks Town Talk DTH News Quiz The 13 Percent Having It All Paige Views Fair Game UNC women's soccer coach Anson Dorrance covets culture over championships Kennedy Meeks embraces rebounding role in UNC's 97-57 win over Chattanooga Tony Bradley stands out in UNC basketball's season-opening wins Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Wrestling Men's Tennis Women's Tennis Track and Field Fencing Swimming and Diving Gymnastics Governor’s race remains up in the air as McCrory prepares challenge View from the Hill: SNL addresses Trump's win, attempts to give hope Clear gubernatorial result will not be available for days view from the hill All up in your business for Nov. 14, 2016 Carolina Square kick-starts apartment leasing Plans for Orange County light rail still undecided crime business town talk Which charity should you donate to right now? Rogue, swimming deer breaks into 'Doe-man' Gray Memorial Pool Get'cha head in the game with the best Disney soundtracks Letter: ​Misinformation is a flawed argument Letter: ​This doesn’t have to be our legacy Letter: Electoral College is not fully to blame columns editorials letters columnists kvetching board Gallery: Tattoo artist Mike Wheeler shades a tattoo at Glenn's Tattoo Service Video: What is Swerve? Gallery: Black Friday protest video gallery through the lens blog hiring policies corrections contact history public records Admissions Faculty Tech and Research Local Food Carol Folt UNC Athletics and Student Athletes All Topics Admissions Faculty Tech and Research Local Food Carol Folt UNC Athletics and Student Athletes all topics advertise classifieds dining events housing paper locator email edition buy photos Letter: ​Misinformation is a flawed argument Letter: ​This doesn’t have to be our legacy Letter: Electoral College is not fully to blame Special Project & Investigations Q&A with professor Sachiko Ozawa about $9 billion economic cost of vaccine-preventable diseases Rebecca Ayers | Published 11/02/16 12:37am A study conducted through the UNC Eshelman School of Pharmacy, led by Associate Professor Sachiko Ozawa in partnership with Merck, a biopharmaceutical company, showed vaccine-preventable diseases cost the U.S. economy about $9 billion in 2015. Daily Tar Heel staff writer Rebecca Ayers sat down with Ozawa to ask about the study. Related Content Taking on Duke in every sport, even the cyber ones Hanzhang Connie Jin 11/10/16 12:20am Town to commemorate 50 years of desegregation in Chapel Hill-Carrboro City Schools Olivia Ross 10/28/16 12:40am DEA withdraws scheduling of kratom Carina McDermed 10/27/16 1:45am Affordable Care Act rates increase in 2017 Ari Sen 10/24/16 1:27am UNC organizations part of hurricane relief efforts for Eastern N.C. Eva Ellenburg 10/17/16 10:46pm Take a Glance at new social app Hopspot PAID CONTENT 10/13/16 4:49pm DTH: Do you find this movement not to vaccinate children and adults a growing problem, and why is it so important to get vaccinated? SO: Yeah, I think it is a growing problem because people really don’t understand the amount, the scale of the economic costs that we’re incurring. These are preventable diseases, these are diseases that we can actually avoid if we were to be vaccinated. And people aren’t necessarily putting a value in that prevention and instead actually incurring these costs. DTH: Do you think parents not getting their children vaccinated has to do with the study that showed the (Measles, Mumps and Rubella) vaccine caused autism in children, even though it was proven false? SO: The MMR vaccine really being linked to Autism was debunked many, many times. The author who came up with the medicine paper has been de-licensed and he can no longer practice medicine. It’s really done a terrible disservice to, I think, public health in general because people are very worried and kind of fearful ... But the benefit of vaccination really is that you have this thing call herd immunity, so if you vaccinate people then those who are not vaccinated can also benefit from the protection that they receive. DTH: How does this affect health care in the U.S.? SO: It affects health care insomuch that we’re spending both time and effort in fighting diseases that we can actually prevent. So, people are actually spending money for medications, for in-patient care, and people actually have to leave the workplace for sick leave in order to actually seek care. So, those are the kinds of costs that could actually be saved to individuals, to families as well to the actual health care system. DTH: How do you think a growing number of children and adults not getting vaccinated will affect the U.S. in the future? SO: This actually kind of accumulates, so if more people continue not to get vaccinated, it will continue to incur more costs. As our population actually gets older, there’s going to be more and more people who are going to need more care. Care becomes more expensive as you get older — if more adults currently can start to value more in vaccinations, then we may be able to prevent more costs into the future. @rebeccaayers234 state@dailytarheel.com CLARIFICATION: A previous version was unclear about the costs of vaccine-preventable diseases. These diseases cost the U.S. $9 billion, but the cost of not vaccinating is $7 billion. The difference — $2 billion — is an unavoidable cost. Thanks for reading. Read more in UNC Eshelman School of Pharmacy,  Corrections,  Share on social media? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Please note All comments are eligible for publication in The Daily Tar Heel. Award-winning chef and musician return to Chapel Hill after years apart Acy Jackson 18 hours ago Editor's Picks Die-in at the Union gave students space to express their reactions to the week's police shootings Out of time and out of space: Chapel Hill's cemeteries are at capacity Drunk, Sober, High: Carrboro Music Festival Column: Mixing it up for Orlando Recent Content Recent Comments amrhodes00 said: Please stop coddling students. Safe spaces do not ... Talking About In emotional atmosphere, teachers take class time to discuss election results JWJ said: quoting from another writer: " when you treat an ... Talking About In emotional atmosphere, teachers take class time to discuss election results Usernameface said: I'm sorry but this is patently ridiculous. First, ... Talking About In emotional atmosphere, teachers take class time to discuss election results Mark said: I am a man. I know what it means to be a man. Whoever ... Talking About Opinion: Men, look to leaders who keep respect as a core value Mark said: Why is it that those who claim with the loudest voice ... Talking About Letter: ​This doesn’t have to be our legacy The Daily Tar Heel presents: The Basketball Preview for 2016 Print Edition Facebook Twitter Tweets by @dailytarheel Featured Topics All Topics Admissions Faculty Tech and Research Local Food Carol Folt UNC Athletics and Student Athletes The Daily Tar Heel presents: The Basketball Preview for 2016 Print Edition home unc & higher ed student life blogs sports politics chapel hill swerve opinion Copyright Policy © 2016 Privacy Policy about hiring events advertise classifieds housing dining paper locator buy photos dailytarheel.com dailytarheel.com Copyright Policy © 2016 Privacy Policy Powered by Solutions by The State News. Powered by Solutions by The State News. about hiring events advertise classifieds housing dining paper locator unc | higher ed unc | higher ed tech and research higher education student life student life pit talk sports sports cross country field hockey football golf m. basketball m. soccer volleyball w. basketball w. soccer club sports all varsity sports from the press box future heels politics politics view from the hill chapel hill chapel hill crime business town talk swerve opinion opinion columns editorials letters columnists kvetching board blogs blogs DTH News Quiz The 13 Percent Carolina Living Tar Heel Life Hacks Business Boom Fair Game Having It All DTH Sports at a Glance Paige Views DTH at a Glance Medium Dress Code You Asked for It Pit Talk Canvas From the Press Box View from the Hill Town Talk about about hiring policies corrections contact history public records special projects read more advertise classifieds dining events housing paper locator email edition buy photos
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Top 5 Vendors in the Global Animal Antibacterial and Antibiotics Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio 01.11.2016 | 21:19 (3 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Top 5 Vendors in the Global Animal Antibacterial and Antibiotics Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio Technavio has announced the top five leading vendors in their recentglobal animal antibacterial and antibiotics market report. This research report also lists 18 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. Competitive vendor landscape According to the report, the global animal antibacterial and antibiotics market is highly fragmented with several small and large vendors. The vendors collaborate or acquire other vendors to stay competitive in the market. High growth opportunities in the market enable the entry of new players. Consumption of animal protein has been rising rapidly across the globe with emerging countries bringing the maximum growth in demand. To meet this growing demand, countries are using cost-efficient and vertically integrated intensive livestock production system. To keep the animals healthy and maintain productivity under such programs, the demand, as well as consumption of antibacterials and antibiotics is growing in proportion. However, overuse of antibiotics leads to the increase of antibiotic-resistant strains of bacteria, which becomes a significant threat to the future efficacy of antibiotics. The emerging countries such as India and China lead the chart here as the use of antibiotics in animals is unregulated in most of the developing countries, especially India," says Sapna Jha, lead infectious and rare diseases analyst from Technavio. As one of the latest moves, the US FDA is trying to control the unapproved use of animal antibiotic as 'growth promoters.' The authority created a three-year program in 2013 where it asked all veterinary antibiotics makers to change the label instruction and remove the words 'growth promoters' from the label. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=54101 Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technaviohealthcare and life sciencesresearch analysts identify the following key vendors: Zoetis Zoetis was the leading vendor in the global animal antibacterial and antibiotics market in 2015. The company is involved in the discovery, development, manufacturing, and commercialization of a broad range of animal healthcare medications and vaccines for food animals, livestock, and companion animals. Its major product categories are anti-infectives, vaccines, medicated feed additives, parasiticides, and other pharmaceuticals. Other non-pharmaceuticals include different product categories including nutritionals, agribusiness, diagnostics, devices, genetics, and professional consulting. Merck Animal Health The company was the second-leading vendor in the global animal antibacterial and antibiotics market in 2015. The company is engaged in the development, manufacturing, and marketing of various veterinary medicines and services. The products offered by Merck Animal Health are meant for inhibiting, treating, and controlling veterinary diseases among several farm and companion animals, which include canine, feline, equine, cattle, poultry, and swine. The range of products offered by the company is inclusive of veterinary pharmaceuticals, parasiticides, vaccines, and different types health management solution for veterinarians, producers, farmers, pet owners, and governments. Merial Merial is engaged in R&D, manufacturing, and marketing of various pharmaceuticals and vaccines for companion animals, food animals, horses, and wildlife. The company offers its products to various veterinarians, distributors, and government agencies, among others. The company also serves beef and dairy producers and veterinarians worldwide. The company is engaged in the veterinary public health services. Some of its products include Heartgard, NexGard, Ivomec, Frontline, and Eprinex. Elanco The company is involved in the development and marketing of products for the improvement of animal health. The company has developed more than 35 animal healthcare and agricultural products, and has sales in more than 75 countries. It is committed to protein production, companion animal health, and food safety. Its products help the food animal industry to produce an abundant supply of various safe, nutritious, and affordable food animals. The company also provides antibacterials, anticoccidials, vaccines, and parasiticides for pets and livestock. It also serves farmers and livestock producers, veterinarians, pet owners, animal nutritionists, nutrition suppliers, feed mill operators, food processors and packagers, and grocers and food retailers worldwide. Bayer HealthCare Bayer HealthCare is engaged in the R&D of animal health products and products for pest control. Bayer HealthCare has a strong distribution network including animal owners and veterinarians, farmers, and breeders. It serves customers worldwide including the Americas, EMEA, and APAC. The company develops, produces, and markets healthcare and agricultural products and high-tech polymer materials. The company has a wide portfolio of antibacterial; parasiticides; nutritional supplements and feed additives; pharmacological agents, including sedatives and painkillers for dogs, cats, and horses; and vaccines for cattle, swines, sheep, poultry, aquaculture, and bees. The company also provides anti-infectives, disinfectants, ectoparasiticides, insecticides, and rodenticides for bees, calves, ferrets, goats, insects, microorganisms, rodents, sheep, and zoo/wild animals. All product names, brands and trademarks mentioned in this release are the property of their respective owners. Browse Related Reports: Animal Health Market in North America 2015 2019 Global Pet Dietary Supplements Market 2016-2020 Global Medicinal Feed Additives Market 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161101006605/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists Merck licenses University of Edinburgh research tool Gains access to novel disease progression technology Merck KGaA has acquired access to a pioneering research tool from The University of Edinburgh for the study of early stage disease progression. Developed by the university's commercialisation arm, Edinburgh Research & Innovation, the technology uses a fluorescent compound to tag peptides and so make them visible as disease reporters. The tool, which has been designed not interfere to with the peptides' natural state, makes their identification easier under a microscope and so allows researchers to better track disease onset and behaviour. Dr Marc Vendrell, principal investigator of The University of Edinburgh's School of Clinical Sciences team, said: “One of the main advantages of our technology is that it can be broadly applied to almost all peptides, having a global impact in biomedicine. “This means that our technology will improve our understanding of disease at many different levels, from cancer to the regeneration of tissues or the progression of inflammatory diseases.” Currently subject of a patent application, the peptide technology was funded by a Marie Curie Career Integration Grant from the EU Commission, and worked on with academic partners at the University of Barcelona and the University of Manchester. Merck's Udit Batra, chief executive of Merck Life Science, said: “At Merck, we are always looking for innovative ideas to enhance our customers' research efforts. “This compound from the University of Edinburgh offers researchers a way to fluorescently label peptides that has minimal interference with peptide structure. “This will enable biological discovery and complement our portfolio of chemical biology tools.” Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Rebecca Clifford 1st November 2016 From: Research Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo Merck KGaA appoints chief strategy officer The future is bright Healthcare and the digital revolution Related Hub content Navigating the way to a positive HTA: avoiding snakes, climbing ladders Connected Health Smiles That Save Lives Delivering made to measure audiences and target patient populations – we are Amscreen (video) Thoughts on the intersection between technology and psychology PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package SAE – Healthcare Policy/Healthcare PR Senior Project Manager – Medical Communications – Herts Multiple Senior Brand Managers - Rare Disease/Neuro/GI - London Competitive Package Salary Research Director- Head of UK Negotiable Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites NICE set to knock-back Amgen's myeloma treatment Kyprolis Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Amgen wins European approval for Parsabiv Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo A rock and a hard place greyhealth group appoints digital strategy director PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Quintiles With a network of more than 27,000 employees conducting business in approximately 100 countries, we have helped develop or commercialize... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
378333 3408 sfoglia le notizie ACCEDI REGISTRATI Utente Password Password dimenticata METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Pr Newswire . Merck Partners with American Cancer Society to Address Cancer in Women Merck Partners with American Cancer Society to Address Cancer in Women PR NEWSWIRE Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 01/11/2016 16:29 DARMSTADT, Germany, November 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, and the American Cancer Society (ACS) today released a report that shows all four of the top causes of cancer deaths in women worldwide are mostly preventable or can often be detected early, when treatment is more successful. The report, titled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women," is the first tangible output from an innovative partnership between Merck and the American Cancer Society focused on raising awareness and strengthening advocacy around women's cancers. "We are proud to partner with the American Cancer Society to address the impact cancer has on women worldwide," said Belén Garijo, member of the Executive Board and CEO Healthcare at Merck. "This collaboration is a first-of-its-kind public-private partnership that recognizes that no one sector can tackle this challenge alone. Improving women's health and well-being has an uplifting ripple effect on our world, and we know when women do better, our communities do better." The research examines the increasing impact of cancer among women in low- and middle-income countries - and outlines potential solutions to minimize the economic and societal impact of the disease for women, their families and healthcare systems. Cancer is the second leading cause of death in women, with breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancers claiming the most lives each year. With cancer rates on the rise as the global population grows and ages, the number of women who will lose their lives to cancer is expected to increase, particularly in low- and middle-income countries. In 2012, there were 3.5 million deaths among women due to cancer; by 2030 that number is expected to increase to 5.5 million deaths - a more than 57% increase in less than two decades. Increased education and prevention efforts will be essential to addressing this growing global health crisis. "It's incumbent upon both the public and private sectors, as members of the global health community, to find ways to reduce the impacts of cancer on women by increasing prevention and treatment, saving the lives of women across the globe," said Ambassador Sally Cowal, senior vice president, global cancer control at the American Cancer Society. In addition to the physical challenges women with cancer and their families experience, the burden of cancer also extends to the economy. The study found that in 2009, the global economic burden of cancer was estimated at about $ 286 billion, and much of that cost was due to premature death of members of the workforce. In the United States alone in 2008, years of productive life lost due to cancer in women corresponded to $ 82 billion, not to mention the many professional achievements that might have been realized. The report was released at the World Cancer Congress during a Merck panel moderated by Ambassador Cowal. Other participants included HRH Princess Dina Mired of Jordan; Dr. Alise Reicin, Head of Global Clinical Development in the biopharma business of Merck; and Dr. Edward L. "Ted" Trimble, director, Center for Global Health at the National Cancer Institute. This partnership will also catalyse the evolution of the American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars program, which aims to educate and cultivate health and civil society professionals in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia and India to affect meaningful change in prevention and early detection of cancers among women in low- and middle-income countries. This report is part of Merck's involvement with the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies initiative, which explicitly links the issue of women's health and well-being with economic growth. The full "Global Burden of Cancer in Women" report is available http://www.cancer.org/research/cancerfactsstatistics/global-burden-cancer-in-women. About the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies Initiative  Merck is a founding partner of the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies initiative, which brings together the evidence about women's health and well-being and its impact on economic growth with the best practices that governments, employers and non-governmental organizations can follow. It aims to identify and implement policies that advance women's health and well-being to increase their economic participation in the societies in which they live. About the American Cancer Society  The American Cancer Society is a global grassroots force of more than three million volunteers saving lives and fighting for every birthday threatened by every cancer in every community. As the largest voluntary health organization, the Society's efforts have contributed to a 20 percent decline in cancer death rates in the U.S. since 1991, and a 50 percent drop in smoking rates. Thanks in part to our progress, nearly 14 million Americans who have had cancer and countless more who have avoided it will celebrate more birthdays this year. We're determined to finish the fight against cancer. We're finding cures as the nation's largest private, not-for-profit investor in cancer research, ensuring people facing cancer have the help they need and continuing the fight for access to quality health care, lifesaving screenings, clean air and more. For more information, to get help, or to join the fight, call us anytime, day or night, at 1-800-227-2345 or visit cancer.org. About the American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars Program  The American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars program aims to educate and cultivate young health and civil society professionals around the world to bring their energy, voice and new ideas to the new and growing field of integration of women's cancer prevention and early detection. All Merck press releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of €12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO )      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151019/278051LOGO ) Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: enUK201611011421_Immedia, en-US, Salute_E_Benessere Chimica_E_Farmacia Chimica_E_Farmacia Economia_E_Finanza , Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Tg AdnKronos, 14 novembre 2016 Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Nuova Zelanda, terremoto e allarme tsunami. Ci sono vittime /Video /Foto 2. Sole24ore, Boccia: "Si avvicina piano lacrime e sangue" 3. 'Rossi dà un calcio a una tifosa', la Spagna contro il Dottore /Video 4. Muore dopo una festa, addio al rapper di X Factor /Video 5. Terremoto in Nuova Zelanda, in piscina arrivano le onde /Video Video Dal botox a XFactor, Robbie Williams scatenato su radio 105 Tg AdnKronos, 14 novembre 2016 Tutti con il naso all'insù, è Super-Luna Day L'Astroblogger, per Trump (Gemelli) inizio 2017 in salita Arriva l'acchiappa-auto, per fermare chi scappa dalla polizia I 'Martedì critici’ tornano in mostra con gli anni Zero fino al 2016 Missione umanitaria in Siria per 7 medici italiani Il cinema del futuro sbarca al Torino Film Festival Reaction Roma, al Macro Pelanda una videoinstallazione per raccontare la capitale In Evidenza Ricerca personale Sviluppo Business - Settore medico-scientifico All'AdnKronos Museum le 'porte aperte' di Ramon Llinas I Vila contro la guerra /Foto 'Sei in un Paese meraviglioso' Ecomondo – la Fiera Internazionale del Recupero di Materiale ed Energia e dello Sviluppo Sostenibile Coca-Cola Hbc Italia-Autogrill-Banco Alimentare, 300mila pasti per famiglie in difficoltà Oli lubrificanti usati, il 99% avviato a riciclo In moto per l'ambiente: Coou all'Eicma per promuovere la raccolta di olii usati /Video In viaggio multisensoriale fra luoghi del gusto all'Artigiano in Fiera' Alimentazione e sicurezza alimentare Calcio, il campionato di Lega Pro si sintonizza su Rds /Video Piccinini (Inca Cgil): "Troppo poche denunce malattie professionali nei trasporti" Consorzio oli usati a Eicma con le gare di slot, 'In moto per l'ambiente' Indagine Regus, in Italia 'smart working' possibile per 5 mln di lavoratori /Video Simest: meno costosi e più snelli finanziamenti internazionalizzazione pmi Nuovi scenari nel trattamento del mieloma multiplo Meningite, parliamone prima Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro Tech Care. Dalla cura al prendersi cura Randstad Regional Award 2016 ENAV: una nuova storia tutta da raccontare Il Giubileo di Francesco /Speciale Adnkronos Speciale Incentivi Speciale Consulenza per il lavoro   Seguici 378333 3408 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Skip to Content Search: All AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products Browse all medications: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Advanced Search Topics & Tools Facebook Twitter Google Plus Sign In Sign In Register Menu Close Account Sign In Register Now Drugs A-Z A-Z Drug Index Drugs by Condition Drugs by Class Generic Drugs OTC Drugs International Drugs Natural Products Veterinary Products Info en Español Drug Side Effects Dosage Guides Pregnancy Warnings Breastfeeding Warnings Pricing & Coupons Inactive Ingredients Advanced Search Phonetic Search Pill Identifier Interactions Checker News Q & A Pro Edition Apps More Videos Slideshows Mobile Apps Pricing & Coupon Guide Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Home › News › Pharma Industry News › Monthly News... Print Share All News Consumer Pharma New Drugs Pipeline Clinical Trials FDA Alerts Monthly News Roundup - October 2016 Tweet Merck’s Zinplava Approved to Fend Off Return of Clostridium Difficile Zinplava (bezlotoxumab) has been FDA-approved to reduce the recurrence of Clostridium difficile infection (CDI) in adults who are receiving antibacterial drug treatment for CDI and who are at high risk for CDI recurrence. Zinplava is not an antibacterial and does not treat an active CDI infection. Zinplava is a human monoclonal antibody that binds with C. difficile toxin B to prevent its effects on human cells. Common adverse reactions include nausea, pyrexia and headache. Heart failure, a serious adverse reaction, was noted in 2.3% of Zinplava-treated patients and 1.0% of placebo-treated patients. Lilly’s Lartruvo Gains Accelerated Approval for Soft Tissue Sarcoma The FDA has granted accelerated approval to Lartruvo (olaratumab) to be used with the chemotherapy drug doxorubicin for treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma (STS) who cannot be cured with radiation or surgery. Lartruvo acts as a platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFR-α) blocking antibody to help slow or stop tumor growth. In clinical trials, patients who received Lartruvo with doxorubicin had a statistically significant improvement in overall survival: the median survival was 26.5 months compared to 14.7 months for patients who received doxorubicin alone. Common side effects included nausea, fatigue, low white blood cells (neutropenia), and muscle pain, among others. Keytruda Now First-Line for Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Merck’s anti-PD-1 (programmed death receptor-1) therapy Keytruda (pembrolizumab) has been approved for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with high PD-L1 expression (tumor proportion score [TPS] of 50 percent or more) with no EGFR/ALK tumor abnormalities. Based on KEYNOTE-024 interim data, Keytruda reduced disease progression or death by 50 percent compared to chemotherapy. Keytruda is now the only anti-PD-1 therapy approved first-line treatment for this patient population. The trial was stopped early so patients on chemotherapy could receive Keytruda. Immune-mediated side effects include inflammation of the lungs, colon, liver, kidney and endocrine gland problems. Genentech’s Tecentriq Approved to Treat Advanced Form of Lung Cancer Tecentriq (atezolizumab), an immunotherapy agent used in cancer, has been approved to treat metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with EGFR/ALK gene abnormalities, in patients whose disease has progressed during or after treatment with a platinum-based chemotherapy or other appropriate targeted therapy. Patients were enrolled in studies regardless of their PD-L1 status. In clinical studies, patients receiving Tecentriq lived a median 4.2 months longer than patients receiving chemotherapy with docetaxel (13.8 vs. 9.6 months). Possible side effects with Tecentriq include lung inflammation, hepatitis, intestinal inflammation, hormone gland problems, eye inflammation, and severe infections and infusion reactions. Carnexiv Approved as First Injectable Carbamazepine The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved Lundbeck’s Carnexiv (carbamazepine), an intravenous (IV) injection formulation of the antiepileptic drug carbamazepine. Carnexiv is indicated as short-term (≤7 days) replacement therapy for oral carbamazepine when oral administration for certain seizures in adults is temporarily not feasible. Carnexiv will be the first available IV formulation of carbamazepine. The total daily dosage of Carnexiv is 70% of the total daily oral dose divided equally into four separate 30-minute infusions separated by 6 hours. Carnexiv should be on the U.S. market by early 2017. Posted: October 2016 Recommended for you View comments More News Resources FDA Medwatch Drug Alerts FDA Drug Safety Labeling Changes Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Drug Shortages Clinical Trial Results Generic Drug Approvals Monthly Update Archive Latest Drug Information Updates Vemlidy Vemlidy (tenofovir alafenamide) is a hepatitis B virus (HBV) nucleoside analog reverse transcriptase... Zinplava Zinplava (bezlotoxumab) is a selective, fully-human, monoclonal antibody that binds to Clostridium difficile... Yosprala Yosprala (aspirin and omeprazole) is a platelet aggregation inhibitor and proton pump inhibitor combination... Troxyca ER Troxyca ER (oxycodone hydrochloride and naltrexone hydrochloride) is an extended-release, abuse-deterrent,... Adlyxin Adlyxin (lixisenatide) is a once-daily prandial glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist indicated... Xiidra Xiidra (lifitegrast) is a lymphocyte function-associated antigen-1 (LFA-1) antagonist indicated for the... More... FDA Consumer Updates Fighting Allergy Season with Medications Medications for High Blood Pressure Irritable Bowel Syndrome Treatments Aren't One-Size-Fits-All Fighting Diabetes' Deadly Impact on Minorities More FDA updates Latest FDA Drug Alerts Skinny Bee Diet by Love My Tru Body: Recall - Undeclared Drug IngredientsNovember 8, 2016 Love My Tru Body is voluntarily recalling all of Skinny Bee Diet 500 mg to the consumer level after FDA laboratory testing found Skinny Bee Diet to... Testosterone and Other Anabolic Androgenic Steroids (AAS): FDA Statement - Risks Associated With Abuse and DependenceOctober 25, 2016 FDA approved class-wide labeling changes for all prescription testosterone products, adding a new Warning and updating the Abuse and Dependence... Direct-Acting Antivirals for Hepatitis C: Drug Safety Communication - Risk of Hepatitis B ReactivatingOctober 4, 2016 The FDA is warning about the risk of hepatitis B virus (HBV) becoming an active infection again in any patient who has a current or previous... Subscribe via RSS Get alerts delivered by email More FDA Alerts Available RSS Feeds Select any link below to view the RSS feed. Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News FDA MedWatch Drug Alerts New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Clinical Trials News Labeling Changes Drugs in the Pipeline Solithera niraparib brigatinib sarilumab Spinraza Macrilen betrixaban Baxdela Xadago SD-809 More... Was this page helpful? Yes No Drugs.com Mobile Apps The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices. Explore Apps Support Help Center Frequent Questions Sitemap Contact Us About About Drugs.com Advertising Policy Content Submissions Drugs.com Blog Terms & Privacy Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Attribution & Citations Connect Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Feed Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published. Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated Nov 1st, 2016), Cerner Multum™ (updated Nov 3rd, 2016), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated Nov 3rd, 2016) and others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy. Third Party Advertising We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here Copyright © 2000-2016 Drugs.com. All rights reserved. Like Tweet +1 Email Hide
November 14, 2016 Subscribe Help Place Ad Contact Us Staff Directory Mobile Sign In Register Clear 59° Manhattan Forecast » The Mercury Home Calendar Weather Archives Discussion Forums Community Info RSS News Local State & Regional Nation World Cops & Courts I Wonder Obits Daily Record Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Lifestyle Neighbors Movies Food Arts & Leisure Books & Writing Off the Beat Restaurant Search Sports Manhattan High Area Schools Local Sports K-State Sports Football Men's Basketball Women's Basketball All Sports Columns Triangulate RSS Photo & Video Galleries Video Classifieds Jobs Homes Search Hawk reports spending $20,190 in uncontested race By The Mercury November 2, 2016 You have viewed 1 of 10 this month. Want uninterrupted access to TheMercury.com on your computer, smartphone and tablet? We have many subscription options to fit your needs. See my options Even candidates running uncontested for the upcoming election were required to send in their finance reports. All candidates were required to file campaign finance reports with the Kansas Governmental Ethics Commission by Monday. The information in the reports covers the time period from July 22 through Oct. 27. Sen. Tom Hawk, D-Manhattan, raised most out of this group even without a primary or general election opponent. Hawk raised $22,379.41 and spent $20,190.46. He has $50,245.20 left after starting the period with $48,056.25. Hawk also had $90 worth of non-monetary contributions. Hawk received contributions of more than $250 from Farmers Employee and Agent PAC of Kansas of Lee’s Summit, Mo. ($1,000), KS State Farm Insurance Agents & Employees PAC of Topeka ($1,000), Race for Kansas PAC of Topeka ($1,000), Advance America of Spartanburg, S.C. ($750), Blue Cross/Blue Shield of KS of Topeka ($750), Kansas Bankers Association PAC of Topeka ($750), AT& T Kansas PAC of Topeka ($500), BNSF Railway Company of Fort Worth, Texas ($500), Boyd Gaming Corp. of Las Vegas ($500), Century Link of New Century ($500), Comcast Corporation of Philadelphia ($500), Community America Credit Union of Lenexa ($500), Credit Union PAC of KS of Topeka ($500), HCA Kansas Good Government Fund of Nashville, Tenn. ($500), Kansas Contractors Association of Topeka ($500), Kansas Insurance PAC of Topeka ($500), Kansas Optometric Association of Topeka ($500), Kansas Pharmacists Association PAC of Topeka ($500), Merck of Whitehouse Station, N.J. ($500), Philip Howe of Manhattan ($500), PHK Political Action Committee of Topeka ($500), Russell and Ilene Briggs of Manhattan ($500), Twin Valley Telephone, Inc. of Miltonvale ($500), Altria Client Services LLC of Richmond, Va. ($450), Kansans For Quality MHS of Prairie Village ($300) and ONEOK Employees PAC of Tulsa, Oklahoma ($300). Other uncontested officials also submitted their campaign finance reports. Rep. Tom Phillips, R-Manhattan, raised $6,375 and spent $1,570.22. He has $37,341.16 left after starting the period with $32,536.38. Phillips received contributions of more than $250 from Kansas New Energy Economy PAC of Austin ($500), Kansas Medical Society PAC of Topeka ($500) and Race for Kansas PAC of Topeka ($500). Riley County attorney Barry Wilkerson of Manhattan didn’t raise or spend any money. He still has $2,852.37 left in his campaign account. Candidates in the Republican primary in August also sent in their reports. In the Kansas House 64th District race, Rep. Susie Swanson, R-Clay Center, raised $7,540 and spent $10,135.53. She has $7,843.31 left after starting the period with $10,438.84. Swanson received contributions of more than $250 from Kansas New Energy Economy PAC of Austin ($500), KS Association/Sheet Metal, Air Rail & Transportation Workers PAC of Topeka ($500), and Kansas Wine & Spirits Wholesalers PAC of Topeka ($400). Kathy Martin, Swanson’s primary opponent from Clay Center, didn’t raise or spend any money. A loan made to campaign by Martin was forgiven with a balance of $2,137.33. Riley County Commission- elect Marvin Rodriguez of Manhattan raised $150 and spent $570.56. He has $168.26 left after starting the period with $588.82. Rodriguez also received $500 worth of non-monetary donations. The report shows that the campaign owes $360 to Rodriguez for a personal loan. Current commissioner Bob Boyd of Manhattan, who Rodriguez defeated in August, raised $340. He spent his account’s remaining $12,792.73 to close it out. Boyd also contributed $2,761.87 worth of non-monetary donations to himself. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | The Manhattan Mercury, 318 North 5th Street, Manhattan, Kansas, 66502 | Copyright 2016
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Health Stories» How We Discipline Kids Has Changed, or So Say Parents New Worry in Hard-Hit Town: Blood Tests Over Water Trump: I Might Keep Parts of ObamaCare 'Lost Nuke': 5 Most Incredible Discoveries of the Week Want Protection From Bird Flu? Check Your Birth Date 'I Dodged All Those Bullets, Then Get Killed by a Fish': Vietnam Vet Quirk of Time Creates Very Unusual Twins Scientists Have Made Paralyzed Monkeys Walk Scientists Develop USB Stick That Tests for HIV Smartphone at Bedtime? You Are Not Getting Very Sleepy For Some, Vitamin D Pills Might Actually Do Damage For 60 Years, This Bedbug Fell Off the Fla. Map. Now It's Back Health / discoveries Go to Grid|Next Story Ominous Stats on the Women's Cancer Horizon A 60% rise in deaths by 2030, per an ACS report By Jenn Gidman,  Newser Staff Posted Nov 2, 2016 4:45 PM CDT 9 comments Comments The good news: Some cancers are preventable.   (Torin Halsey/Times Record News via AP) (Newser) – Two disturbing reports were issued this week on the cancer front, with one noting women will see a spike in cancer deaths over the next decade or so—5.5 million cancer deaths by the year 2030. The other report adds that women afflicted with breast cancer alone could nearly double from 1.7 million diagnosed last year to 3.2 million by 2030, the Guardian reports. The first report, compiled by Merck and the American Cancer Society and released at the World Cancer Congress in Paris on Tuesday, says the predicted surge in cancer deaths would amount to a 57% increase, per a press release. The same report notes all four top cancers—breast, lung, colorectal, and cervical—are mostly preventable or easily detected early on, aiding treatment. The second report, based on three papers in the Lancet, adds cervical cancer may rise by as much as 25% by 2030, leading to 700,000 diagnoses. That report also notes women in low- and middle-income countries carry much of the burden of breast and cervical cancers, with less access to quality care and a greater likelihood of dying from their illnesses than women in richer nations. Perhaps a bit ironically, some of the cancers in the lower-income countries used to be prevalent only in higher-income ones, but as the poorer countries started going through "rapid economic transition," the women there began experiencing risk factors like their more affluent counterparts, including "physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" like putting off having kids, per an ACS VP. "The global community cannot continue to ignore the problem—hundreds of thousands of women are dying unnecessarily every year," Richard Sullivan, co-author of the Lancet report, says in the release. (Good news on the pancreatic cancer front.) Report a story error My Take on This Story Show results without voting  |   5% Hilarious 9% Intriguing 54% Depressing 1% Brilliant 23% Scary 7% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 9 comments Next on Newser: Hillary Clinton Might Have a Black Voter Problem Comments Read comment policy Showing 2 of 9 comments charlesSpeirceCLONE Nov 2, 2016 10:28 PM CDT no ominous stat can ever compete with certain fact that your children will at some point fall ill, know they are gong to die, not want to die, and will suffer and die. 100%. No exceptions except if trauma or crime or war is the cause but still: fear, pain, dread, death. Certain from long before the moment you conceived them. When you lie ill and dying, no joy of the past will make it all see perfectly acceptable. And you will not give expression to your pain or fear or dread because you know that those who die silently are said to have died bravely! At the final moment, all that sickness and pain stuffed up inside you like constipation because no one wants to hear or know the truth. But read on and find distraction in the form of undying, immortal, optimism, Pollyannaism and genetic cheerfulness. They are the reasons you are all here instead of enjoying the perfect heaven known as never having been. Nothing you can possibly say about me will alter the nature of existence: I did not create the universe and I did not father your children or you WarmWeatherGuy Nov 2, 2016 4:55 PM CDT If you Google cancer and each of the nutrients we need you will find 5 that cause cancer when we don't get enough. Interestingly these are ones that we don't get enough of. Iodine, selenium, vitamin A, vitamin D, and vitamin K2 all cause cancer when you don't get enough. Iodine and selenium particularly cause breast cancer when deficient. View all 9 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Trump on 60 Minutes : 'Don't Be Afraid' 1 Scientists Discover Giant Antarctic Sea Monster 2 Trump Faces Backlash Over White House Picks 3 No NFL Game Has Ever Been Decided Quite Like This 4 6 Pieces of Advice From Burglars 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Donald Trump’s Muslim Ban Proposal Restored to Website Man Convicted Of Murdering Girlfriend After Singing ‘I Used to Love Her, But I Had to Kill Her’ WATCH: Snake Falls From Ceiling on Flight in Mexico Michelle Obama for 2020? How Foreign Leaders Are Prepping for the Next President The Simpsons Predicted a Trump Presidency 16 Years Ago The Rise of DIY Prostitution in Italy Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Newburgh Offering Blood Tests After Chemical Found In Drinking Water Holiday Season Presents Local Real Estate Bargains Man Shot In Quarrel Over Parking Space In The Bronx Go to CBS Local Could Light Alleviate Alzheimer's Symptoms? The Most Divisive Word in Britain Polished President Le Pen? Go to Ozy Watch this guy completely humiliate a reporter who claims PTSD after firing an... Fans are mourning the passing of a true music icon Fans of “Fixer Upper” will love this news, but Chip and Joanna Gaines really... Go to Rare An Olympic Wrestler Won Gold in Rio Because of Her Anxiety, Not in Spite of It Why Soda Is the New Cigarette Why You Still Feel Insecure Even After Getting in Shape Go to Greatist Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2016 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule 62° F Clear Hi: 62° F Lo: 30° F Today’s Forecast Radar/Satellite 22News Apps Menu Skip to content   Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Featured: Casino News Marijuana News Mass Pike Tolls Springfield off-duty police beating Syrian Refugees Toys for Tots at 22News Latest Headlines Firefighters working to put out a fire in Ludlow Updated: 4 mins ago Firefighters are working to control a house fire in Ludlow, Monday night, on Alden Street and Poole Street. Malloy touts Connecticut homeless vets plan at White House Updated: 4 mins ago HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — Connecticut Gov. Dannel P. Malloy says his state’s efforts to eradicate homelessness among veterans can be replicated… Trinity Health New England Bus Tour stops at Mercy Medical Center Updated: 3 mins ago ICC prosecutor: US forces may have tortured in Afghanistan Updated: 5 mins ago Army Corps wants more study on Dakota Access oil pipeline Updated: 25 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams Current Conditions 62° F Clear Feels Like: 62° F Wind: SSW 7 Humidity: 19% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 6:40 AM Sunset: 4:29 PM 7 Day Forecast Live Radar     Video Webcast Almanac Sponsored by: The CW The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Featured: Season Finale Season Premiere Series Premiere Latest Headlines MassDOT discusses plans to expand rail service in the Pioneer Valley November 10, 2016 The state will spend a quarter million dollars just to gather the data, but the entire project will cost millions. Behind The Seams of The Flash November 8, 2016 Go behind the scenes with costume designer Maya Mani! The Flash is new Tuesdays at 8/7c on The CW Springfield. Supergirl – Changing Trailer November 8, 2016 Jane The Virgin – Chapter Forty-Nine Trailer November 8, 2016 Jane The Virgin – Chapter Forty-Eight Scene November 7, 2016 Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal Featured: Caregiver Series Herbs A-Z NBC Shows Pet of the Week Latest Headlines Monte’s March – Fighting Hunger in the Valley 1:11 pm 26 miles and a shopping cart. Five Tips for Junior Year Success 1:15 pm When it comes to college preparedness, it’s important that you impress potential colleges with a great performance in your junior year. ‘Festival of Trees’ takes over Tower Square 1:26 pm Maintaining a healthy lifestyle this Holiday season! 1:29 pm Real Estate Minute: Are you ready to buy? 1:56 pm More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule Search for: Search the site 62° F Clear Hi: 62° F Lo: 30° F Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose rare heart risks MARILYNN MARCHIONE, The Associated Press Published: November 2, 2016, 5:50 pm Updated: November 6, 2016, 12:10 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Doctors have found a disturbing downside to some powerful new drugs that harness the immune system to fight cancer: In rare cases, they may cause potentially fatal heart damage, especially when used together. “The problem is, no one has this on their radar,” so patients are not routinely checked for it, said Dr. Javid Moslehi, head of a Vanderbilt University clinic specializing in heart risks from cancer therapies. He led a report Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine describing two patients who died of heart trouble two weeks after receiving their first doses of two Bristol-Myers Squibb drugs, Opdivo and Yervoy, for the deadly skin cancer melanoma. Two similar drugs also are on the market, and the study leaders believe they might pose heart risks, too. “My sense is that this is a class effect, not limited to one drug,” Moslehi said. The risks do not negate the huge benefits of these relatively new types of drugs, doctors stress. Called checkpoint inhibitors, they have transformed treatment of several types of cancer by helping the immune system see and attack tumors. In rare cases, the immune system seems to attack not only the tumor but also the heart and other muscles, causing dangerous inflammation and heart rhythm problems. Patients need to be told of the risks, monitored closely and treated quickly with medicines to quell the immune response if trouble develops. Besides melanoma, the Opdivo-Yervoy combination is used to treat some lung cancers, though at different doses. Other checkpoint inhibitors include Genentech’s Tecentriq, for bladder cancer, and Merck & Co.’s Keytruda, which former President Jimmy Carter received for melanoma that spread to his brain. Many more are in testing. There have been occasional, previous reports of heart troubles with these drugs. After the two recent deaths, doctors asked Bristol-Myers to check patient safety records on Opdivo and Yervoy. As of April, 18 cases of serious heart inflammation were found among 20,594 patients receiving either or both drugs, a rate of 0.09 percent. It was more severe and more common among people on both drugs, affecting 0.27 percent of those patients. Bristol-Myers scientists helped write the journal report, and some other authors consult for the company. Studies have shown that the drug combination gives a stronger anti-cancer effect than either drug alone, but “we’ve known this is a double-edged sword” because of the risk of over-stimulating the immune system, said Dr. Jeffrey Sosman of Northwestern University in Chicago, who treated the two patients who died. “The big question is, is there enough advantage to using the combination, which is much more toxic, than a single drug,” he said. That’s a larger question facing the cancer field, not just with immune therapies. Some of the newer gene-targeting drugs also have produced major side effects when used in combination. Yet many doctors believe that combos may be the best way to get cancer to go into remission and stay there longer, by shutting down multiple pathways the tumor employs at once. Dr. Michael Atkins, deputy director of the Georgetown-Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, believes the heart problems with checkpoint inhibitors will turn out to be treatable in most patients. “It just gives us a moment of pause,” said Atkins, who led a study that included one of the two patients who died. “This is a rare event … but it’s a particularly serious one.” ___ Marilynn Marchione can be followed at http://twitter.com/MMarchioneAP . Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WWLP.com Current Conditions change location Chicopee n/a F n/a Wind n/a Dewpoint n/a Humidity 0.00" Barometer 6:41 am Sunrise 4:29 pm Sunset change location Greenfield 40° F 0 N Wind 29° Dewpoint 65% Humidity 29.98" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:26 pm Sunset change location Holyoke 62° F 7 SW Wind 19° Dewpoint 19% Humidity 29.95" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location MGM Springfield Casino 62° F 7 SW Wind 19° Dewpoint 19% Humidity 29.95" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location Northampton 54° F 0 SSW Wind 23° Dewpoint 31% Humidity 29.98" Barometer 6:41 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location Pittsfield 43° F 0 N Wind 21° Dewpoint 42% Humidity 29.97" Barometer 6:44 am Sunrise 4:31 pm Sunset change location Springfield 62° F 7 SW Wind 19° Dewpoint 19% Humidity 29.95" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location Westfield 46° F 0 N Wind 24° Dewpoint 42% Humidity 29.97" Barometer 6:41 am Sunrise 4:29 pm Sunset change location Westover AFB 62° F 7 SW Wind 19° Dewpoint 19% Humidity 29.95" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset Chicopee n/a Greenfield 40° Holyoke 62° MGM Springfield Casino 62° Northampton 54° Pittsfield 43° Springfield 62° Westfield 46° Westover AFB 62° Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WWLP-22News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather I-Team Crime inFocus Mass Appeal Watch 22News Station About Us Contact Us News Team Job at WWLP Advertise with us Regional News Hampden Hampshire Franklin Berkshire Boston Statehouse Massachusetts Connecticut Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report Platforms Text Alerts Email Alerts Report It Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Our Partners Media General NBC CNN The Westfield News Hampshire Gazette Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram NEWS ARCHIVE: View Stories by Date November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   News Archive: Select Month News Archive: Select Month Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 May 2013 May 2012 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Close Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose rare heart risks - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 70° Broken Clouds Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest City planning department working to update zoning laws Brownsville has changed a lot over the last several decades, though in many cases its zoning regulations haven’t kept up. Posted: November 14 rss Texas News Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway invests in major airlines 2 sentenced to prison for disrupting Southwest flight Lawmakers pre-file bevy of bills ahead of 2017 session A look at Trump's immigration plans by the numbers Some Texas Muslims note concerns after Donald Trump election Trump starting to sound like Obama on immigration Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Seager becomes latest Dodger honored as Rookie of the Year AP New! Los Angeles Dodgers shortstop Corey Seager has been voted National League Rookie of the Year, becoming the first player in two decades to win the award for the franchise that has historically dominated the honor. Posted: November 14 Sports, Professional Baseball, Baseball More From The Latest Walker, Hellickson accept $17.2M qualifying offers Texans look to improve before facing Raiders Bears' WR Jeffery suspended 4 games for PED violation Goodman's family sold 'Go Cubs Go' just before song took off Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: Hurricane Safety Guide Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose rare heart risks Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Wednesday, November 2, 2016 4:02 pm | Updated: 4:45 pm, Wed Nov 2, 2016. Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose rare heart risks Associated Press | Doctors have found a disturbing downside to some powerful new drugs that harness the immune system to fight cancer: In rare cases, they may cause potentially fatal heart damage, especially when used together. "The problem is, no one has this on their radar," so patients are not routinely checked for it, said Dr. Javid Moslehi, head of a Vanderbilt University clinic specializing in heart risks from cancer therapies. He led a report Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine describing two patients who died of heart trouble two weeks after receiving their first doses of two Bristol-Myers Squibb drugs, Opdivo and Yervoy, for the deadly skin cancer melanoma. Two similar drugs also are on the market, and the study leaders believe they might pose heart risks, too. "My sense is that this is a class effect, not limited to one drug," Moslehi said. The risks do not negate the huge benefits of these relatively new types of drugs, doctors stress. Called checkpoint inhibitors, they have transformed treatment of several types of cancer by helping the immune system see and attack tumors. In rare cases, the immune system seems to attack not only the tumor but also the heart and other muscles, causing dangerous inflammation and heart rhythm problems. Patients need to be told of the risks, monitored closely and treated quickly with medicines to quell the immune response if trouble develops. Besides melanoma, the Opdivo-Yervoy combination is used to treat some lung cancers, though at different doses. Other checkpoint inhibitors include Genentech's Tecentriq, for bladder cancer, and Merck & Co.'s Keytruda, which former President Jimmy Carter received for melanoma that spread to his brain. Many more are in testing. There have been occasional, previous reports of heart troubles with these drugs. After the two recent deaths, doctors asked Bristol-Myers to check patient safety records on Opdivo and Yervoy. As of April, 18 cases of serious heart inflammation were found among 20,594 patients receiving either or both drugs, a rate of 0.09 percent. It was more severe and more common among people on both drugs, affecting 0.27 percent of those patients. Bristol-Myers scientists helped write the journal report, and some other authors consult for the company. Studies have shown that the drug combination gives a stronger anti-cancer effect than either drug alone, but "we've known this is a double-edged sword" because of the risk of over-stimulating the immune system, said Dr. Jeffrey Sosman of Northwestern University in Chicago, who treated the two patients who died. "The big question is, is there enough advantage to using the combination, which is much more toxic, than a single drug," he said. That's a larger question facing the cancer field, not just with immune therapies. Some of the newer gene-targeting drugs also have produced major side effects when used in combination. Yet many doctors believe that combos may be the best way to get cancer to go into remission and stay there longer, by shutting down multiple pathways the tumor employs at once. Dr. Michael Atkins, deputy director of the Georgetown-Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, believes the heart problems with checkpoint inhibitors will turn out to be treatable in most patients. "It just gives us a moment of pause," said Atkins, who led a study that included one of the two patients who died. "This is a rare event ... but it's a particularly serious one." ___ Marilynn Marchione can be followed at http://twitter.com/MMarchioneAP . © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business ARTICLE: Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway invests in major airlines ARTICLE: SEC Chair White leaving at end of Obama administration ARTICLE: Lawmakers pre-file bevy of bills ahead of 2017 session Trump set to roll back Obama policies on energy, environment Trump set to roll back Obama policies on energy, environment More about General News ARTICLE: 2 sentenced to prison for disrupting Southwest flight ARTICLE: SEC Chair White leaving at end of Obama administration Trump set to roll back Obama policies on energy, environment Trump set to roll back Obama policies on energy, environment The next stage: Will anti-Trump marches become a movement? More about Health ARTICLE: Readying for Trump, Congress faces lame duck to-do list ARTICLE: South African rhino that survived attack dies of infection Readying for Trump, Congress faces lame duck to-do list Prisons fight opioids with $1,000 injection: Does it work? Prisons fight opioids with $1,000 injection: Does it work? Discuss Print Posted in Business, Life on Wednesday, November 2, 2016 4:02 pm. Updated: 4:45 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Health, Science, Heart Health, Cancer, Medication, Tumors, Diseases And Conditions, Diagnosis And Treatment, Skin Disorders Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green The rise of the basement: Top tips fo... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 residential design trends in hardwood Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Resaca Jardin Apartments 1 and 2 bedrooms available. Water and Updated: 5:00 am HARLINGEN 2 bedroom apartment 2602 N. Bus. 77 Saldivar 956-200-9513 Updated: 5:00 am Commercial Building FOR SALE Final Reduction Price! 2418 Buddy Owens $152,500 Updated: Yesterday More Homes Cars 1996 BMW 3181C White w/black ragtop, leather, clean, new tires $2,500 Updated: November 08 2015 MUSTANG ECO BOOST AUTO TRANS MUST SEE. posted: November 14 1994 Safari, wide body, new upgrades, $9,500. Must see to $9,500 Updated: November 07 More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green The rise of the basement: Top tips fo... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 residential design trends in hardwood Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2016, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
null
Home News Traffic map Local News NC News National International Politics Check This Out What’s Next Education #Brake4Buses Entertainment WNCN News App Safe Drive Pledge Consumer Protection Health with Dr. Campbell Watch Live CBS on WNCN Weather Hurricane Central Radar Current conditions Flight tracker Weather Alerts WNCN Weather App Webcams Satellite SatRad Severe Forecast 3-Degree Guarantee Closings N. Carolina TV listings Investigates Sports UNC College basketball Duke N.C. State On the Rise Hurricanes High school Pro sports WNCN Blitz What’s On TV Listings CBS Shows CBS North Carolina Business Leaders Pet of the Day AntennaTV Technical Help Watch Live About Us News Team Technical Help #Brake4Buses At Your Service WNCN Mobile Apps CBS on WNCN 51° F Overcast Hi: 55° F Lo: 44° F Radar Forecast Current conditions Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic map Local News NC News National International Politics Check This Out What’s Next Education #Brake4Buses Entertainment WNCN News App Safe Drive Pledge Consumer Protection Health with Dr. Campbell Watch Live CBS on WNCN Featured: Campaign 2016 HB2 Latest Headlines White supremacist site: New Balance official shoe for whites Updated: 9 mins ago BOSTON (AP) — A white supremacist website has declared the Boston-based footwear manufacturer New Balance the “Official Shoes of White Peopl… ICC prosecutor: US forces may have tortured in Afghanistan Updated: 9 mins ago THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — International Criminal Court prosecutors say that a preliminary probe indicates that members of the United Sta… 1,000+ evacuated as NC mountain wildfires grow to neary 39,000 acres Updated: 2 mins ago Nephew in ‘Making a Murderer’ ordered released Updated: 30 mins ago Fayetteville’s Special Forces Association looks to rebound from Matthew’s damage Updated: 39 mins ago Weather Weather Hurricane Central Radar Current conditions Flight tracker Weather Alerts WNCN Weather App Webcams Satellite SatRad Severe Forecast 3-Degree Guarantee Closings Current Conditions 51° F Overcast Feels Like: 51° F Wind: NNE 5 Humidity: 92% Dewpoint: 49° F Sunrise: 6:50 AM Sunset: 5:07 PM Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: N. Carolina TV listings Investigates Sports UNC College basketball Duke N.C. State On the Rise Hurricanes High school Pro sports WNCN Blitz What’s On TV Listings CBS Shows CBS North Carolina Business Leaders Pet of the Day AntennaTV Technical Help Watch Live About Us News Team Technical Help #Brake4Buses At Your Service WNCN Mobile Apps CBS on WNCN Search for: Search the site 51° F Overcast Hi: 55° F Lo: 44° F Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose rare heart risks MARILYNN MARCHIONE, The Associated Press Published: November 2, 2016, 5:50 pm Updated: November 6, 2016, 6:30 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Doctors have found a disturbing downside to some powerful new drugs that harness the immune system to fight cancer: In rare cases, they may cause potentially fatal heart damage, especially when used together. “The problem is, no one has this on their radar,” so patients are not routinely checked for it, said Dr. Javid Moslehi, head of a Vanderbilt University clinic specializing in heart risks from cancer therapies. He led a report Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine describing two patients who died of heart trouble two weeks after receiving their first doses of two Bristol-Myers Squibb drugs, Opdivo and Yervoy, for the deadly skin cancer melanoma. Two similar drugs also are on the market, and the study leaders believe they might pose heart risks, too. “My sense is that this is a class effect, not limited to one drug,” Moslehi said. The risks do not negate the huge benefits of these relatively new types of drugs, doctors stress. Called checkpoint inhibitors, they have transformed treatment of several types of cancer by helping the immune system see and attack tumors. In rare cases, the immune system seems to attack not only the tumor but also the heart and other muscles, causing dangerous inflammation and heart rhythm problems. Patients need to be told of the risks, monitored closely and treated quickly with medicines to quell the immune response if trouble develops. Besides melanoma, the Opdivo-Yervoy combination is used to treat some lung cancers, though at different doses. Other checkpoint inhibitors include Genentech’s Tecentriq, for bladder cancer, and Merck & Co.’s Keytruda, which former President Jimmy Carter received for melanoma that spread to his brain. Many more are in testing. There have been occasional, previous reports of heart troubles with these drugs. After the two recent deaths, doctors asked Bristol-Myers to check patient safety records on Opdivo and Yervoy. As of April, 18 cases of serious heart inflammation were found among 20,594 patients receiving either or both drugs, a rate of 0.09 percent. It was more severe and more common among people on both drugs, affecting 0.27 percent of those patients. Bristol-Myers scientists helped write the journal report, and some other authors consult for the company. Studies have shown that the drug combination gives a stronger anti-cancer effect than either drug alone, but “we’ve known this is a double-edged sword” because of the risk of over-stimulating the immune system, said Dr. Jeffrey Sosman of Northwestern University in Chicago, who treated the two patients who died. “The big question is, is there enough advantage to using the combination, which is much more toxic, than a single drug,” he said. That’s a larger question facing the cancer field, not just with immune therapies. Some of the newer gene-targeting drugs also have produced major side effects when used in combination. Yet many doctors believe that combos may be the best way to get cancer to go into remission and stay there longer, by shutting down multiple pathways the tumor employs at once. Dr. Michael Atkins, deputy director of the Georgetown-Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, believes the heart problems with checkpoint inhibitors will turn out to be treatable in most patients. “It just gives us a moment of pause,” said Atkins, who led a study that included one of the two patients who died. “This is a rare event … but it’s a particularly serious one.” ___ Marilynn Marchione can be followed at http://twitter.com/MMarchioneAP . Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Sunny & warm through the start of the weekend 5:30 pm Get the latest weather forecast from the CBS North Carolina weather team. NORTH CAROLINA NEWS McCrory seeking $1B from Congress for Matthew relief, repair Updated: 4 mins ago RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Gov. Pat McCrory is asking North Carolina’s congressional delegation for help getting a little over $1 billion from the… 1,000+ evacuated as NC mountain wildfires grow to neary 39,000 acres Updated: 3 mins ago The Party Rock Fire, which is threatening Lake Lure and nearby areas in Rutherford County, neared 3,500 acres. Durham novelist loses bid to get murder case dismissed Updated: 4 mins ago DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — The former Durham newspaper columnist and novelist accused in his wife’s death 15 years ago has lost a bid to have his c… The Latest: SBI investigates Durham county primary election Updated: 4 mins ago RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — The Latest on disputed election results in Durham County, North Carolina, after the state’s still-undecided election fo… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WNCN.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Media General Communications Holdings, LLC. A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Station Contact us Work at CBS North Carolina Closings Closed Captioning Terms of Use Privacy Policy Business Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC Public File email jwilliams@wncn.com EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null

Skip to main content e-Paper Newsletter Advertisement Contact Newspaper Business Opinion Sports A & E Lifestyle Bytes Showbiz Shout epaper All Sections Multimedia Video Stories World Star Weekend Spaces Shift Next Step In Focus Literature Book Reviews Health Science Law & Our Rights Wide Angle Environment Travel City Country Supplements Round Tables Home Back Page 12:00 AM, November 03, 2016 / LAST MODIFIED: 12:06 AM, November 03, 2016 Explosion in cancer deaths among women: report 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Afp, Paris Two reports have warned of an explosion in cancer deaths among women, with a toll, mainly from breast cancer, of some 5.5 million per year by 2030 -- roughly the population of Denmark. This represented a near 60-percent increase in less than two decades, said an analysis conducted by the American Cancer Society (ACS), released Tuesday at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the ACS, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. A second report, published in The Lancet medical journal yesterday, said the number of women diagnosed with breast cancer alone could almost double to 3.2 million a year by 2030 from 1.7 million in 2015. For cervical cancer, the number of diagnoses could "rise by at least 25 percent to over 700,000 by 2030," mainly in low- and middle-income countries, said a statement from The Lancet. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the ACS report -- the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers -- breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer -- are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. “Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." Copyright: Any unauthorized use or reproduction of The Daily Star content for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and constitutes copyright infringement liable to legal action. Leave your comments Comment Policy Top News View More Most Popular Stories Popular In Back Page Rampage over Hindus in B’baria Ben Stokes fined 15 per cent of match fee Shakib, Stokes exchange salutes 8,523 pass in 37th BCS preliminary test Vitamin A rice now a reality Bangladesh cricket bans Sabbir's raunchy ad Bangladesh leads S Asia in gender equality RU A, G unit test results published The top 10 universities in Asia FB comments on DU: Sushanta Paul made OSD Famed Afghan girl arrested in Pakistan Double blow for raped girl 5-yr-Old Rape Victim: Her condition critical due to infections JSC, JDC exams begin tomorrow Feel like a prisoner Judge Recruitment: 21 may not get jobs Outstanding achievement India should not finance Rampal plant Jesus' tomb opened 1st time in 200yrs Rab-Police Tension: Police headquarters issues directives for personnel 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Top News View More More from Back Page China launches first heavy-lift rocket US in 'strong decline' Two 'foreign fighters' charged in Australia Syria rebels renew Aleppo attack Iraqi forces close in on Mosul In case you missed it Let the salute remain a mystery The ancient fort city in the North Who cares about Sundarbans? Girls break a social barrier Not merely a forest but life Multimedia you may like England tour of Bangladesh, 2nd Test England tour of Bangladesh, 3rd ODI Sports in Pictures Floating schools gear up education for underprivileged ‘Chalanbeel’ kids Opening ceremony Attack during Sholakia Eid prayers facebook twitter Instagram google plus youtube About Us Contact Us SMS Subscription Apps Comment Policy RSS Sitemap Advertisement Newsletter Conference Hall Archives © 2016 / thedailystar.net | Powered By: RSI LAB Top
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail     Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Health Health Directory Health Boards Diets My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Ross Harris found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for seven hours because the child 'didn't fit with his sex-obsessed lifestyle' Obama makes a thinly-veiled swipe at Hillary Clinton for losing the presidency to Trump as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry' in first post-election news conference Illegal immigrant 'crashed his car into young woman's vehicle before dragging her out and RAPING her in a ditch for two hours' Obama: Trump is committed to 'strong and robust' NATO. President says 'there is no weakening of resolve' on key alliance  'We need men onboard': Gretchen Carlson urges men to join the fight to end sexual harassment and admits she has many sleepless nights since leaving Fox News 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns his successor's 'temperament' will be his doom unless he 'corrects' it Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before memory loss symptoms 'I came here to kill you': Ex-con who killed New York cop 'had been stalking estranged wife by sleeping on the roof of the building she was staying in for DAYS' Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey be set FREE after 10 years in prison Jilted groom, 31, launches lawsuit against ex-fiancée over a $125,000 diamond engagement ring after their wedding was suddenly called off Beauty Crash Course: A leading dermatologist explains how YOU can tackle dry skin and holiday-related acne this fall for a flawless complexion Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia Bodies of former Polish president and his wife are to be exhumed along with 80 other victims of 2010 plane crash following claims they were murdered  California doctor 'faked his own death and fled to Egypt where he worked as a scuba instructor' to avoid jail for alleged multi-million dollar health insurance fraud She smelled a rat! Manhattan woman is suing clothing giant Zara after 'finding DEAD RODENT sewn into the hem of her dress' REVEALED: Sumner Redstone's five grandchildren who are set to split his $5BILLION fortune - and the private dealings with Viacom that helped them secure their trust Four-year-old girl playing with a gun accidentally shoots herself and her sleeping mother in the head PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity who can't deal with the fact that America couldn't care less what they think President-elect Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin connect for first phone call since Trump's historic win - and word breaks just as Obama prepares to face the media before trip 'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Ivanka's husband Jared Kushner will be 'very involved in decision-making' when Trump becomes president says incoming chief of staff Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers Trump could shatter a different glass ceiling by naming first openly gay man to cabinet-level post - and might pick a woman to run the GOP Previous Next Could THIS cure Alzheimer's? New drug found to reduce plaques in the brain moves into final trials Verubecestat reduced levels of proteins that accumulate within the brain The drug is being trialed in a race to be the first to try prevent the disease Scientists found it appeared to produce no side effects in patients taking it By Colin Fernandez Science Correspondent For The Daily Mail Published: 14:00 EST, 2 November 2016 | Updated: 16:30 EST, 2 November 2016 e-mail 191 shares 44 View comments A promising new drug treatment for Alzheimer’s has been developed that reduces the plaques thought to cause dementia. Drugs that help to reduce the sticky amyloid plaques that form in the brain have been developed, but have severe side effects. Medical experts hailed the advance as an important step forward in attempts to control the killer disease. No new Alzheimer’s drug has been licensed for 10 years – making an urgent need for an effective drug treatment for the disease which affects 500,000 people in the UK. A pioneering new drug has been shown to clear away toxic clumps of protein material in the brain thought to be a primary cause of Alzheimer’s disease The drug called verubecestat is in a family of drugs called BACE1 inhibitors. Previous similar drugs were severely toxic, causing liver damage. The latest drug treatment, has successfully undergone a phase 1 clinical trial – a trial which shows the drug is safe in humans. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Why you really SHOULD cut carbs: High-carb meals 'raise your... Are YOU lonely? You may be at risk of dementia: People with... Do YOU steam your food? You're at lower risk of heart... 'It felt like something was gnawing at me': Man describes... Share this article Share 191 shares In animal studies the drug successfully reduced levels of amyloid beta in blood and spinal fluid of rats and monkeys. The research’s authors, led by Matthew Kennedy of Merck Research Laboratories in Kenilworth, New Jersey aid that ‘the animals showed no signs of toxicity even after extended treatement.’ The drug, verubecestat, is one of a number being trialed by pharmaceutical companies in a race for the first treatment that can halt or reverse the disease (stock) The phase 1 trial in 32 patients – both healthy adults and patients with mild and moderate Alzheimer’s disease found that verubecestat lowered beta amyloid without serious side effects. ‘The promising results have helped launch phase 3 trials of the drug investigating its long-term outcomes in AD [Alzheimer’s Disease] patients,’ the authors of the research said. The research has been published in Science Translational Medicine. ARE YOU LONELY? YOU MAY BE AT RISK OF DEMENTIA Being lonely may trigger dementia, research suggests. People who had high levels of a protein in their brain linked to Alzheimer's disease were nearly eight times more likely to feel isolated. The proteins - known as cortical amyloids - accumulate within the brain as plaques. Experts believe they are responsible for the onslaught of dementia as they trigger the death of brain cells which can cause memory loss and confusion.   Dr Rosa Sancho, Head of Research at Alzheimer’s Research UK, said: ‘It has been over a decade since a new drug was licenced for the treatment of dementia, so we urgently need new medicines that can provide real benefit for people living with dementia.  'There is a wave of potential new treatments currently being tested for dementia, with the results of these studies hotly anticipated over the course of the coming months and years. ‘In this small phase 1 clinical trial, verubecestat was able to reduce the levels of a key Alzheimer’s protein, but it remains to be seen whether this translates into slower memory decline for people with the disease. ‘As verubecestat works differently to other drugs currently being tested for Alzheimer’s, if it proves successful, it could be an important weapon in the arsenal for doctors treating the disease in future.  'Alzheimer’s is a complex and devastating disease and so a multi-pronged approach may give us the best chance of tackling it in the coming years. ‘As the first BACE1 inhibitor to reach the final stages of testing in people, the ultimate test will be whether these ongoing trials show verubecestat can provide tangible benefits for people with Alzheimer’s.  'Scientists have reflected on past lessons in Alzheimer’s drug development and it is promising to see an increasing number of drugs now entering phase 3 clinical testing in the disease, giving us renewed hope in the hunt for new treatments.' Share or comment on this article e-mail 191 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Progresso 40 Delicious Flavors 100 calories or less. more Today's headlines Most Read The two-year-old girl who can only SQUEAK: Emily suffers from 20 seizures a day and is unable to walk, talk... Is YOUR hospital facing the axe? Secret plan to close maternity units and A&Es is revealed as NHS tackles... Dementia is now the leading cause of death and women are the most vulnerable, new statistics reveal  Fitbit failure: Do those must-have fitness trackers really work? We put five high-tech gadgets to the test -... Counting the days until Christmas? We reveal the 7 tastiest low calorie and allergy-friendly advent... Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before... A pint a day keeps the doctor away! Regular drinking preserves 'good cholesterol' levels - drastically... Does YOUR snoring keep your partner up at night? A 3D-printed mask may make sleepless nights a thing of the... 'Do we REALLY have to pay £2,000 for a Lyme disease test?' A reader is worried his daughter may need an... Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs 'Going to the loo seemed to take hours': The newly approved prostate op that can help men turn their taps... Why meat really IS deadly: Middle-aged women who follow the celebrity-endorsed Atkins diet are at 'higher... 'I have a nightmare of being the first journalist selected to go into space': News presenter Jon Snow takes... Why you really shouldn't binge drink: Heavy drinking as a teenager puts their future children's brain... Cannabis users age FASTER than those who avoid the drug, study claims  MORE HEADLINES Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before memory loss symptoms Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports The two-year-old girl who can only SQUEAK: Emily suffers from 20 seizures a day and is unable to walk, talk or eat for the rest of her short life Fitbit failure: Do those must-have fitness trackers really work? We put five high-tech gadgets to the test - with astonishing results  Brain training games help to prevent dementia in people at high risk of the disease - and improve their mood Toxic water panic: More than 28,000 people in New York and more than 70,000 people in Philadelphia 'exposed to cancerous toxins in drinking water' Dementia is now the leading cause of death and women are the most vulnerable, new statistics reveal  Why meat really IS deadly: Middle-aged women who follow the celebrity-endorsed Atkins diet are at 'higher risk of heart failure' Keep calm...and carry on breathing: The simple exercises that can alleviate pain and help sufferers cope with anxiety, stress and depression Record number of 'sumo babies' because parents are weaning their babies too soon and turning to pureed junk food Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs A pint a day keeps the doctor away! Regular drinking preserves 'good cholesterol' levels - drastically cutting your risk of a stroke, study reveals Cannabis users age FASTER than those who avoid the drug, study claims  New cases of diabetes have risen by a THIRD in just 10 years: Theresa May says 'more needs to be done' as a record 4.5 million now have the condition Why YOU should worry if you wake up during the night: Disturbed sleep increases the risk of having an irregular heartbeat MOST READ IN DETAIL     MORE DON'T MISS Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Chic Pixie Geldof puts on a brave face at charity fundraiser as debut album flops, selling just 197 copies in first week of release She was in good spirits Flamin' hot! Charlotte Dawson sizzles in an electric blue gilet and knee-high boots as she unveils her newly dyed ginger locks  At  salon in Liverpool  'He showed me how women should be treated and respected': Shanina Shaik takes a dig at her ex Tyson Beckford while gushing about fiancé DJ Ruckus SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Dame Joan's THREE parties in one night shows her passion for life remains undimmed  At Sir David Tang's book launch SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: What HAS happened to Kate Winslet's wonky eyebrows?  One is more arched than the other Peek-a-boo! Ashley James flashes her toned tummy in cropped sweater and baseball jacket as she heads out to her radio show Casual Meg Ryan goes incognito in a cap, sunglasses and long coat for a London shopping trip  Blended into the crowd on  Oxford Street. Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dashing as he chats his new role in J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in almost three years ago Took place in New Zealand Taking flight! Serena Williams takes comfort to new heights as she rocks green aviator onesie at LAX Making the most of the off-season Heading to cooler climates? Kanye West bundles up in layers as catches flight out of LAX West decided to bundle up in multiple layers  'He gave me a little back massage': Eddie Redmayne reveals Fantastic Beasts co-star Colin Farrell had to comfort him before 'intense' San Diego Comic-Con appearance Ready to Seal the deal: British singer 'hunts for Sydney home with girlfriend James Packer's ex wife Erica  ahead of The Voice Australia return 'Kisses, hugs and sex galore!': Kim Zolciak celebrates fifth anniversary with husband Kroy Biermann  Romantic message  'Everything shuts down around you': Devastated Michael Bublé 'will not sing again' until his son Noah, 3, overcomes liver cancer treatment  'Look at him, the chubby little chap': Strictly judge Len Goodman pokes fun at Ed Balls's weight on TV but admits fan favourite COULD win dance show Going strong! Megan McKenna and beau Pete Wicks look loved-up as they leave spa together after reuniting on TOWIE following sexting scandal TV Penelope's £500k pit stop: The stunning home that actress Penelope Keith created from scratch - before reluctantly moving on Loves Beckside House Oh dear Ed, Strictly really IS taking it out of you! Former shadow chancellor looks pale and puffy-eyed as he walks to the shops with his MP wife Just one glance at the first picture of Brad Pitt since his split from Angelina and you can see the pain etched on his gaunt face, writes AMANDA PLATELL I'm A Celebrity... get me down from here! Ola Jordan and Carol Vorderman are suspended over 32-storey building for the show's first terrifying challenge Heidi Klum hits the runway in style as she dons patterned knit sweater and scarf after touching down at LAX The 43-year-old German was looking chic  Not your average party animal! Bindi Irwin spends time tending to a rhino... as she snubs Maxim's Hot 100 Party in Sydney after making the top ten  'Time to turn words into action!': Katy Perry donates $10k to Planned Parenthood in face of Donald Trump's looming defund  Oscar-nominated Man From U.N.C.L.E.  and Hustle star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 surrounded by his family after brief battle with cancer She's a low-key VIP! Jet-set Renee Zellweger lugs her own bags through airport  Proved she's one of the people as she forewent special treatment Val Kilmer gasps and struggles to speak while revealing he's cancelled upcoming tour after once again denying he has throat cancer  Throwback surprise! The View brings back original co-hosts Meredith Vieira, Debbie Matenopoulos and Star Jones for 20th anniversary I do! Adrienne Bailon marries gospel singer Israel Houghton in romantic wedding  Tied the knot with the gospel singer at a ceremony in Paris Olivia Wilde holds her baby girl close as she and fiancé Jason Sudeikis enjoy a leisurely walk in NYC Daisy Josephine was born one month ago The Survivors scrub up well! Winner Kristie joins JL, Phoebe, Brooke and Flick in glamorous style at the Maxim Hottest 100 party Newly single Jemma Lucy flaunts her new jet-black hairpiece in a cleavage baring Instagram snap... a week after dumping boyfriend Stephen Bear Russell Crowe quietly lists lavish apartment he bought for $14.35 million... as he and estranged wife Danielle Spencer get closer to a divorce settlement That's a bit cheeky! X Factor star Joey Hadjia, formerly Joelle, shares VERY close-up snap of her pert derrière in lengthy 'body transformation' post 'Never give up': Lindsey Vonn reveals she badly fractured arm from crash during training... and even shares x-ray of gruesome injury Batter up! Mark-Paul Gosselaar and co-star Kylie Bunbury pose completely NUDE in sexy new photos for baseball show Pitch Fictional photoshoot  Ham you believe it? Rosie Huntington-Whiteley oozes glamour in a plunging floral dress... before cuddling up to a pig in cute snap She's enjoying California Danniella Westbrook sues Celebrity Botched Up Bodies after 'contracting blood poisoning through the TV show's dental work' Winn-ing! Harlow flaunts her model credentials in sexy tiered lace dress and pointed stilettos for awards show in Mexico Such a hot commodity 'I missed ya': Negan surprises Rick Grimes by arriving in Alexandria with Daryl in sneak peek of new The Walking Dead episode He's got a baseball bat Beach babe! Bikini-clad Hilary Duff flashes her cleavage on a tropical getaway with her beau Jason Walsh Arrived at an undisclosed paradise 'They turned out wonderfully!' Proud father Sylvester Stallone says he gives wife Jennifer Flavin 'all the credit' in raising their three daughters Hello sunshine! Hailee Steinfeld stuns in yellow sheer number as she leads stars at Nickelodeon Halo Awards Kylie kopycat strikes again! Ariel Winter follows Jenner's style by wearing Kanye tour sweatshirt as she jets out of LAX  Had an early flight 'We were both naked and had just met!' Evan Rachel Wood spills on steamy Gucci Guilty shoot with Chris Evans She says it wasn't too uncomfortable  Hold that pose! The 'mannequin challenge' hits X Factor as super-still Nicole Scherzinger works a flexible side split... but Louis Walsh breaks the sequence Patrick Dempsey and wife Jill officially call off divorce after working hard to save 15-year relationship  They have the papers to confirm reconciliation  Who knew? Shia LaBeouf reveals his tattoos of rap legends and freestyles for nearly five minutes on radio show With host Sway Calloway 'I can't believe I'm crying!' Emotional Kris Jenner sobs as she reveals her 'biggest fear' is losing a loved one On latest KUWTK promo  'We are enjoying our honeymoon!' Jinger Duggar and Jeremy Vuolo share first video after heading off on tour of Australia and New Zealand The lap of luxury! Heather Dubrow debuts new web series offering a tour of her lavish walk-in wardrobe It's not for the faint-hearted 'I'm keen to do everything he did': Robert Irwin aims to follow in late father Steve's footsteps as he's nominated for a kid's Emmy Award 'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  Previously said Trump is 'a punk,' and 'a pig.' 'I've had three!' Million Dollar Listing's Josh Flagg confesses to multiple nose jobs as David Parnes reveals why he went under the knife again Sizzling hot! Swimsuit model Elyse Knowles flaunts her taut torso and trim pins in a skimpy white bikini as she bids farewell to Dallas We get it, you're a model! Bachelor reject Sam Johnston can't stop posing as he flirts with Olivia Phyland after admitting he'd like to get into TV presenting 'I found it!' Real Housewives Of Sydney's Lisa Oldfield celebrates finding her missing $70,000 diamond bracelet thanks to her co-star 'I hope you enjoy the read!': Bryan Cranston surprises fan by leaving free signed copy of his book at the airport Released memoir, A Life in Parts, last month John Legend pays tribute to his 'beautiful wife and daughter' as baby Luna makes her starring debut in new music video for Love Me Now Big hair don't care! Pixie Lott channels retro glamour in pink floral mini dress and voluminous updo as she steps out in LA Left Disney HQ in LA What would Tiffany say? Busty Bachelor babe Megan Marx sidles up to mystery bearded man in BUDGIE SMUGGLERS at Maxim's Hot 100 party 'It's a myth that models don't eat': Heidi Klum, 43, sizzles in swimsuits as she reveals her body secrets She's the cover girl for SHAPE magazine 'Goodbye to all that': Robert Redford, 80, reveals intention to retire from acting...and refocus on directing Acting career began in 1960 on TV's Maverick.  Young and in love: Lovebirds Daryl Hannah and Neil Young co-ordinate in black as they jet out of LA They looked in sync in Los Angeles Looking like a Greek Goddessex! TOWIE's Frankie flaunts her slimmed-down figure in a skimpy pink bikini for idyllic Mykonos beach break 'Dynamite recordings' of Angelina Jolie 'could dent her bid to get primary custody of her six children during bitter divorce with Brad Pitt ' She's nearly freed the nipple! Braless Zilda Williams flaunts her famed bust in a VERY sheer top... before cosying up to Bachelorette contestant Sam Johnston Harry's love in London: Pictures that shows TV star girlfriend Meghan Markle is staying with prince at Kensington Palace Getting serious  Pregnant Rebekah Vardy shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a grey top as she takes daughter Sofia to watch husband Jamie's England match Crazy cardigan! Lea Michele dons interesting high-low cardigan while out and about in LA The petite  beauty was spotted with a pal running errands  Katie Piper displays her enviable washboard abs in her first workout session after having surgery The TV personality, 33, showcased her enviably taut abs and lean legs Kate Beckinsale sizzles in saucy leather catsuit as she fiercely tears down her enemies as a vampire in new Underworld: Blood Wars trailer Is she an auntie or a stepmom? Tyga's girlfriend Kylie Jenner babysits King Cairo after Blac Chyna gave birth to daughter Dream Complicated family tree 'She's an exact copy, Pops sent us an angel': New dad Rob Kardashian gushes that daughter Dream is the spitting image of his late father in sweet snap Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      


Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Magazines Panache ET Wealth Brand Equity Corporate Dossier ET Magazine Travel Festive Guide 2016Tech and GadgetsWorklifeCars & BikesLifestyleHealthPeopleEntertainmentBooksCity LifeHumourBetween The Lines You are here: ET Home›Magazines›Panache 04:05 PM | 11 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,819-698.86 NIFTY 50 8,296-229.45 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,605209.00 USD/INR 67.240.61 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments Cancer death among women to rise by 60 per cent by 2030, says study AFP| Updated: Nov 03, 2016, 09.53 AM IST Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. Related Cancer patients: Affection is what they need post surgery Cancer is the 2nd biggest killer globally PARIS: Cancer will kill 5.5 million women -- about the population of Denmark -- per year by 2030, a near 60-percent increase in less than two decades, a report said Tuesday. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review "highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer," she told AFP. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report -- the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers -- breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer -- are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." It was presented Tuesday at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 percent of cases and 64 percent of deaths were in less developed countries. "These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population," said the new report. Regional differences The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. The report said the highest ratio of cancer cases per population group are still reported in high-income countries in Europe, the Americas and Asia, but this was partly due to better access to screening and detection. Deaths, however, were proportionally much higher in low- and middle-income countries with reduced access to diagnosis and treatment. The countries with the highest death rate were Zimbabwe, Malawi, Kenya, Mongolia and Papua New Guinea. Breast and lung cancer are the two most common types in both rich and poor nations, with colorectal cancer the number three killer in developed countries, and cervical cancer in less developed ones. Cervical cancer can be staved off by vaccination against the cancer-causing Human papillomavirus (HPV), and can be easily detected through regular Papanicolaou (pap) test screens. "Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer among women in 140 countries worldwide and cervical cancer is the most common in 39 countries, all of which are LMICs (low- and medium-income countries)," said the report. It said the global economic burden of cancer for both genders was about $286 billion (261 billion euros) in 2009, including costs for treatment and care, and loss of workforce productivity. Want stories like this in your inbox? Sign up for the weekly ET Panache newsletter. You can also follow us on Facebook and Twitter. READ MORE :world | Women | treatment | test | risk | regional | productivity Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY More From Health Cancer death among women to rise by 60 per cent by 2030, says study Leading a healthy lifestyle can significantly reduce genetic heart attack risk Zika virus can lead to visual impairments in infants Parents, take note: Making infants sit in a car for long can suffocate them New smartphone app developed to detect early signs of autism Pregnancy tips to help the mother stay healthy Severe constipation may lead to kidney failure, says new study World Diabetes Day: Experts concerned over obesity & heart diseases among children Common bacteria can actually protect you against skin disease Is your child allergic to peanuts? Here's how you can find out Brisk walking, cycling can improve artery health in diabetes patients Over 70 mn Indian women consume smokeless tobacco New eye test method might prevent vision loss Did you know taking probiotics may improve cognition in Alzheimer's patients? Thyroid hormone likely to reduce pregnancy complications Boys, watch what you eat! Weight gain during puberty may lead to heart disease Did you know heart problems could affect your social interactions? Are you addicted to sugary drinks? Beware, it may cause prediabetes Men, take note! Poor sleep habits may up cancer risk Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSensex, Nifty Live Blog|Gold Rate US Presidential Elections Live Updates|Festival Guide 2016 ​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones|Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK RBI Rate Cut  Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
NDTVBusinessHindiMoviesCricketGood TimesFoodTechAutoAppsPrimeArtWeddings SEARCH SHOP BY CATEGORY Benefits Heart HealthyDiabetic FriendlyBone HealthNutrition BoostersGluten FreeWorkout NutritionWeight WatchHealthy FatsEnergy SourceFiber SourceProtein SourceMineral SourceGood For SkinGood For Hair Smart Boxes Heart Healthy BasicsHealthy SnacksGluten-Free StaplesSuperfoodsHealthy Oils Groceries Grains & Flours Rice Rice Products Wheat & Wheat products Flours Millets DaliyaOils & Fats Cooking Oils Ghee Others SpicesVinegars & Seasonings DalsSugars & SweetnersPickles & ChutneysJams & Marmalades Breakfast MuesliFlakesJams & Marmalades Tea & Coffee TeaHerbal & Green TeaCoffee Bath & Body Face Care Facewash MoisturizerHair Care Shampoo Conditioner Bath Shower Gels Body Lotions & Creams Sunscreen Hands & Feet Snacks Sweet Snacks Cookies Flavoured Dry Fruits & Nuts Chocolates OthersTrail Mixes Savoury Snacks Cookies Nuts & Seeds Namkeens Others Superfoods GrainsOilsNuts & Berries Almonds Walnuts Dry-Fruits & Nuts Nuts Dry Fruits Seeds Flax Seeds Chia Seeds Pumpkin SeedsBerries Heritage Foods Millets & Grains Bajra Jowar Ragi AmaranthOthers Amla TurmericAyurveda Digestive Health Spices Grains & Flours Tea Smart Box Heart Healthy Boxes Healthy Snacks Gluten-Free Staples SuperFoods Healthy Oils Recipes Healthy Snacks Vegetarian Chicken Meat Seafood Rice Bread Desserts Dinner Party Festivals Kids Picnic Summer Drinks Breakfast Features News How to Opinions Lists World Cuisine Funny Side Up Food & Drinks Festivals Restaurants Health Diabetes Natural Living Yoga Men's Health Women's Health Quick Tips Cholesterol Heart Ayurveda Mental Health Cancer Beauty Ingredients Cerelas & Pulses Spices & Herbs Sugar & Sugar Products Nuts & Oilseeds Vegetables Dairy Products Meat Seafood Fruits Other Ingredients Videos Quick & Easy Chicken Snacks Brunch Vegetarian Desserts Rice Dinner Party SEARCH Facebook Pinterest Twitter gplus Highlights Two reports have warned of an explosion in cancer deaths among women With breast cancer accounting some 5.5 million per year by 2030 Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults Related Articles: Thiruvananthapuram Becomes Country's 'Breast Cancer Capital' US Smoking Hits Record Low, But Cancer Deaths Still High One in Every Eight Men May Develop Cancer Combo Therapy Against: Ovarian And Breast Cancer, Can Overcome Drug Resistance Home Health Reports Warn Of Explosion In Cancer Deaths Among Women Reports Warn of Explosion in Cancer Deaths Among Women Agence France-Presse  |  Updated: November 03, 2016 14:04 IST TweeterfacebookGoogle Plus Reddit Two reports have warned of an explosion in cancer deaths among women, with a toll, mainly from breast cancer, of some 5.5 million per year by 2030 -- roughly the population of Denmark. This represented a near 60-percent increase in less than two decades, said an analysis conducted by the American Cancer Society (ACS), released Tuesday at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the ACS, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. A second report, published in The Lancet medical journal on Wednesday, said the number of women diagnosed with breast cancer alone could almost double to 3.2 million a year by 2030 from 1.7 million in 2015. For cervical cancer, the number of diagnoses could "rise by at least 25 percent to over 700,000 by 2030," mainly in low- and middle-income countries, said a statement from The Lancet. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the ACS report -- the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease.  All four of the deadliest cancers -- breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer -- are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." - Regional differences - According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 percent of cases and 64 percent of deaths were in less developed countries. "These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population," said the ACS report. The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. The highest ratio of cancer cases per population group are still reported in high-income countries in Europe, the Americas and Asia, but this was partly due to better access to screening and detection. Deaths, however, were proportionally much higher in low- and middle-income countries with reduced access to diagnosis and treatment. The countries with the highest death rate were Zimbabwe, Malawi, Kenya, Mongolia and Papua New Guinea. Breast and lung cancer are the two most common types in both rich and poor nations, with colorectal cancer the number three killer in developed countries and cervical cancer in less developed ones. Cervical cancer can be staved off by vaccination against the cancer-causing Human papillomavirus (HPV) and can be easily detected through regular Papanicolaou (pap) test screens. The Lancet report, comprised of three research papers, said a basic cancer control package could be introduced in low- and middle-income countries for as little as $1.72 (1.55 euros) per person -- the equivalent of just three percent of current health spending in these countries. Universal HPV vaccination of all 12-year-old girls could prevent 420,000 deaths worldwide over their lifetime. "The global community cannot continue to ignore the problem -- hundreds of thousands of women are dying unnecessarily every year," said Richard Sullivan of King's College London, who co-authored The Lancet report. "Not only are the costs of essential cancer services for women lower than expected, but scale-up of diagnostic, surgical and treatment services are a highly effective investment compared the devastating economic cost to countries, communities and families." (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) For the latest food news, health tips and recipes, like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter. Tags:  CancerWomenDeathsBreast CancerHealth Chronic Anxiety After Stress Linked to Immune System Infants Sensitive to Peanuts May Not Be Allergic to It Related Video 1:23 Home delivered pizzas may cause cancer Advertisement Advertisement BEST SELLERS NEW IN SMART BOX TOP TRENDING PRODUCTS Advertisement Groceries Flours Coffee Daliya Coconut Oil Dals Rice Honey Green tea Dry-Fruits & Nuts Walnuts Flax Seeds Sesame Seeds Almonds Peanuts Chia Seeds Dry Fruits Seeds Health Constipation Headaches Vitamin D Weight Loss Vitamin E Knee Pain Balanced Diet Eyesight Most Popular Quick and Easy Chinese Recipes Chocolate Cake Chilli Potatoes Momos Eggless Cake Sandwich Recipes Ice Cream Bath & Body Facewash Moisturizer Shampoo Conditioner Shower Gels Lotions & Creams Sunscreen Hands & Feet Indian Recipes Breakfast Recipes Dessert Recipes Biryani Recipes South Indian Chicken Curry Butter Chicken Paneer Recipes Dinner Recipes Need Help? If you have any queries or comments regarding any Products, you may contact the respective manufacturer or contact SmartCooky’s Customer Services at custcare@smartcooky.com or you may call on 011-33179012 (during weekdays from 9 am to 9 pm). free shipping*for products above ₹ 1000 cash on delivery © 2016 Smartcooky, All Rights Reserved. Investors Terms of use Delivery Policy IPR Policy Privacy Policy Terms of sale  
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Pediatric Vaccines - Global Market Outlook (2015-2022) The report helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, November 02, 2016 ) According to Publisher, the Global Pediatric Vaccines is estimated at $XX million in 2015 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of XX% to reach $XX million by 2022. Rising government and non-government financial support for development of vaccine is the major driver for the Pediatric Vaccines market. Increasing innovative technologies such as therapeutic and adjuvant vaccines are anticipated to fuel the pediatric vaccine market during the forecast period. Moreover, increasing expenditure of vaccines, little accessibility to remote areas and strict regulation for approval of vaccines are some of the factors hampering the global pediatric vaccine market. Report URL: http://www.reportsweb.com/pediatric-vaccines-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Infectious diseases segment is expected to grow at a faster rate during the forecast period. North America dominates the global market for pediatric vaccines followed by Europe. Moreover, the Asia Pacific is likely to report the highest CAGR during the forecast period, driven by the high birth rate in China and India. Some of the key players in the market include Johnson and Johnson, Abbott Laboratories, Baxter International, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi S.A, Novo Nordisk A/S, Bharat Biotech International Limited, Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Genentech, Inc., Shire Pharmaceuticals Group Plc, Merck & Co. Inc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Amgen Inc., Novartis AG and Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH. Diseases type Covered: - Cancer and allergy - Infectious disease - Pneumococcal disease - Influenza - Diphtheria - Rotavirus - Tetanus - Haemophilus Influenzae type b (Hib) - Meningococcal - Hepatitis A - Hepatitis B - Rubella - Mumps - Measles - Pertussis - Varicella (chickenpox) - Polio Products Covered: - Anti-infective drugs - Pediatric hormones - Allergy & respiratory drugs - CNS drugs Request for Sample @ http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216352/sample Vaccines type Covered: - Synthetic vaccines - Conjugate vaccines - Live attenuated vaccines - Dendritic cells vaccines - Toxoid vaccines - Recombinant vector vaccines - Subunit vaccines - Inactivated vaccines Regions Covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt Inquire for Discount @ http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216352/discount What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us ReportsWeb is a one stop shop of market research reports and solutions to various companies across the globe. We help our clients in their decision support system by helping them choose most relevant and cost effective research reports and solutions from various publishers. Contact Us: Call: +1-646- 491-9876 Email: sales@reportsweb.com Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646- 491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
DAX ®10.693,69+0,24%TecDAX ®1.688,34-0,37%Dow Jones18.868,69+0,11%NASDAQ 1004.702,04-1,05% Anmelden oder kostenlos registrieren Benutzername: Passwort: Angemeldet bleiben: Passwort vergessen? Wertpapiere & Kurse News & Analysen Geld & Vorsorge Mein finanztreff Brokervergleich NEU finanztreff.de Blog Überblick Suche Topthemen Finanzmarkt Termine Analysen Marktkommentare Panorama Videos Specials Börsenbriefe NEU Überblick Marktberichte Überblick Aktien & Indizes Devisen Anleihen Rohstoffe Länder & Regionen Wirtschaftsnachrichten Überblick Wirtschaft & Politik Zentralbanken Branchen Überblick Automotive Banken Chemieindustrie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleister Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherer Weitere Branchen... Unternehmen Deutschland Europa (EU) USA & Amerika Asien Sonstige EQS-Unternehmenscenter News zu ... Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs IPO (Börsengänge) Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Ausbildung zum erfolgreichen Börsenhändler. Jetzt kostenlos! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Exklusiv: finanztreff.de Kunden erhalten 3 Monate Goldkonditionen Startseite > News & Analysen > Finanzmarkt PRESS RELEASE: Xenikos appoints Eric van Hooren as Chief Development Officer to drive forward T-Guard(TM) clinical development program 02.11.2016 - 12:00 | Quelle: Dow Jones Newswire Web === DGAP-News: Xenikos B.V. / Key word(s): Change of Personnel Xenikos appoints Eric van Hooren as Chief Development Officer to drive forward T-Guard(TM) clinical development program 2016-11-02 / 12:00 The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. *Xenikos appoints Eric van Hooren as Chief Development Officer to drive forward T-GuardTM clinical development program* *Nijmegen, the Netherlands, November 2nd, 2016* - Xenikos B.V., focused on the development of innovative immunotherapies for the treatment of patients suffering from serious immune diseases or rejection after transplantation, announced today that it has hired Eric van Hooren as Chief Development Officer (CDO). Mr. van Hooren has over 20 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including extensive work in clinical project and clinical trial management. Prior to joining Xenikos, he was Director Clinical Operations at Acerta-Pharma, where he was responsible for the set up and line management of the European clinical operations group, including the execution of Phase 1, 2 and 3 clinical trial programs with the compound acalabrutinib, a potential best-in-class irreversible oral Bruton's tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor, that contributed to a major transaction with AstraZeneca in December 2015. Mr. van Hooren previously worked as a Program Manager at Merck, where he managed Women's Health Programs. He also worked for many years at Organon in positions of increasing responsibility in both clinical development and medical marketing. At Xenikos, Mr. van Hooren will be responsible for preparing and executing the EU/US randomized active-controlled Phase 2 pivotal study of T-Guard in acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD), as well as exploring new potential indications that might benefit from T-Guard's promise as a therapeutic tool for safely and swiftly resetting the body's immune system in T-cell-mediated diseases. He will take over the responsibilities of Dr. Edna Venneker, who is leaving the company to pursue another opportunity. Xenikos announced just recently that the last patient has completed treatment in the Company's Phase 1/2 trial evaluating T-Guard for the treatment of steroid-resistant acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD). Ypke van Oosterhout, PhD, Chief Executive Officer, said: "We are delighted to welcome Eric to Xenikos in this very important phase of the T-Guard development. He has a broad background in strategic drug development for both new biological and new chemical entities, as well as in global clinical trial management and medical marketing. His many years of experience will be invaluable as we continue to advance our product candidate, T-Guard in clinical development and eventual registration for market approval in acute graft-versus-host disease, as well as explore other opportunities for this promising development candidate." Dr. van Oosterhout continued: "I would also like to warmly thank Dr. Venneker, who has been instrumental in driving our clinical program. We wish her the very best in her next endeavor." *About Xenikos B.V.* Xenikos B.V. is developing new, innovative immunotherapies to help restore patients' health and save lives. It is developing new therapies based on the action of conjugated antibodies that enables patients suffering from serious immune diseases or rejection after transplantation to reset their immune systems quickly and efficiently. Its lead product candidate T-GuardTM is currently being developed for the second-line treatment of steroid-resistant acute GVHD. Further information is available at www.xenikos.com [1]. *For further information, please contact:* *Corporate contact:* *Media contact:* *Xenikos B.V.* *MC Services AG* Ypke van Oosterhout Dr. Solveigh Mähler Chief Executive Officer Phone: +49 211 529 252 19 Phone: +31 24 3000100 Email: solveigh.maehler@mc-services. eu Mobile: +31 6 11017611 Email: y.vanoosterhout@xenikos.com _For US inquiries:_ Laurie Doyle Phone: +1 339 832 0752 Email: laurie.doyle@mc-services.eu 2016-11-02 Dissemination of a Corporate News, transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. The DGAP Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements, Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases. Archive at www.dgap.de 516459 2016-11-02 1: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=67c5e199e205a789d8e22ae8e1bae99f&application_id=516459&site_id=vwd&application_name=news === (END) Dow Jones Newswires November 02, 2016 07:00 ET (11:00 GMT) Meistgelesen Datum Meldung 14.11. Wie Deutsche Bank und Commerzbank von Trump profitieren können 14.11. AKTIEN IM FOKUS: Anleger flüchten aus Immobilienaktien in Banktitel 14.11. ROUNDUP/Bitkom: Hälfte der deutschen Unternehmen fehlt Digitalstrategie 14.11. Moderate Gewinne beim Dax zu Wochenbeginn 12.11. Die Deutsche Bank geschockt! weitere oft gelesene Nachrichten Werbung Weitere News von Dow Jones Newswire Web Datum Meldung 14.11. PTA-News: Beteiligungen im Baltikum AG: Stellungnahme zur Pressemitteilung der Kremlin AG vom 14.11.2016 14.11. NACHBÖRSE (22:00)/XDAX +0,1% auf 10.704 Pkt - Dt. Euroshop mit Plus 14.11. MÄRKTE USA/Trump-Rally verliert an Schwung 14.11. DGAP-AFR: TTL Information Technology AG: Vorabbekanntmachung über die Veröffentlichung von Quartalsberichten und Quartals-/Zwischenmitteilungen 14.11. DGAP-AFR: TTL Information Technology AG: Preliminary announcement of the publication of quarterly reports and quarterly/interim statements Topthemen Datum Meldung 14.11. Moderate Gewinne beim Dax zu Wochenbeginn 14.11. Pilotenstreik bei der Lufthansa - Weihnachten ausgenommen 14.11. Samsung will mit Harman-Kauf ins Geschäft mit Autoelektronik 14.11. Lebensarbeitszeit in Europa um fast zwei Jahre gestiegen 14.11. China will Stahlproduktion verringern weitere Topthemen Werbung Presseschau Datum Meldung 14.11. Rohstoffmarkt: Donald Trump lässt die Ölpreise purzeln 14.11. boerse.ARD.de Dax: Trump-Euphorie lässt nach 14.11. Währungen nach dem Trump-Sieg: Verkehrte Welt am Devisenmarkt 14.11. boerse.ARD.de Dax rettet ein Mini-Plus 14.11. Yuan-Handelsplatz in Frankfurt: Gemischte Bilanz nach zwei Jahren zur Presseschau Länderüberblick zu Länder & Regionen Weitere News zu... Wertpapieren: Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Derivate Branchen: Automobile Banken Chemie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleistungen Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherungen Weitere Branchen... Kommentare: Ronald Gehrt Ralf Goerke Investmentecke Emittenten Themen: Marktberichte Wirtschaft & Politik Länder & Regionen Topthemen Panorama Geld & Vorsorge Werbung Jetzt Wünsche erfüllen mit dem PrivatKredit der Degussa Bank. |Top Baufinanzierung bei der Degussa Bank |Bid & Ask Newsletter kostenlos lesen! Das ATB Tagesgeldkonto - Transparenz für Ihr Geld Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Lehrreiche Webinare, informatives Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Werbung Pushverbindungen werden nach 20 Minuten automatisch getrennt. Verzögerungszeiten: Kurs, Bid/Ask realtime Kurs verzögert, Bid/Ask realtime +15 Min. +20 Min. etc. Schlusskurs oder Spotkurs Nie mehr ein Update dieser Seite verpassen, finanztreff.de RSS-Feeds abonnieren! Investmentecke Topthemen Marktberichte Insidertrades Empfehlungen Nachrichten Adhoc Wirtschaft & Politik Sport Suchen & Finden auf finanztreff.de Aktien Chartsignale Aktienvergleich Fonds Top Service Fonds ETF ETF-Vergleich ETC Anleihen Mittelstandsanleihen Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Indizes Indizes Deutschland DAX Realtime Devisen Crossrates Währungsrechner Rohstoffpreise Top-Nachrichten Musterdepot & Watchlist kostenlose Realtimekurse Planspiel Börse mobile Tools von finanztreff.de und vwd finanztreff.de mobil finanztreff.de iPhone App Wissenstests, Hilfe & Börsenlexikon auf finanztreff.de Hilfe Lexika: Börsenlexikon Fondslexikon Wissenstests: Aktien Fonds Zertifikate Hebelprodukte Über finanztreff.de Impressum Nutzungshinweise Kontakt Verzögerungszeiten Inhaltelizenzierung Mediadaten Jobs © 2016 vwd netsolutions GmbH part of the vwd.com vwdgroup.ch moneyspecial.de QuickChart Quicknews Umfrage Neu/Blog Empfehlen Neue Newsletter Aktualisieren Exklusives Angebot Diese Seite empfehlenschliessen Interessant, oder? Teilen Sie diese Seite auf Facebook, Google+ oder Twitter Aktuelle Umfrageschliessen Abzocke mit gekaperten Konten bei Amazon. Die Verbraucherzentrale fordert von Amazon, Nutzer an prominenter Stelle zu warnen - beispielsweise wie Banken beim Login. Was meinen Sie? Ja, so ist man vorgewarnt. Nein, wer darauf reinfällt, ist selbst schuld. Jetzt abstimmen! Alle Umfragen ansehen Börse Stuttgart Anlegerclubschliessen Ihr kostenfreies Plus an Börsenwissen! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart bietet seinen Mitgliedern sechs Mal im Jahr ein informatives Anlegermagazin, welches über aussichtsreiche Anlage- und Tradingmöglichkeiten berichtet. Jetzt kostenlos Mitglied werden
News Business Counties Sports Blogs & Opinion Life and Style Videos News Politics Africa World Latest News Pistorius to serve six-year sentence at 'special needs' prison Options galore for Obama in his retirement life Lawyer says he saw Moi sign land papers Murkomen won’t face MPs, says Gumbo Business Corporates Enterprise Technology Seeds of Gold Latest Business Agony for motorists as fuel prices go up Ado Oseragbaje: Localisation is key to GE’s development of oil, gas GE Africa Digital Day gathers industry leaders to focus on region's Williamson, Kapchorua in uncertainty after staff pay order Counties Coast Eastern Mount Kenya Northern North Rift South Rift Nyanza-Kisii Western Latest Counties Uhuru to grace matatu owners conference in Nairobi Govt to construct 20 dams in Mount Kenya region Tana River governor to visit Murang’a water tunnel project Governors declare drought a disaster Sports Football Athletics Rugby Golf Others TalkUp Latest Sports Shah rules the roost at Muthaiga Golf Club Muya, Nzisa shine at Makueni Half Marathon Knighthood shakes off rivals to win Geoffrey Griffin Trophy China, Japan to join Bolt for Aussie event Blogs & Opinion Blogs Commentaries Editorial Cartoons Latest Blogs & Opinion MUREITHI: If you want to grow, then embrace change OWUOR: Now world waits to see how the US will repair its tattered GAITHO: Lessons from America on how to report our election next year KAMAU: Media fell victim to spiral of silence Life and Style Art & Culture Family Health Showbiz Travel Women & Style Magazines Latest Life and Style Funky Kool and the Gang bring boogie back to thrilled fans: PHOTOS Seeking halal contraception in Kenya's Muslim northeast Hollywood worries about Trump as stars honour Jackie Chan I was overweight and miserable Videos = Home Life and Style Health Reports warn of explosion in cancer deaths among women Wednesday November 2 2016 email print Two reports have warned of an explosion in cancer deaths among women, with a toll, mainly from breast cancer, of some 5.5 million per year by 2030 — roughly the population of Denmark. PHOTO | FILE  In Summary According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 percent of cases and 64 percent of deaths were in less developed countries. "These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population," said the ACS report. Advertisement By AFP More by this Author Two reports have warned of an explosion in cancer deaths among women, with a toll, mainly from breast cancer, of some 5.5 million per year by 2030 — roughly the population of Denmark. This represented a near 60-percent increase in less than two decades, said an analysis conducted by the American Cancer Society (ACS), released Tuesday at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the ACS, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. A second report, published in The Lancet medical journal on Wednesday, said the number of women diagnosed with breast cancer alone could almost double to 3.2 million a year by 2030 from 1.7 million in 2015. For cervical cancer, the number of diagnoses could "rise by at least 25 percent to over 700,000 by 2030," mainly in low- and middle-income countries, said a statement from The Lancet. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the ACS report — the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers — breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer — are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." REGIONAL DIFFERENCES According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 percent of cases and 64 percent of deaths were in less developed countries. "These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population," said the ACS report. The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. The highest ratio of cancer cases per population group are still reported in high-income countries in Europe, the Americas and Asia, but this was partly due to better access to screening and detection. Deaths, however, were proportionally much higher in low- and middle-income countries with reduced access to diagnosis and treatment. The countries with the highest death rate were Zimbabwe, Malawi, Kenya, Mongolia and Papua New Guinea. BREAST AND LUNG CANCER Breast and lung cancer are the two most common types in both rich and poor nations, with colorectal cancer the number three killer in developed countries and cervical cancer in less developed ones. Cervical cancer can be staved off by vaccination against the cancer-causing Human papillomavirus (HPV) and can be easily detected through regular Papanicolaou (pap) test screens. The Lancet report, comprised of three research papers, said a basic cancer control package could be introduced in low- and middle-income countries for as little as $1.72 (1.55 euros) per person — the equivalent of just three percent of current health spending in these countries. Universal HPV vaccination of all 12-year-old girls could prevent 420,000 deaths worldwide over their lifetime. "The global community cannot continue to ignore the problem — hundreds of thousands of women are dying unnecessarily every year," said Richard Sullivan of King's College London, who co-authored The Lancet report. "Not only are the costs of essential cancer services for women lower than expected, but scale-up of diagnostic, surgical and treatment services are a highly effective investment compared the devastating economic cost to countries, communities and families."   email print In the headlines Hunt for Raila mole in Kalonzo backyard Party to discuss allegation that Muthama is working on a plot to deny Kalonzo chance to carry Wife in custody after murder of school principal Principal of Kiru Boys went missing last week and was found strangled nearly a week later Boy takes mental drug to pass math Murkomen won’t face MPs, says Gumbo Options galore for Obama in his retirement life Lands officials accused of laxity, shielding grabbers from the law Missing principal found dead in Kiambu - VIDEO We are united, Jubilee rivals for Nairobi governorship say Latest: Life and Style Showbiz Funky Kool and the Gang bring boogie back to thrilled fans: PHOTOS   Health, Science and Environment Seeking halal contraception in Kenya's Muslim northeast   Showbiz Hollywood worries about Trump as stars honour Jackie Chan   DN2 I was overweight and miserable   DN2 KITOTO: He wants me to be his second wife...   DN2 KITOTO: My girlfriend is still seeing her ex   DN2 KITOTO: How do you relate with your spouse?   LATEST FROM NAIROBI NEWS LATEST NTV VIDEOS CJ Maranga says he will lead a united Supreme Court Missing Kiru Boys Principal found dead, wife the main suspect in murder Eldoret residents voice their views on NTV's feature poor millionaire Death of inmate at Wajir GK prison raises concerns KCSE scare in Kisumu as exam papers are delivered in carton with a hole Watch More Videos Contact Us FAQ E-papers About Us Business Daily Daily Monitor Nairobi News NTV The Citizen The EastAfrican
null
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, November 15, 2016 7:38 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Life Reports warn of explosion in cancer deaths among women Wednesday November 2, 2016 04:37 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Rooney out of Spain game, Henderson to captain England The Edit: Supermoon wows stargazers tonight Sweden starts grilling of Assange at Ecuador embassy ProjekMMO: Siapa MP Pandan jika Rafizi gagal rayuan? Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Reports have warned of an explosion in cancer deaths among women with a toll mainly from breast cancer. — AFP picNEW YORK, Nov 2 — Two reports have warned of an explosion in cancer deaths among women, with a toll, mainly from breast cancer, of some 5.5 million per year by 2030 — roughly the population of Denmark. This represented a near 60-per cent increase in less than two decades, said an analysis conducted by the American Cancer Society (ACS), released yesterday at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. “Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults”, placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the ACS, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. A second report, published in The Lancet medical journal today, said the number of women diagnosed with breast cancer alone could almost double to 3.2 million a year by 2030 from 1.7 million in 2015. For cervical cancer, the number of diagnoses could “rise by at least 25 percent to over 700,000 by 2030”, mainly in low- and middle-income countries, said a statement from The Lancet. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the ACS report — the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers — breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer — are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors “associated with rapid economic transition,” said Cowal, “such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors” such as postponing motherhood. “Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent,” said the report entitled “The Global Burden of Cancer in Women.” Regional differences According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 per cent of cases and 64 percent of deaths were in less developed countries. “These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population,” said the ACS report. The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. The highest ratio of cancer cases per population group are still reported in high-income countries in Europe, the Americas and Asia, but this was partly due to better access to screening and detection. Deaths, however, were proportionally much higher in low- and middle-income countries with reduced access to diagnosis and treatment. The countries with the highest death rate were Zimbabwe, Malawi, Kenya, Mongolia and Papua New Guinea. Breast and lung cancer are the two most common types in both rich and poor nations, with colorectal cancer the number three killer in developed countries and cervical cancer in less developed ones. Cervical cancer can be staved off by vaccination against the cancer-causing Human papillomavirus (HPV) and can be easily detected through regular Papanicolaou (pap) test screens. The Lancet report, comprised of three research papers, said a basic cancer control package could be introduced in low- and middle-income countries for as little as US$1.72 (RM7.21) per person — the equivalent of just three per cent of current health spending in these countries. Universal HPV vaccination of all 12-year-old girls could prevent 420,000 deaths worldwide over their lifetime. “The global community cannot continue to ignore the problem — hundreds of thousands of women are dying unnecessarily every year,” said Richard Sullivan of King's College London, who co-authored The Lancet report. “Not only are the costs of essential cancer services for women lower than expected, but scale-up of diagnostic, surgical and treatment services are a highly effective investment compared the devastating economic cost to countries, communities and families.” — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Cut genetic risk of heart attack with a healthy lifestyle says new research Rihanna and Manolo Blahnik team up on winter shoe collection Michael Kors: How the new Singapore flaghsip store is better than online shopping World Diabetes Day: Five dietary tips for diabetics Historic gems to star at Geneva jewel auctions Elephants kneel to pay respect to late Thai king Bhumibol ‘Rose Gold’ is this winter’s hottest hair trend What it is like being a 24-year-old female farmer in Singapore Blood pressure spike around doctors might point to heart problem Hilarious Singaporean take on BBC’s ‘Iguana vs Snake’ documentary (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week 'Beauty and the Beast' first full-length trailer Reuters Video: Models with Down Syndrome team up with celebrities Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Reuters Video: Duchess meets movie-star cat, animals go wild Related Articles Yellow ribbons against cancer afflicting Malaysia — Dr Subatra Jayaraj Study links tobacco to 40pc of US cancers Study links low vitamin D levels to increased bladder cancer risk Childhood cancer survivors continue to have lasting health problems Alcohol’s cancer toll revealed Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
In English На русском Հայերեն Full version November 2, 2016 - 11:37 AMT SHARE Cancer to kill 5.5 million women a year by 2030 Two reports have warned of an explosion in cancer deaths among women, with a toll, mainly from breast cancer, of some 5.5 million per year by 2030 -- roughly the population of Denmark, AFP reports. This represented a near 60-percent increase in less than two decades, said an analysis conducted by the American Cancer Society (ACS), released Tuesday, November 1 at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults, placing a heavy burden on families and national economies," said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the ACS, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. A second report, published in The Lancet medical journal on Wednesday, said the number of women diagnosed with breast cancer alone could almost double to 3.2 million a year by 2030 from 1.7 million in 2015. For cervical cancer, the number of diagnoses could "rise by at least 25 percent to over 700,000 by 2030," mainly in low- and middle-income countries, said a statement from The Lancet. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the ACS report -- the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers -- breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer -- are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare, AFP says. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." SHARE PanARMENIAN.Net © 2000—2016
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Hepatitis B Vaccine Market 2021 New Research Study ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Hepatitis B Vaccine2021 Market Research Report The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, November 02, 2016 ) This report studies Hepatitis B Vaccine in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with Production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering GSK Merck Sanofi-Pasteur Novartis BE CSL Behring LG Life Sciences Crucell Berna TIANTAN BIO BIO KANGTAI Hissen NCPC GeneTech HUALAN BIO For more information about this report at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-hepatitis-b-vaccine-market-research-report-2016 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Hepatitis B Vaccine in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Hepatitis B Vaccine in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Request a sample copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001443368/sample Table of Content 1 Hepatitis B Vaccine Overview 2 Global Hepatitis B Vaccine Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Hepatitis B Vaccine Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 4 Global Hepatitis B Vaccine Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.1 Global Hepatitis B Vaccine Consumption by Regions (2011-2016) 4.2 North America Hepatitis B Vaccine Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.3 Europe Hepatitis B Vaccine Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.4 China Hepatitis B Vaccine Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.5 Japan Hepatitis B Vaccine Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.6 Southeast Asia Hepatitis B Vaccine Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.7 India Hepatitis B Vaccine Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 5 Global Hepatitis B Vaccine Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Hepatitis B Vaccine Production and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.2 Global Hepatitis B Vaccine Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.3 Global Hepatitis B Vaccine Price by Type (2011-2016) 5.4 Global Hepatitis B Vaccine Production Growth by Type (2011-2016) Ask for Discount at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001443368/discount 6 Global Hepatitis B Vaccine Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Hepatitis B Vaccine Consumption and Market Share by Application (2011-2016) 6.2 Global Hepatitis B Vaccine Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2011-2016) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries 7 Global Hepatitis B Vaccine Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 GSK 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Hepatitis B Vaccine Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Type I 7.1.2.2 Type II 7.1.3 GSK Hepatitis B Vaccine Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Merck 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Hepatitis B Vaccine Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Type I 7.2.2.2 Type II 7.2.3 Merck Hepatitis B Vaccine Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Research Findings and Conclusion 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Hepatitis B Vaccine Market Forecast (2016-2021) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix Purchase Complete Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001443368/buy/2900 Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters World Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Global cancer death toll among women is poised to soar, two reports warn  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›World Global cancer death toll among women is poised to soar, two reports warn Toll could hit 5.5 million per year by 2030, with breast cancer alone claiming 3.2 million lives PUBLISHED : Wednesday, 02 November, 2016, 2:16pm UPDATED : Wednesday, 02 November, 2016, 8:28pm Comments:   Agence France-Presse Share PrintEmail Two reports have warned of an explosion in cancer deaths among women, with a toll, mainly from breast cancer, of some 5.5 million per year by 2030. This would represent a near 60 per cent increase in less than two decades, said an analysis conducted by the American Cancer Society (ACS), released Tuesday at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. “Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,” placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice-president of global health at the ACS, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. A second report, published in The Lancet medical journal on Wednesday, said the number of women diagnosed with breast cancer alone could almost double to 3.2 million a year by 2030 from 1.7 million in 2015. For cervical cancer, the number of diagnoses could “rise by at least 25 per cent to over 700,000 by 2030,” mainly in low- and middle-income countries, said a statement from The Lancet. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the ACS report - the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers - breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer - are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors “associated with rapid economic transition,” said Cowal, “such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors” such as postponing motherhood. “Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent,” said the report entitled “The Global Burden of Cancer in Women.” According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 per cent of cases and 64 per cent of deaths were in less developed countries. “These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population,” said the ACS report. The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. The highest ratio of cancer cases per population group are still reported in high-income countries in Europe, the Americas and Asia, but this was partly due to better access to screening and detection. Deaths, however, were proportionally much higher in low- and middle-income countries with reduced access to diagnosis and treatment. The countries with the highest death rate were Zimbabwe, Malawi, Kenya, Mongolia and Papua New Guinea. Breast and lung cancer are the two most common types in both rich and poor nations, with colorectal cancer the number three killer in developed countries and cervical cancer in less developed ones. Cervical cancer can be staved off by vaccination against the cancer-causing Human papillomavirus (HPV) and can be easily detected through regular pap test screens. The Lancet report, comprised of three research papers, said a basic cancer control package could be introduced in low- and middle-income countries for as little as US$1.72 per person - the equivalent of just three per cent of current health spending in these countries. Universal HPV vaccination of all 12-year-old girls could prevent 420,000 deaths worldwide over their lifetime. “The global community cannot continue to ignore the problem -- hundreds of thousands of women are dying unnecessarily every year,” said Richard Sullivan of King’s College London, who co-authored The Lancet report. “Not only are the costs of essential cancer services for women lower than expected, but scale-up of diagnostic, surgical and treatment services are a highly effective investment compared the devastating economic cost to countries, communities and families.” This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: women at risk: death toll from cancer to spike   Most Popular Viewed 1 WikiLeaks' Assange vows to release ‘significant’ documents before US election 2 The C-word: why Hong Kong localists have offended all Chinese 3 Decision on Hong Kong localist duo should be made by Legco, not court, lawyers argue in high-stakes hearing over oath saga 4 Legco adjourned amid chaos as Hong Kong localists try to retake oaths and crash relocated meeting 5 Beijing to interpret Hong Kong’s Basic Law over oath-taking saga Shared 1 Beijing ‘strongly dissatisfied’ after South Korean coastguard fires machine guns at Chinese trawlers 2 The C-word: why Hong Kong localists have offended all Chinese 3 Finance, wealth and ... slavery? Hong Kong one of Asia’s worst for forced labour 4 Beijing to interpret Hong Kong’s Basic Law over oath-taking saga 5 ‘There’s nothing to be ashamed of’: why Chinese Americans are taking to the streets to back Trump Commented 1 Hong Kong oath-taking saga shows ugly side of city’s colonial legacy 2 Pan-democrats’ shameless exploitation of oath saga has brought the NPC down on us 3 Sorry to disappoint, doomsayers, but Hong Kong is far from finished 4 Hong Kong will pay a heavy price for yet another Basic Law interpretation 5 The next black swan could be fast approaching from a region that few are talking about Promotions Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2016 2H       You may also like China How new Xinjiang party boss became front runner in race to be one of China’s most powerful men 30 Oct 2016 - 11:24pm 2 Out on the town: experiencing Macau is far from a gamble In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Why bankers and cocaine are best of friends 30 Oct 2016 - 8:46pm 9 The expanded campus at GSIS highlights the school’s commitment to improvement Brought to you by: German Swiss International School Hong Kong Illegal fees, little rest and no documents: domestic helpers in Hong Kong continue to fight for their rights 30 Oct 2016 - 8:07am 21 Hong Kong Should history lessons in schools include details about Hong Kong’s 1967 riots? 30 Oct 2016 - 10:29pm 9 China A billion billion calculations per second: where no computer has gone before 29 Oct 2016 - 8:00am 4 Hong Kong Meet Viveca Chow, Broadway musical star from Hong Kong Oct 28th 2016, 11:57pm World Plane bursts into flame at Chicago airport Oct 29th 2016, 3:45pm China China has world’s most skewed sex ratio at birth – again 27 Oct 2016 - 10:04pm 2 Post Magazine The Asian men who buy sex with Cambodian virgins 28 Oct 2016 - 10:54am 3 Post Magazine With the paedophile-hunters on the streets of Phnom Penh 28 Oct 2016 - 10:55am 1 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content facebook twitter instagram googleplus rss toggle menu Home Health News Body & Mind TCM Ask the expert Patients' Stories Search Health News Wednesday, Nov 02, 2016 Share this article News PostPurchase this article for republication. Breast cancer cervical cancer Reports warn of explosion in cancer deaths among women by 2030 Photo: The Straits Times PARIS - Two reports have warned of an explosion in cancer deaths among women, with a toll, mainly from breast cancer, of some 5.5 million per year by 2030 - roughly the population of Denmark. This represented a near 60-per cent increase in less than two decades, said an analysis conducted by the American Cancer Society (ACS), released Tuesday at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the ACS, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. Photo Gallery Breast cancer myths and facts Photo sources:  The Straits Times, Shutterstock.com, pixabay, Changi General Hospital See all+13 A second report, published in The Lancet medical journal on Wednesday, said the number of women diagnosed with breast cancer alone could almost double to 3.2 million a year by 2030 from 1.7 million in 2015. For cervical cancer, the number of diagnoses could "rise by at least 25 per cent to over 700,000 by 2030," mainly in low- and middle-income countries, said a statement from The Lancet. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the ACS report - the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers - breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer - are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women.". According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 per cent of cases and 64 per cent of deaths were in less developed countries. "These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population," said the ACS report. The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. The highest ratio of cancer cases per population group are still reported in high-income countries in Europe, the Americas and Asia, but this was partly due to better access to screening and detection. Deaths, however, were proportionally much higher in low- and middle-income countries with reduced access to diagnosis and treatment. The countries with the highest death rate were Zimbabwe, Malawi, Kenya, Mongolia and Papua New Guinea. Breast and lung cancer are the two most common types in both rich and poor nations, with colorectal cancer the number three killer in developed countries and cervical cancer in less developed ones. Cervical cancer can be staved off by vaccination against the cancer-causing Human papillomavirus (HPV) and can be easily detected through regular Papanicolaou (pap) test screens. The Lancet report, comprised of three research papers, said a basic cancer control package could be introduced in low- and middle-income countries for as little as $1.72 (S$2.30) per person - the equivalent of just three per cent of current health spending in these countries. Universal HPV vaccination of all 12-year-old girls could prevent 420,000 deaths worldwide over their lifetime. "The global community cannot continue to ignore the problem - hundreds of thousands of women are dying unnecessarily every year," said Richard Sullivan of King's College London, who co-authored The Lancet report. "Not only are the costs of essential cancer services for women lower than expected, but scale-up of diagnostic, surgical and treatment services are a highly effective investment compared the devastating economic cost to countries, communities and families." Related Stories Epileptic girl overcomes Mexico cannabis ban World on way to 'generation free of AIDS', says UN chief US boy is world's youngest recipient of double hand transplant Antioxidants speed up cancer spread in mice: study No comments yet. Be the first to post comment. MOST READ » HEALTH Telemedicine: the way forward for the health sector Woman nearly dies after breast implant turns mouldy Plastic surgeon censured, fined over pre-op shots A simple recipe for a healthy fruity salad Ancient parasite highlights humans' role in spread of disease Foetuses with abnormalities aborted in 'selective reduction': Japan Stigma stalks India's leprosy sufferers as disease returns Shanghai drinking water hit by salt tide Fewer mothers pass HIV to babies Poly manager lost 30kg in under 2 years About Us Advertising Privacy Statement Follow Us Tell Us   Name * Email Address * Comment * Submit SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2016. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd . Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. Terms & Conditions | Personal Data Protection Statement
Breaking News Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office, Obama says Wall Street ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop Over 412 million adult-website credentials hacked: security firm Europeans agree defense plan after campaign swipes by Trump U.S. journalist and PBS anchor Gwen Ifill dies at 61 Russian police find evidence of fraud during parliamentary election Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Google says working on policy update to restrict ads on fake news sites SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47 billion takeover offer: source Tue 15 Nov 2016 - 15 Safar 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Salim Al Shueili Home Head stories Local International Analysis Business Sports Features Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Entertainment Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor Books Lifestyle People Spotlight WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive Home → Head stories → Cancer to kill 5.5m women a year by 2030 Cancer to kill 5.5m women a year by 2030 Tuesday 01st, November 2016 / 23:35 Written by Oman Observer in Head stories, Main PARIS: Cancer will kill 5.5 million women — about the population of Denmark — per year by 2030, a near 60-per cent increase in less than two decades, a report said Tuesday. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. “Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,”, placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report — the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers — breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer — are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors “associated with rapid economic transition,” said Cowal, “such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors” such as postponing motherhood. “Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent,” said the report entitled “The Global Burden of Cancer in Women.” — AFP About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Relief soon for Dhaka, Lahore air passengers Replace old gas cylinders before November 15 → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent HM condoles with Saudi King Syrian Ambassador bids farewell to Oman HM receives Kerry Read More ... Facebook Twitter 2 hours agoRT @JohnKerry: #Oman is a strong and valued partner. Together we're working to address some of the region’s most challenging issues. https:… 2 hours agoRT @JohnKerry: Sultan Qaboos of Oman has been a great leader, partner on issues incl security & countering violent extremism. Pleased to me… 2 hours agoRT @badralbusaidi: Welcoming Secretary John Kerry today - discussions focused on the hard work devoted on regional issues - Yemen in parti… Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Toggle navigation Toggle Universal Navigation News facebook twitter youtube Home News Business Overseas Entertainment Life Sports Trending Weather Focus ANC DZMM TV PATROL Home  >  Life Reports warn of explosion in cancer deaths among women Mariëtte Le Roux, Agence France-Presse Posted at Nov 02 2016 08:26 AM Share Facebook Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest The world's largest awareness ribbon made of flowers is seen from above during the UAE leg of the Avon Walk around the world for Breast Cancer Awareness walkathon in Zaabeel park in Dubai. Reuters PARIS, France - Two reports have warned of an explosion in cancer deaths among women, with a toll, mainly from breast cancer, of some 5.5 million per year by 2030 -- roughly the population of Denmark. This represented a near 60-percent increase in less than two decades, said an analysis conducted by the American Cancer Society (ACS), released Tuesday at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. Mammograms may not reduce breast cancer deaths As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the ACS, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. A second report, published in The Lancet medical journal on Wednesday, said the number of women diagnosed with breast cancer alone could almost double to 3.2 million a year by 2030 from 1.7 million in 2015. For cervical cancer, the number of diagnoses could "rise by at least 25 percent to over 700,000 by 2030," mainly in low- and middle-income countries, said a statement from The Lancet. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the ACS report -- the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers -- breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer -- are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." Regional differences According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 percent of cases and 64 percent of deaths were in less developed countries. "These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population," said the ACS report. The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. The highest ratio of cancer cases per population group are still reported in high-income countries in Europe, the Americas and Asia, but this was partly due to better access to screening and detection. Deaths, however, were proportionally much higher in low- and middle-income countries with reduced access to diagnosis and treatment. The countries with the highest death rate were Zimbabwe, Malawi, Kenya, Mongolia and Papua New Guinea. Breast and lung cancer are the two most common types in both rich and poor nations, with colorectal cancer the number three killer in developed countries and cervical cancer in less developed ones. Cervical cancer can be staved off by vaccination against the cancer-causing Human papillomavirus (HPV) and can be easily detected through regular Papanicolaou (pap) test screens. The Lancet report, comprised of three research papers, said a basic cancer control package could be introduced in low- and middle-income countries for as little as $1.72 (1.55 euros) per person -- the equivalent of just three percent of current health spending in these countries. Universal HPV vaccination of all 12-year-old girls could prevent 420,000 deaths worldwide over their lifetime. "The global community cannot continue to ignore the problem -- hundreds of thousands of women are dying unnecessarily every year," said Richard Sullivan of King's College London, who co-authored The Lancet report. "Not only are the costs of essential cancer services for women lower than expected, but scale-up of diagnostic, surgical and treatment services are a highly effective investment compared the devastating economic cost to countries, communities and families." mlr/jm © 1994-2016 Agence France-Presse Share Facebook Share on Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest Read More:  denmark   cancer   breast cancer   /life/08/05/16/colon-cancer-mas-tinatamaan-ang-mga-lalaki /entertainment/08/12/16/mom-with-cancer-visits-daughter-inside-pbb-house /sports/08/26/16/polish-olympian-sells-rio-medal-to-save-boy-battling-cancer /news/09/11/16/cancer-stricken-miriam-in-hospital-but-not-in-icu /news/09/29/16/why-bongbong-didnt-tell-miriam-to-slow-down-despite-cancer-battle LATEST NEWS MOST READ Supermoon November 15, 2016 Kerwin Espinosa, posibleng isailalim sa NBI custody November 15, 2016 Pimentel, sinagot ang patutsada ni Andanar sa Marcos burial November 15, 2016 Marcos bust sa highway, nais buuin muli November 15, 2016 Supermoon, inabangan ng mga Pinoy November 15, 2016 Pet owners at alagang aso, nag-bonding sa dog yoga November 15, 2016 PSEi posts over 400-point net loss since U.S. elections November 15, 2016 LOOK: Tanner Mata's twin brother November 15, 2016 Man 'who almost broke the internet' escapes jail November 15, 2016 Argentina to exterminate 100,000 beavers November 15, 2016 LOOK: Patek Philippe watch fetches record $11M at auction November 15, 2016 Steinmeier eyed as Germany's next president November 15, 2016 Dela Rosa: U.S. rifle deal still on November 15, 2016 Senate awaits outcome of Villanueva's appeal November 15, 2016 PCGG to continue efforts to recover Marcos ill-gotten wealth November 15, 2016 BRAND NEWS How to prevent diabetes Does ordinary milk bore you? Try this out Planning to get a haircut? Here are some things to consider Smart partners with PayMaya for easier online transactions World-class LG V20 smartphone now in PH ArthaLand’s Cebu Exchange to help boost Cebu and rest of VisMin’s economy Buying a car or a house? Watch this '90s things every Pinoy millennial squad can relate to Dawn Zulueta’s unfiltered reaction on being called ‘expired’ More than just a unit - literally 15 memes that only ‘Stranger Things’ fans can understand Highlight your best features The essential accessory that could be missing in your wardrobe 5 reasons to love Miranda Sings Unveil your wild side with H&M’s new collection Solid bonding experience para sa buong tropa? Try niyo ‘to! 5 germiest home items during the rainy season 10 reasons your kid shouldn’t stop drinking milk WATCH: A healthy gift guide for the busy call center agent Give the gift of learning, give the gift that matters Having a hard time removing clothing stains? Read this Want a surprise birthday for your child? Here’s how Juday’s son Lucho turned 6 5 things you may not know about 'Stranger Things' cast 10 signs of a school-ready kid Smart Launchpad names next big Pinoy content creators Shamcey shares safety tips for travelling with baby 5 tips on how to take better food photos A Merry Christmas Feast: Swift Festival Ham next BRAND NEWS How to prevent diabetes Does ordinary milk bore you? Try this out Planning to get a haircut? Here are some things to consider Smart partners with PayMaya for easier online transactions World-class LG V20 smartphone now in PH ArthaLand’s Cebu Exchange to help boost Cebu and rest of VisMin’s economy Buying a car or a house? Watch this '90s things every Pinoy millennial squad can relate to Dawn Zulueta’s unfiltered reaction on being called ‘expired’ More than just a unit - literally 15 memes that only ‘Stranger Things’ fans can understand Highlight your best features The essential accessory that could be missing in your wardrobe 5 reasons to love Miranda Sings Unveil your wild side with H&M’s new collection Solid bonding experience para sa buong tropa? Try niyo ‘to! 5 germiest home items during the rainy season 10 reasons your kid shouldn’t stop drinking milk WATCH: A healthy gift guide for the busy call center agent Give the gift of learning, give the gift that matters Having a hard time removing clothing stains? Read this Want a surprise birthday for your child? Here’s how Juday’s son Lucho turned 6 5 things you may not know about 'Stranger Things' cast 10 signs of a school-ready kid Smart Launchpad names next big Pinoy content creators Shamcey shares safety tips for travelling with baby 5 tips on how to take better food photos A Merry Christmas Feast: Swift Festival Ham © 2016 ABS-CBN Corporation. All Rights Reserved. AboutCareersPrivacyTermsContact UsAdvertise With Us
15 Nov 2016 Local World Business Sports Reports warn of explosion in cancer deaths among women Posted on 2 November 2016 - 09:09am TWO reports have warned of an explosion in cancer deaths among women, with a toll, mainly from breast cancer, of some 5.5 million per year by 2030 – roughly the population of Denmark. This represented a near 60% increase in less than two decades, said an analysis conducted by the American Cancer Society (ACS), released Tuesday at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the ACS, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. A second report, published in The Lancet medical journal on Wednesday, said the number of women diagnosed with breast cancer alone could almost double to 3.2 million a year by 2030 from 1.7 million in 2015. For cervical cancer, the number of diagnoses could "rise by at least 25% to over 700,000 by 2030," mainly in low- and middle-income countries, said a statement from The Lancet. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the ACS report – the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers – breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer – are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." Regional differences According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56% of cases and 64% of deaths were in less developed countries. "These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population," said the ACS report. The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. The highest ratio of cancer cases per population group are still reported in high-income countries in Europe, the Americas and Asia, but this was partly due to better access to screening and detection. Deaths, however, were proportionally much higher in low- and middle-income countries with reduced access to diagnosis and treatment. The countries with the highest death rate were Zimbabwe, Malawi, Kenya, Mongolia and Papua New Guinea. Breast and lung cancer are the two most common types in both rich and poor nations, with colorectal cancer the number three killer in developed countries and cervical cancer in less developed ones. Cervical cancer can be staved off by vaccination against the cancer-causing Human papillomavirus (HPV) and can be easily detected through regular Papanicolaou (pap) test screens. The Lancet report, comprised of three research papers, said a basic cancer control package could be introduced in low- and middle-income countries for as little as US$1.72 (RM7.21) per person – the equivalent of just three percent of current health spending in these countries. Universal HPV vaccination of all 12-year-old girls could prevent 420,000 deaths worldwide over their lifetime. "The global community cannot continue to ignore the problem – hundreds of thousands of women are dying unnecessarily every year," said Richard Sullivan of King's College London, who co-authored The Lancet report. "Not only are the costs of essential cancer services for women lower than expected, but scale-up of diagnostic, surgical and treatment services are a highly effective investment compared the devastating economic cost to countries, communities and families." — AFP Share this news: Lifestyle Opinion Property Education Media & Marketing Community Photos Home Contact Us RSS Archive Advertise with Us View desktop version Copyright © 2016 Sun Media Corporation Sdn. Bhd. All rights reserved.
null
null
Leisure Home LBoard BN confident of retaining states Robin Augustin Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Report: Cancer to kill 5.5 million women a year by 2030 AFP | November 2, 2016 Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report -- the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. Cancer will kill 5.5 million women — about the population of Denmark — per year by 2030, a near 60-percent increase in less than two decades, a report said Tuesday. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. “Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,”, placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review “highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer,” she told AFP. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report — the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers — breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer — are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors “associated with rapid economic transition,” said Cowal, “such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors” such as postponing motherhood. “Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent,” said the report entitled “The Global Burden of Cancer in Women.” It was presented Tuesday at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 percent of cases and 64 percent of deaths were in less developed countries. “These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population,” said the new report. Regional differences The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. The report said the highest ratio of cancer cases per population group are still reported in high-income countries in Europe, the Americas and Asia, but this was partly due to better access to screening and detection. Deaths, however, were proportionally much higher in low- and middle-income countries with reduced access to diagnosis and treatment. The countries with the highest death rate were Zimbabwe, Malawi, Kenya, Mongolia and Papua New Guinea. Breast and lung cancer are the two most common types in both rich and poor nations, with colorectal cancer the number three killer in developed countries, and cervical cancer in less developed ones. Cervical cancer can be staved off by vaccination against the cancer-causing Human papillomavirus (HPV), and can be easily detected through regular Papanicolaou (pap) test screens. “Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer among women in 140 countries worldwide and cervical cancer is the most common in 39 countries, all of which are LMICs (low- and medium-income countries),” said the report. It said the global economic burden of cancer for both genders was about $286 billion (261 billion euros) in 2009, including costs for treatment and care, and loss of workforce productivity. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story M’sia-China sign historic 14 agreements worth RM144b Guardiola thrilled to beat ‘world’s best’ Barca Explore topics Cancer, special ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News PKR official’s car torched in Malacca New charges for first, second class wards from Jan 1 Ringgit may drop to 4.80 to USD, says CIMB analyst Zuraida beri Jamal Yunos tempoh 48 jam minta maaf Duterte: If Islamic State comes to Philippines, forget human Santiago slams hike in hospital charges Kesan pelantikan Trump terhadap Malaysia Shafie: Warisan will not join opposition in peninsula Rafizi sentenced to 18 months’ jail for leaking 1MDB… Jamal denies accusing cops of assault ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Kesan pelantikan Trump terhadap Malaysia Time for M’sia to re-think its economic framework Understanding Trump’s victory over Clinton M’sians far from being an educated society What’s in a name? Kami dah lelah dengan politik Malaysia More... FMT Bahasa 10 tan abu Al-Quran rosak ketika banjir dilupuskan Shafie: Warisan Sabah tidak akan masuk pakatan dari Semenanjung Duterte akan ketepikan hak asasi manusia untuk lawan IS SPRM tahan bekas CEO GLC dipercayai salah guna kuasa, rasuah Tempoh hingga esok bapa mualaf hadir mahkamah Jabatan keselamatan temui 800 eskalator tak selamat di tempat awam More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  After-hours buzz: AAL, DAL, UAL & more × × × Biotech and Pharmaceuticals Health Care Hospitals Pharma Equipment & Services Health Insurance Health Care IT Modern Medicine Doctors spar over passing a California proposition on drug price relief Rachel Cao | @rachelyicao Tuesday, 1 Nov 2016 | 5:53 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Drug Price Relief Act battle</p> <p>Debating whether California voters should pass Proposition 61, the Drug Price Relief Act, with Scott Gottlieb, physician and American Enterprise Institute Resident Fellow, and Zeke Emanuel, University of Pennsylvania vice provost for global initiatives.</p> Drug Price Relief Act battle    Tuesday, 1 Nov 2016 | 3:27 PM ET | 03:33 Two doctors clashed Tuesday afternoon over their stances on California's Proposition 61, a referendum that would require state agencies to get the same discount on drugs as the Department of Veteran Affairs. The proposition is shaping up to be one of the most expensive ballot initiatives in California history with a record $120 million contributed. A majority of the contributions oppose the vote with Merck, Pfizer and Johnson & Johnson among the biggest donors. Scott Gottlieb, a physician and resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, told CNBC's "Closing Bell" that he opposes the measure because "it is an impractical solution to a real challenge in the market place" and claims that there are "too many aspects of our drug market place that really lack the kind of competition we would expect." Zeke Emanuel, the Vice Provost for Global Initiatives at the University of Pennsylvania, countered those statements saying that the reason "we don't have a lot of competition in many areas is in part because the government is giving the drug companies monopolies through patents, FDA and marketing exclusivity, without regulation of their prices and they are exploiting that monopoly power." The issue has gained traction since Sen. Bernie Sanders, a proponent for the proposition, tweeted earlier, criticizing the pricing of Eli Lilly's Humalog insulin, citing a Washington Post story and blaming "the drug industry's greed." As a result, Eli Lilly shares dipped more than 1.5 percent on Tuesday. However, Emanuel also acknowledged weaknesses in the proposal, but ultimately believed it's crucial that the proposition passes to send a political message to drug companies about their prices. "This proposal linking the state payment to the V.A. is less than optimal, because it leaves off most people who are not in the state programs, and for those who are getting private insurance, the price could rise for them," Emanuel said. "But politically it is important to send the message to the drug companies that their prices are unacceptable." Gottlieb continued his argument for opposing the proposition, saying that the real problem is different prices reported for the market place. "There is a problem with the growing gap between list price and the actual real price in the market place. It is not the insurance company's fault that the list prices are going up, but more consumers are paying the list price because they find themselves underinsured for drugs. They are paying out of pocket," Gottlieb said. "One thing we can do is change rules to allow drug companies to provide discounts up front rather than having to provide discounts in the form of back ended rebates which don't necessarily benefit consumers. That is a failure of the marketplace." While Emanuel didn't agree that the market place would fix the fundamental problem of drug pricing, he agreed that insurance companies are not to blame for the drug prices and emphasized transparency on actual drug prices. "The insurance companies are trying to protect the commons in this case and drug companies are trying to maximize their profits," Emanuel said. "It would be nice to have more transparency into what the actual prices are. The drug companies control that. But they prefer the shadow game so that they can claim the list price is not the real price and play all of these parties off against each other." If the measure passes, state agencies would be required to comply by July 1, 2017. The critical vote for the proposition will occur on Election Day, November 8. Rachel CaoSpecial to CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change MRK --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 lifestyle You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Preventable Cancers Will Kill 5.5 Million Women Each Year By 2030, Review Predicts Medical Daily 11/1/2016 Dana Dovey © B. Boissonnet/Corbis/Getty Images A new survey has predicted that by the year 2030, as many as 5.5 million women worldwide will die each year from largely preventable cancers. In recent years, we’ve make promising strides in the fight against cancer, and have improved both prevention and treatment efforts. We still have a long way to go, and according to a recent report, one group may be more vulnerable to cancer than others: women. According to the review from the American Cancer Society, in collaboration with the pharmaceutical company Merck, as many as 5.5.million women will die from largely preventable cancers each year by 2030. The report, which was presented at the World Cancer Congress in Paris, says these numbers are due in part to growing and aging populations. Breast and lung cancer are the most common cancers occurring in both rich and poor countries. Colorectal cancer is the third biggest killer in developed countries, while cervical cancer is the third biggest killer in less developed countries. The biggest concentration of cancer will occur in Eastern Asia, but the highest death rates will come from more low income countries such as Kenya and Papua New Guinea. Are Self-Breast Exams Necessary? What Women Need to Know The reason behind these increases in cancer is complicated. For example, rapid economic transitions in many developing countries has led to less physical activity, less healthy diets, and postponed motherhood, all factors known to contribute to cancer risk. This has helped to make cancer rates in developing countries mirror those in more developed countries. According to  Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, "most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults," which could put a considerable burden on not only the families they leave behind, but also the economy, The Daily Mail reported. In addition to an emptier workforce, treating and caring for cancer patients is also an economic burden. For example, the global cost to treat and care for cancer patients in 2009 was $286 billion, and this number is expected to rise. Many of these cancer deaths will be preventable via early screenings or even the HPV vaccination. The report may paint a concerning picture, however, education and prevention tools may help stem losses from cancer.  Source: World Cancer Congress in Paris, 2016. Click to expand Replay Video How to make knit hat ornaments Follow these easy steps to create these festive knit hat ornaments, perfect for the holiday season. Woman’s Day Fashion Math: Cashmere sweater ELLE Fashion Math: Black Blazer ELLE Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume 6 Cancer Fighting Superfoods Health See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next How to make knit hat ornaments Woman’s Day 1:05 Fashion Math: Cashmere sweater ELLE 1:01 Fashion Math: Black Blazer ELLE 1:06 Hairstylist has the most amazing styling techniques INSIDER 0:47 How To Get Beachy Waves With A Flatiron SELF 0:41 How to Wear Party Season’s Boldest Makeup Vogue 0:51 Snuggling dog and baby will give you all the feels USA TODAY 0:15 Cutest little copy cat! Viral Clips Daily 0:34 How to create a snake braid SELF 1:00 A Brief History of Beyoncé Slaying Courtside Style ELLE 0:57 Get a handle on scarves with this closet hack Pennygem 0:46 The Ultimate Fat-Burning, Butt-Lifting Workout You Can Do At Home SELF 1:19 Beauty Hacks - A Broken Compact Hack for Messy Girls Allure 0:28 How To Master The Stacked Squares Manicure Instyle 0:56 7 Easy Bathroom Hacks BuzzFeed 1:08 Emma Stone's Best Red Carpet Moments Vanity Fair 1:05 UP NEXT Go to MSN Home More in Medical Men Quit Male Birth Control Study Cosmopolitan How Is Lupus Treated? Health.com What You Need to Know About Auvi-Q, the New Epi-Pen Alternative Health.com Male Birth Control Shots are 96% Effective, Study Finds Health.com No Cure Yet for Breast Cancer, but 3 Big Advances in 2016 The Motley Fool Drug maker thwarted plan to limit OxyContin prescriptions at dawn of opioid epidemic STAT Up Next Researchers Studying Role of Gender in Autism Associated Press AdChoices AdChoices More from Medical Daily Celebrate National Healthy Lunch Day With These 3 Sandwich Recipes Medical Daily Marijuana May Raise The Risk Of Getting 'Broken Heart Syndrome' Medical Daily What Is Actually Happening When We See An Optical Illusion? Medical Daily 6 Cancers Of The Female Reproductive Organs Medical Daily Medical Daily View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Disclaimer About Health
Subscribe Today   Customer Service  P-Edition  Advertise Top Workplaces UnidosSC.com Weather Home News Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Cannifornian Obits Press-Enterprise Rewards CARS JOBS HOMES DEALS Classifieds City NewsPoliticsTopicsEnvironmentEducationAnnouncementsTrafficPhotosBlogs News How Menifee's parks takeover might hit snag News Krispy Kreme is coming to Menifee on Nov. 15 News Should Riverside fireworks scofflaws pay bigger fines? News Obama's action allowed them to work here legally. With Trump, they fear deportation News Why Banning incumbents are pitted against each other Thanks to new City Council voting districts, two sitting councilmen are battling for District 3. Tweet    Riverside Yellow Pages THINGS TO DO     By GAIL WESSON / STAFF WRITER Published: Nov. 1, 2016 Updated: Nov. 3, 2016 8:44 a.m. Why Banning incumbents are pitted against each other Print Photo Share Pin It 1 of 2 More Galleries     Ed Miller GAIL WESSON, STAFF PHOTO Related article » BANNING CITY COUNCIL CANDIDATES District 3 Ed Miller Age: 84 Family: Married 60 years Occupation: Retired. Professor of materials engineering, New York University, professor of mechanical engineering at Cal State University, Long Beach. Consultant in failure analysis, energy conversion materials, bio-materials, corrosion control. Education: Bachelor's in chemical engineering from the College of the City of New York, master's in metallurgical engineering form New York University and doctorate in engineering science. Interesting fact: I played Bobby Fischer a game of chess at the Manhattan chess club when he was 12 (and lost of course,) but he had to work at it. What is the most important issue facing your district?: Low utility rates and safe drinking water are a major concern of District 3 and all of Banning. I am working to assure that the current residents do not pay for improvements in our electric and water systems that future developments will need, but are not necessary now. What sets you apart from other candidates seeking this office?: I have a doctorate in engineering science, and have the background and experience to analyze complex documents, and have demonstrated that significant cost savings can be obtained by studying all proposals brought before the council, rather than simply rubber stamping approval. Art Welch Age: 78 Family: Married 56 years, three adult children, seven grand children and two great grandsons Occupation: Retired as executive district manager for Merck & Co. after 36 years in pharmaceuticals industry. Current legislative aide for state Sen. Mike Morrell, R-Rancho Cucamonga, similar work for other state legislators. Education: Bachelor's in business administration with an emphasis in marketing from Southeast Missouri State University, Cape Girardeau. Interesting fact: Since my retirement one of the most interesting activities I was involved in was co-managing the walking marshals with Jack Sidwell for the Bob Hope tournament for 15 years. I was the chauffeur for Mr. & Mrs. Hope, President Gerald Ford and Arnold Palmer. I also met many other celebrities. What is the most important issue facing your district?: Traffic, public safety and mobile home issues. I voted for the Rancho San Gorgonio project which will provide the funding for the extension of Sun Lakes Boulevard through to Sunset Avenue and help reduce traffic congestion on Highland Springs Avenue. I will continue to find ways to strengthen our police department and insure proper life-saving response times from our paramedics. I have experience dealing with mobile parks issues at the state level. What sets you apart from other candidates seeking this office?: My involvement in Banning. I have been involved in activities that impact Banning's future. I served on Sun Lakes Master Board of Directors for four years, on the Banning council 2003-2006 and 2013-2016, district representative for Assemblyman Paul Cook for six years and representative for state senators Bill Emmerson and Mike Morrell for four years. Other service includes League of California Cities city representative, Riverside Transportation Agency, city representative and second chair. I believe it is important to work with other government agencies beyond the city limits. There are major resources available to help us achieve our goals. In Banning, voters will choose a council member for the first time to represent a specific geographic area after residents filed a lawsuit stating Latino voters were underrepresented on the elected body in the city. With the new boundaries set by the council earlier this year, incumbent council members Ed Miller and Art Welch, who both live in the age-restricted Sun Lakes community, will face off for the District 3 seat. Miler was elected to the council in 2012 and Welch served on the council from 2003 to 2006, and was again elected in 2012. Only one candidate filed in each of the other two new districts up for election, so Daniela Andrade in District 1, in central Banning, and incumbent councilman Don Peterson in District 2, which covers most of the southern portion of the city, will be appointed to those seats. Council terms are four years. Currently, the council members may live anywhere in the city and are voted on by the entire population. With districts, members live in specific areas and are elected only by the voters in their area. Contact the writer: 951-368-9075 or gwesson@scng.com Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off More from The Pass 2 arrested after woman critically wounded by gunfire 8 questions with comedian Gabriel Iglesias Firefighters confine fire to garage of home in Cabazon (UPDATE) COMMENTS | PRINT | EMAIL |    Join the conversation Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our User Agreement We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Photos Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © 2016 The Press-Enterprise & Digital First Media. All Rights Reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Map

Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search DNAtrix Announces First Patients Treated in Phase 2 Trial with DNX-2401 and KEYTRUDA News provided by DNAtrix Nov 01, 2016, 16:00 ET Share this article HOUSTON, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- DNAtrix, a clinical stage biotechnology company developing virus-driven immunotherapies for cancer, announced that the first patients have been treated in a multicenter Phase 2 trial investigating its oncolytic adenovirus, DNX-2401, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), Merck's anti-PD-1 therapy, in patients with recurrent glioblastoma. The CAPTIVE trial is evaluating the potential effect of DNX-2401 and KEYTRUDA in patients with recurrent glioblastoma, a disease for which there is neither a cure nor adequate treatment. Leading medical centers in the United States and Canada are participating. DNX-2401 is a potent conditionally replicative oncolytic adenovirus that targets and kills cancer cells, while leaving normal cells intact. Multiple clinical studies have shown that DNX-2401 has a favorable safety profile, strong tumor-killing potential and can trigger an antitumor immune response. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 (programmed death receptor-1) and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2.  This activity enhances the T cell response and leads to effective tumor destruction. KEYTRUDA is currently approved in the United States for advanced melanoma, metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and advanced head and neck squamous cell cancer (HNSCC). "Glioblastoma is a difficult disease to treat with conventional therapies," said Frank Tufaro, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of DNAtrix. "Based on remarkable preclinical data, we anticipate that the addition of KEYTRUDA to DNX-2401 therapy will provide even more benefit to patients with recurrent disease." For more information about the CAPTIVE trial, visit the website ClinicalTrials.gov and search for the identifier NCT02798406. About DNX-2401 DNX-2401 is an investigational oncolytic immunotherapy designed to treat cancer, with glioblastoma as the initial indication. Glioblastoma is the most aggressive form of brain cancer, which has a median survival of 15 months following a patient's initial diagnosis. DNX-2401 sets off a chain reaction of tumor cell killing by selectively replicating within glioblastoma cells (but not normal cells), causing tumor destruction and further spread of the oncolytic virus to adjacent tumor cells. This process can also trigger an anti-tumor immune response. DNX-2401 is currently being investigated in several clinical studies and has been well tolerated in all settings. Compelling results from clinical studies in recurrent glioblastoma indicate that DNX-2401 can (1) replicate in human brain tumors for a period of weeks to months, (2) trigger immune cell infiltration into the tumor, (3) cause ongoing tumor destruction and (4) induce durable responses to therapy. In these studies, patient survival has been prolonged, including in those achieving a complete response. About DNAtrix DNAtrix is a privately held, clinical stage, biotechnology company developing virus-driven immunotherapies for cancer. DNAtrix's lead product, DNX-2401, is a conditionally replicative oncolytic virus being studied in clinical trials for recurrent glioblastoma, a brain cancer for which there is neither a cure nor adequate treatment. The company is backed by Morningside Ventures and Mercury Fund, and has been awarded a grant from the Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas (CPRIT). For more information, please visit the company website at www.DNAtrix.com. Contact:                DNAtrix Imran Alibhai, Ph.D. SVP Business Development ialibhai@dnatrix.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dnatrix-announces-first-patients-treated-in-phase-2-trial-with-dnx-2401-and-keytruda-300355304.html SOURCE DNAtrix Related Links http://www.DNAtrix.com Nov 08, 2016, 16:00 ET Preview: DNAtrix Licenses Myxoma Virus for New Immunotherapy Platform Aug 04, 2016, 08:00 ET Preview: DNAtrix Awarded FDA Orphan Products Development Grant for DNX-2401 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 08, 2016, 16:00 ETDNAtrix Licenses Myxoma Virus for New Immunotherapy Platform Aug 04, 2016, 08:00 ETDNAtrix Awarded FDA Orphan Products Development Grant for DNX-2401 Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries You just read: DNAtrix Announces First Patients Treated in Phase 2 Trial with DNX-2401 and KEYTRUDA News provided by DNAtrix Nov 01, 2016, 16:00 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science SHOWBIZ Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Pics Video And More HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO 290 US votes for trump 232 NewsTrump's JourneyHillary Accepts DefeatResult AnalysisWorld ViewHistoryAstroPics News » Health 5.5 million women per year will lose their life to cancer by 2030, says report Last Updated: Wednesday, November 2, 2016 - 00:42 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment (Image for representational purposes only) Follow @ZeeNews Zee Media Bureau Paris: By the year 2030, cancer will claim the lives of 5.5 million women per year, a report has said, a near 60-per cent increase in less than two decades. This is approximately the population of Denmark. Citing growth and ageing of global population as the reason, the report also said that the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review "highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer," she told AFP. Cancer is one of the major causes of deaths around the world and is already killing one in seven women around the world. All four of the deadliest cancers - breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer - are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." It was presented today at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. (With Agency inputs) First Published: Wednesday, November 2, 2016 - 00:42 More from zeenews   India Attack on Hindus: Bangladesh announces bounty for nabbing attackers Foreign media hails PM Modi's bold currency move, compares him with Singapore's Lee Kuan Yew Demonetisation: Hospitals reaching out to patients More from India World EU backs defence plan after Donald Trump win fuelled fears Russia warplane crashes into Mediterranean: Officials Palestinians condemn Israel bill to legalise settler homes More from World Sports Sachin Tendulkar welcomes DRS with open arms, says it's positive step for India WATCH: Virat Kohli drops off lady love Anushka Sharma at Rajkot airport Epic mess-up: Bangladesh newspaper uses Kevin Pietersen​'s photo in Alviro’s match-fixing story More from Sports Entertainment Brad Pitt back in China after 20 years for his movie 'Allied' Anu Malik hails PM Narendra Modi's demonetisation move Alia Bhatt shares her childhood stories with young fans on Children's Day! More from Entertaiment Health Protein drives inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis patients Overweight kids in Delhi-NCR are more prone to diabetes: ASSOCHAM study Keep a check on diabetes to avoid visual impairments More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Demonetisation: Poor people sleeping in ease; corrupt troubled, says PM Modi Zee Media Exclusive: What do people think of PM Modi's demonetisation move? Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money - Part II EXPLAINED: How Rs 2000 note will curb black money - Gujarat CA's open letter to Arvind Kejriwal breaks internet - MUST READ 'Sonam Gupta Bewafa Hai': Who is this girl and why is she trending after demonetisation move Dip your new Rs 2,000 note in water for 30 minutes and see the result - Amazing video Did this Indian businessman just surrender Rs 6,000 crore? DISTURBING VIDEO: Man dies of heart attack while talking to family - Weak-hearted people SHOULDN'T WATCH Related News Cristiano Ronaldo shows solidarity with Portuguese striker Edu Ferreira fighting cancer Val Kilmer makes first public appearance since denying cancer Vitamin D may lower mortality in one-third breast cancer patients Breast cancer: Six lifestyle tips women should follow to reduce their risk! Weight loss can make cancer immunotherapies ineffective TAGS Cancer Women with cancer American Cancer Society Merck World Cancer Congress Sally Cowal Top Videos DNA: Singapore media appreciates PM Modi's demonetisation move Has govt's demonetisation move shut down the vote bank business? Demonetisation: Poor people sleeping in ease; corrupt troubled, says PM Modi PM Modi hits out at black money holders again while addressing rally in Ghazipur contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Red Hot Reviews Movies Glam Talk Bookworm Recipes TV Celebrity Romance Pics Videos And More Exclusive Blogs sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Malayalam Kerala Districts India World Sports Movies Health NRI Photos Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse #BlackMoney News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News EPFO issues guidelines to settle death claims in 7 days Golden Jubilee Celebrations of District Courts, Chandigarh Business Standard Cancer to kill 5.5 mn women a year by 2030: report AFP  |  Paris  November 1, 2016 Last Updated at 20:07 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJ6joo Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Jayaram, Prannoy win at Denmark Open Denmark moves to rein in 'hate preachers' Kashyap loses in qualifiers of Denmark Open Denmark pays for Panama Papers data on own citizens To fight tax dodging, Denmark will buy leaked Panama Papers Cancer will kill 5.5 million women - about the population of Denmark - per year by 2030, a near 60-per cent increase in less than two decades, a report said today. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review "highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer," she told AFP. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report - the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers - breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer - are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." It was presented today at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 per cent of cases and 64 per cent of deaths were in less developed countries. "These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population," said the new report. The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Cancer | Denmark PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online Cancer to kill 5.5 mn women a year by 2030: report Cancer will kill 5.5 million women - about the population of Denmark - per year by 2030, a near 60-per cent increase in less than two decades, a report said today. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review "highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer," she told AFP. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report - the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers - breast, ... Cancer will kill 5.5 million women - about the population of Denmark - per year by 2030, a near 60-per cent increase in less than two decades, a report said today. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review "highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer," she told AFP. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report - the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers - breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer - are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." It was presented today at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 per cent of cases and 64 per cent of deaths were in less developed countries. "These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population," said the new report. The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Cancer to kill 5.5 mn women a year by 2030: report Cancer will kill 5.5 million women - about the population of Denmark - per year by 2030, a near 60-per cent increase in less than two decades, a report said today. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review "highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer," she told AFP. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report - the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers - breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer - are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." It was presented today at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 per cent of cases and 64 per cent of deaths were in less developed countries. "These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population," said the new report. The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Press Esc to close Tuesday 15 November 2016 News updated at 2:54 AM IST Archives Weather Max: 30.9°C Min : 20.2°C In Bengaluru Partially cloudy  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    Brave boy regrets his failure to save one more life      Take urgent steps to introduce Rs 500 notes, CM writes to Centre      Banks mock new note swap limit, say yet to get fiat      Transport utilities accept scrapped notes but small change a big pain      Traders, small eateries hit most by currency scrap      Four suspected Maoists surrender in Chikkamagaluru      Siddaramaiah defends Sait over porngate      Kashmir sees sharp decline in stone-pelting cases      Few thrills in first Test      Demonetisation ended terror-funding, stone-pelting: Parrikar      Sebi ups scrutiny amid Tata-Mistry feud      BTI Payments works overtime to take on demonetisation challenges      India and US launch USD 95 mln clean energy projects      No unanimous support to Mistry from Tata Motors' ind directors      Charges on ATM transactions waived till Dec 30      Indian-origin boy commits suicide after being bullied in UK school      4 lakh trucks stranded on highways post note ban: AIMTC      Smoke in cockpit of Dreamliner B787 plane      US teacher suspended for comparing Trump to Hitler      SC to hear pleas on demonetisation of Rs 1,000 and 500 notes      Stalin raises doubts over statement of Jaya      Pak summons envoy after 7 soldiers killed in firing      Cong, 7 oppn parties meet to formulate joint strategy      China cautiously backs India-Japan nuclear deal      Note ban has led to 'financial chaos', say bank unions      Govt sets up task force to expedite recalibration of ATMs      Bank closure on public holiday escalates 6-day cash crisis      Mamata criticises PM over demonitisation remarks      National Herald stages comeback with digital version      Class XII board exams begin peacefully in Kashmir      No toll charges on National Highways till Nov 18 midnight      7 Pak soldiers killed at LoC; Sharif warns against aggression      Modi, opposition battle it out over demonetisation      Enough cash available, efforts on to augment note supplies: Das     You are here: Home » Lifestyle » Cancer to kill 5.5 mn women a year by 2030: report Cancer to kill 5.5 mn women a year by 2030: report Paris, Nov 1, 2016, AFP Cancer will kill 5.5 million women - about the population of Denmark - per year by 2030, a near 60-per cent increase in less than two decades, a report said today. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review "highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer," she told AFP. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report - the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers - breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer - are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." It was presented today at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 per cent of cases and 64 per cent of deaths were in less developed countries. "These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population," said the new report. The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. Go to Top Tweet Videos Floral tributes paid to Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru... Nation Celebrates Guru Nanak Jayanti 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers People talk: cash rush Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most Popular Stories now Commented Emailed Viewed Rs 1000 and Rs 500 notes will not be legal tender, says PM Will carry on fight against black money: PM Modi Demonetisation a scam, select few informed earlier: Kejriwal Note ban has led to 'financial chaos', say bank unions Demonetisation: PM takes on Opposition, says the poor are with him Modi hits out at Congress on opposition to demonetisation Thousands take to streets across US to protest Trump victory The matchmakers Trump's victory may deter intl students coming to US: Experts Blood test may identify alcohol disorders in foetus: study Aerobic exercise may improve artery health in diabetics More women sexually active even after 70: study Banks closed today; queues get longer at ATMs So subterranean Modi, opposition battle it out over demonetisation Note ban has led to 'financial chaos', say bank unions Melania to be 1st foreign-born US First Lady since 1820s Pak summons envoy after 7 soldiers killed in firing Trump asks people to stop harassment of Muslims, Latinos Bank closure on public holiday escalates 6-day cash crisis PM Modi holds meeting with senior ministers on demonetisation Photo Gallery The 'super moon' rises over Construction building in Bengaluru... Full moon is seen at Cubban Park in Bangalore... The full moon or Supermoon appears red above the sky in Kolkata on Monday evening... The supermoon will be the closest to Earth in Bengaluru on Monday... The 'supermoon', the closest the moon comes to Earth since 1948, rises over La Raza monument... Bollywood actors Anil Kapoor and Mukesh Khanna with Singer Ila Arun at the National Children... Offerings are pictured inside a Gurudwara or a Sikh temple on the occasion of the 547th birth... Foreign tourists take photos of an elephant during an animal fair in Sonepur... A truck rams into the railing of a Gandhi Setu bridge over Ganga river in Patna... Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah paying homage to Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru on his 127th... more About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
null
null
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release OncoSec to Present at Scientific and Investment Conferences and to Host Inaugural Investor and Analyst Day in November By Published: Nov 1, 2016 6:01 a.m. ET Share SAN DIEGO, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- OncoSec Medical Incorporated ("OncoSec") ONCS, +0.64% a company developing DNA-based intratumoral cancer immunotherapies, announced today that members of its leadership team will be making presentations at two high-profile events in November: 31st Annual Meeting & Associated Programs of the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer ("SITC") and the Stifel Nicolaus Weisel Healthcare Conference 2016. 31st Annual Meeting of the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC)Dr. Alain Algazi, Clinical Instructor, Department of Medicine (Hematology/Oncology) at the University of California San Francisco (UCSF), will present an oral poster presentation for Abstract #466 on November 11, 2016 at 12:50 PM (EST) in National Harbor, MD. The title of the poster is "Phase II Study of Intratumoral Plasmid Interleukin 12 (pIL-12) with Electroporation in Combination with Pembrolizumab in Stage III/IV Melanoma Patients with Low Tumor Infiltrating Lymphocytes." The SITC conference brings together leading scientists, academicians, researchers, clinicians, government representatives, and industry leaders from around the world that are dedicated to improving cancer patient outcomes by advancing the science and application of cancer immunotherapy.  For more information, please visit: http://www.sitcancer.org/2016. Dr. Algazi, the Principal Investigator for the Phase II Investigator Sponsored Trial (IST) led by UCSF, will be presenting new clinical data from patients treated with a combination of OncoSec's investigational intratumoral therapy, ImmunoPulse [®]  IL-12, and Merck's KEYTRUDA [®]  (pembrolizumab). Patients who had unresectable metastatic melanoma and were assessed as unlikely to respond to anti-PD1 monotherapy, were selected to participate in the Investigator Sponsored Trial (IST). This oral poster presentation will provide an interim update of 15 treated patients. Further details on this SITC oral poster presentation will be provided in upcoming Company communications. Stifel Nicolaus Weisel Healthcare Conference 2016  OncoSec's CEO, Mr. Punit Dhillon, will present a corporate overview at the Stifel Conference on November 15, 2016, at 11:00 AM EST, in New York City.  This conference provides a forum for institutional investors to connect with senior management and industry experts, and serves as a showcase for dynamic emerging companies in the healthcare industry. For more information, please visit: http://www.stifel.com/institutional/ConferenceAndEvents. To view the live webcast, please use the following link: http://wsw.com/webcast/stifel5/oncs. An archived version of the webcast will be available for 90 days on OncoSec's website: http://www.oncosec.com. OncoSec Investor & Analyst Day In addition, OncoSec recently announced that it will be hosting its inaugural Investor & Analyst Day in San Diego, on November 17, 2016. The event will be webcast live beginning at 8:00 AM PST. The live webcast can be accessed at: http://edge.media-server.com/m/p/i6ug66hu, and will be available for replay on the Company website. This event will provide a forum for the Company to share updates on its clinical development plan for melanoma, advancement of its intratumoral immunotherapy pipeline of DNA-based product candidates, and next generation device development. For more information, please visit: http://ir.oncosec.com/press-releases/detail/1883/oncosec-to-host-investor-analyst-day-on-november-17-2016 About OncoSec Medical IncorporatedOncoSec is a biotechnology company developing DNA-based intratumoral immunotherapies with an investigational technology, ImmunoPulse®, for the treatment of cancer.  ImmunoPulse® is designed to enhance the local delivery and uptake of DNA-based immune-targeting agents, such as IL-12. In Phase I and II clinical trials, ImmunoPulse® IL-12 has demonstrated a favorable safety profile and evidence of anti-tumor activity in the treatment of various solid tumors as well as the potential to initiate a systemic immune response. OncoSec's lead program, ImmunoPulse® IL-12, is currently in clinical development for several indications, including metastatic melanoma, head and neck cancer, and triple-negative breast cancer. The program's current focus is on the significant unmet medical need in patients with melanoma who are refractory or non-responsive to anti-PD-1/PD-L1 therapies. In addition to ImmunoPulse® IL-12, the Company is also identifying and developing new immune-targeting agents for use with the ImmunoPulse® platform. For more information, please visit www.oncosec.com. CONTACT:Sophia Ononye, PhD MPH MBA Associate Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications OncoSec Medical Incorporated 855-662-6732 media@oncosec.com   Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120905/LA68078LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/oncosec-to-present-at-scientific-and-investment-conferences-and-to-host-inaugural-investor-and-analyst-day-in-november-300354589.html SOURCE OncoSec Medical Incorporated Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found OncoSec Medical Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ONCS $1.57 +0.01 (+0.64%) Volume 144.4K Open $1.56 High $1.64 Low $1.53 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 29.9M LatestNews
null
Science BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The idea that 'good' cholesterol helps your heart might be all wrong Damian Garde, STAT Nov. 1, 2016, 3:14 PM 3,228 facebook linkedin twitter email print Shutterstock "Good" cholesterol might be in for a name change. Raising HDL, widely known as good cholesterol, for years has been thought to protect against heart attack and stroke. But a big new study published Monday found little evidence it does. The finding upends the advice doctors have been giving millions of patients — and helps explain why the drug industry has failed time and again, despite billions in investment, to develop a drug that cuts deaths from heart disease by boosting HDL levels. "When you explain [cholesterol levels] to patients, it's very easy to say one number's bad and the other number's good," said Dr. Dennis Ko, a cardiologist at Canada's Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences and lead author of the study. But it turns out that HDL is associated with poor health generally and does not seem to affect cardiovascular risk. In the study, Ko and his colleagues looked at years of data from about 630,000 people in Ontario, sorting their HDL scores from low to high. Those with basement-level HDL were more likely to die of cardiovascular complications, but the risk did not drop steadily as good cholesterol levels rose. Instead, it dipped, then hit a plateau; people with HDL of about 40mg/dL had roughly the same risk as those with about 80 mg/dL. And death risks actually increased for those with extremely high levels of good cholesterol. Further muddying the picture, people in the low-HDL group were also more likely to die of diseases unrelated to the heart. And they had lower incomes, higher body weights, and poorer diets than others in the study, all of which correlate with increased mortality on their own. "Bad" versus "good" cholesterol HDL has been thought to lower cardiovascular risk by cleansing the bloodstream of "bad" cholesterol and scrubbing the inner walls of blood vessels, so your levels of HDL were thought to predict your risk of heart attack or stroke. But this new data suggests HDL may just be a fatty substance along for the ride. wordridden/Flickr "It may be therefore that it's reflecting other health habits that lead to greater risk, rather than actually being a risk factor itself," said Dr. Steven Nissen, a Cleveland Clinic cardiologist not involved in the study. The study, published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology, will sound familiar to the drug industry, which has repeatedly failed to design a pill that might improve patients' lives by increasing HDL. A decade ago, Pfizer spent more than $800 million to get the HDL-boosting medication torcetrapib into late-stage trials, only to find that more patients died on the drug than on placebo. Roche was next to fail when its drug, dalcetrapib, came up short in a 16,000-patient trial in 2012. And last year, Eli Lilly shut down a study testing its evacetrapib on 12,000 patients after discovering that the drug had no effect on heart attack and stroke. Those drugs, called CETP inhibitors, are meant to interrupt the process that turns HDL into LDL cholesterol, its "bad" relative. And, in a sense, they work — Lilly's pill boosted HDL by about 130 percent and slashed LDL by more than one-third. But, time after time, changing that ratio of good to bad cholesterol has failed to improve outcomes for patients. Despite the litany of disappointments, there's one CETP pill still in the ring. Merck is in the final phase of a 30,000-patient study on anacetrapib, the last of the class in late-stage development. Results are expected early next year, but optimism does not abound. "I have very little hope that the ongoing trial is going to work," said Nissen, who chaired Lilly's failed evacetrapib study. "And if you think about it, if that study also fails, what is the likelihood that anybody will do another large, Phase 3 trial? I think the answer is probably pretty low." Still, cardiologists said it may still be useful to keep measuring HDL in blood lipid tests, because it does seem to be correlated with other factors that can affect health, such as diet and exercise habits. Doctors can gather such information with questionnaires, but those are time-consuming and rely on patients accurately recounting their habits. Further questions Shutterstock And HDL may yet redeem itself in the world of drug development. Good cholesterol is complex, with various particle sizes and subspecies floating around in the body. Ko and his colleagues applied a broad brush in their study, looking at HDL as a monolith. It's possible a deeper look at HDL subtypes could reveal a more nuanced relationship with cardiovascular disease, Dr. Stephen Nicholls and Dr. Peter Psaltis wrote in an editorial accompanying the study. And it's possible that drugs to raise HDL may work only in people with certain genetic mutations. Last year, mining the wreckage of Roche's failed dalcetrapib study, researchers at the University of Montreal noted that the drug had a marked effect on a subset of patients with mutations to a gene called ADCY9. DalCor Pharmaceuticals, a UK startup, has raised $150 million in venture capital to see if Roche's drug can have a second life as a targeted therapy. "Our understanding of the HDL story has changed," said Dr. Bassem Masri, a cardiovascular disease expert at Weill Cornell Medicine and NewYork-Presbyterian who helped run a slew of CETP trials. "It's not just [about] increasing HDL; it might be that only a specific population will respond to that increase positively." Elsewhere, scientists are studying novel methods of boosting HDL, whether by stimulating other pathways in the body or injecting patients with synthetic good cholesterol. Considering past failures, it looks like an uphill battle. But anything's possible. "I've been doing medicine long enough that I've learned to say you never say never," Nissen said. Read the original article on STAT. Copyright 2016. Follow STAT on Twitter. More from STAT: Gilead hepatitis C pill was biggest 2015 drug cost for Medicare, Medicaid State Medicaid programs continue to restrict access to hepatitis C drugs Prisons fight opioids with $1,000 injection: Does it work? Trump in 30 seconds: Science and medicine in flux Their brains had the telltale signs of Alzheimer’s. So why did they still have nimble minds? SEE ALSO: Fasting could prevent aging and transform your body, but it goes against everything we think of as healthy NOW WATCH: A mysterious cloud moving 700,000 mph is going to collide with our galaxy — here's what will happen Loading video... More: Stat STAT News Avocados Nutrition Health Heart disease facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The idea that 'good' cholesterol helps your heart might be all wrong The idea that 'good' cholesterol helps your heart might be all wrong "Good" cholesterol might be in for a name... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Science Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Science Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose heart risks The risks do not negate the huge benefits of these relatively new types of drugs, doctors stress. Post to Facebook Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose heart risks The risks do not negate the huge benefits of these relatively new types of drugs, doctors stress.  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2eWcqbs {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose heart risks Marilynn Marchione, Associated Press 7:08 p.m. EDT November 2, 2016 Doctors have found a disturbing downside to some powerful new drugs that harness the immune system to fight cancer: In rare cases, they may cause potentially fatal heart damage, especially when used together. “The problem is, no one has this on their radar,” so patients are not routinely checked for it, said Dr. Javid Moslehi, head of a Vanderbilt University clinic specializing in heart risks from cancer therapies. He led a report Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine describing two patients who died of heart trouble two weeks after receiving their first doses of two Bristol-Myers Squibb drugs, Opdivo and Yervoy, for the deadly skin cancer melanoma. Two similar drugs also are on the market, and the study leaders believe they might pose heart risks, too. “My sense is that this is a class effect, not limited to one drug,” Moslehi said. The risks do not negate the huge benefits of these relatively new types of drugs, doctors stress. Called checkpoint inhibitors, they have transformed treatment of several types of cancer by helping the immune system see and attack tumors. In rare cases, the immune system seems to attack not only the tumor but also the heart and other muscles, causing dangerous inflammation and heart rhythm problems. Patients need to be told of the risks, monitored closely and treated quickly with medicines to quell the immune response if trouble develops. Besides melanoma, the Opdivo-Yervoy combination is used to treat some lung cancers, though at different doses. Other checkpoint inhibitors include Genentech’s Tecentriq, for bladder cancer, and Merck & Co.’s Keytruda, which former President Jimmy Carter received for melanoma that spread to his brain. Many more are in testing. There have been occasional, previous reports of heart troubles with these drugs. After the two recent deaths, doctors asked Bristol-Myers to check patient safety records on Opdivo and Yervoy. As of April, 18 cases of serious heart inflammation were found among 20,594 patients receiving either or both drugs, a rate of 0.09 percent. It was more severe and more common among people on both drugs, affecting 0.27 percent of those patients. Bristol-Myers scientists helped write the journal report, and some other authors consult for the company. Studies have shown that the drug combination gives a stronger anti-cancer effect than either drug alone, but “we’ve known this is a double-edged sword” because of the risk of over-stimulating the immune system, said Dr. Jeffrey Sosman of Northwestern University in Chicago, who treated the two patients who died. “The big question is, is there enough advantage to using the combination, which is much more toxic, than a single drug,” he said. That’s a larger question facing the cancer field, not just with immune therapies. Some of the newer gene-targeting drugs also have produced major side effects when used in combination. Yet many doctors believe that combos may be the best way to get cancer to go into remission and stay there longer, by shutting down multiple pathways the tumor employs at once. 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2eWcqbs
Login Classifieds Menu Contact Us Login Register Customer Service Subscribe Renew Your Subscription Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop Change of Address Delivery Issue Carrier Information Newspapers in Education e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections Marketplace Search Ads Place an Ad Employment Public Notices Real Estate Guide Automotive Garage Sales E-edition Print Ads Public Notices Since 1875 Winner of the 2016 ONPA General Excellence Award Subscribe Menu Staff Directory Advertise With Us Submission Forms Anniversary Births Delivery Issues Engagements Feedback Letter to the Editor Obituary Submit News Weddings Vacation Start & Stop Work at the EO About Us Photos, Videos & Podcasts Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints EO Audio Podcast Submit Photos Videos Login Register Subscribe Delivery Issue Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop News Local News Northwest Nation & World Business Closures Agriculture Submit News & Photos Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Community Community News Calendar Your EO News Eat, Drink & Explore Celebrations In Uniform Student Honors Days Gone By Out of the Vault Book Reviews Contests Sports Local Sports College Sports College Basketball Experience College Football Experience Pro Sports Auto Racing Experience Pro Football Experience Winter Games Experience Scoreboard Outside Rodeo & Round-Up Obituaries Obituaries & Death Notices Submit an Obituary Tips for Writing Obituaries Records Births Public Meetings Public Safety Logs Jail Roster Most Wanted Courts Public Notices Lotteries e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections 1-800-522-0255 Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Home News Nation/World Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose rare heart risks Doctors have found a disturbing downside to some powerful new drugs that harness the immune system to fight cancer: In rare cases, they may cause potentially fatal heart damage, especially when used together Published on November 2, 2016 2:50PM Last changed on November 2, 2016 6:18PM Doctors have found a disturbing downside to some powerful new drugs that harness the immune system to fight cancer: In rare cases, they may cause potentially fatal heart damage, especially when used together. "The problem is, no one has this on their radar," so patients are not routinely checked for it, said Dr. Javid Moslehi, head of a Vanderbilt University clinic specializing in heart risks from cancer therapies. He led a report Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine describing two patients who died of heart trouble two weeks after receiving their first doses of two Bristol-Myers Squibb drugs, Opdivo and Yervoy, for the deadly skin cancer melanoma. Two similar drugs also are on the market, and the study leaders believe they might pose heart risks, too. "My sense is that this is a class effect, not limited to one drug," Moslehi said. The risks do not negate the huge benefits of these relatively new types of drugs, doctors stress. Called checkpoint inhibitors, they have transformed treatment of several types of cancer by helping the immune system see and attack tumors. In rare cases, the immune system seems to attack not only the tumor but also the heart and other muscles, causing dangerous inflammation and heart rhythm problems. Patients need to be told of the risks, monitored closely and treated quickly with medicines to quell the immune response if trouble develops. Besides melanoma, the Opdivo-Yervoy combination is used to treat some lung cancers, though at different doses. Other checkpoint inhibitors include Genentech's Tecentriq, for bladder cancer, and Merck & Co.'s Keytruda, which former President Jimmy Carter received for melanoma that spread to his brain. Many more are in testing. There have been occasional, previous reports of heart troubles with these drugs. After the two recent deaths, doctors asked Bristol-Myers to check patient safety records on Opdivo and Yervoy. As of April, 18 cases of serious heart inflammation were found among 20,594 patients receiving either or both drugs, a rate of 0.09 percent. It was more severe and more common among people on both drugs, affecting 0.27 percent of those patients. Bristol-Myers scientists helped write the journal report, and some other authors consult for the company. Studies have shown that the drug combination gives a stronger anti-cancer effect than either drug alone, but "we've known this is a double-edged sword" because of the risk of over-stimulating the immune system, said Dr. Jeffrey Sosman of Northwestern University in Chicago, who treated the two patients who died. "The big question is, is there enough advantage to using the combination, which is much more toxic, than a single drug," he said. That's a larger question facing the cancer field, not just with immune therapies. Some of the newer gene-targeting drugs also have produced major side effects when used in combination. Yet many doctors believe that combos may be the best way to get cancer to go into remission and stay there longer, by shutting down multiple pathways the tumor employs at once. Dr. Michael Atkins, deputy director of the Georgetown-Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, believes the heart problems with checkpoint inhibitors will turn out to be treatable in most patients. "It just gives us a moment of pause," said Atkins, who led a study that included one of the two patients who died. "This is a rare event ... but it's a particularly serious one." ___ Marilynn Marchione can be followed at http://twitter.com/MMarchioneAP . Share and Discuss Guidelines User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Our Guidelines Stay on topic - This helps keep the thread focused on the discussion at hand. If you would like to discuss another topic, look for a relevant article. Share with Us - We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article, and smart, constructive criticism. Be Civil - It's OK to have a difference in opinion but there's no need to be a jerk. We reserve the right to delete any comments that we feel are spammy, off-topic, or reckless to the community. Be proactive - Use the 'Flag as Inappropriate' link at the upper right corner of each comment to let us know of abusive posts. × Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Most Read Comments Trending Pendleton hunter, outfitter pleads guilty to poaching mule deer ( 35893 ) 18-year-old Irrigon High School student joins city council ( 16299 ) Fingerprints confirm ID of body; sheriff’s office to contact relatives ( 10505 ) 2016 Election Results ( 10363 ) Transient jailed after trying to set fire to gas station ( 10133 ) Young barrel racer heads to Vegas ( 5388 ) AP Top International News at 1:18 p.m. EST ( 27 ) Siemens to buy Oregon-based Mentor Graphics for $4.5 billion ( 25 ) AP Top News at 1:18 p.m. EST ( 24 ) The Latest: EU imposes sanctions on 18 more Syrian officials ( 19 ) Vandals break tusk of Bernini elephant statue in Rome ( 18 ) Skating, espionage a dangerous mix in new locally made film ( 17 ) News Business Local News Nation & World Northwest Submit News & Photos Sports College Sports Local Sports Rodeo & Roundup Photos & Videos Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints Obituaries All Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Letters Submit a Letter Our Media Family Blue Mountain Eagle Cannon Beach Gazette Capital Press Ag Weekly Chinook Observer Coast River Business Journal The Daily Astorian East Oregonian The Hermiston Herald Oregon Coast Today Seaside Signal Wallowa County Chieftain Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Newspapers in Education Vacation Start & Stop Contact Us Staff Directory © 2016 East Oregonian Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search Poultry Pharmaceuticals Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer Nov 02, 2016, 18:18 ET Share this article LONDON, Nov. 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- This report on the poultry pharmaceuticals market studies the current as well as future prospects of the market globally. The stakeholders of this report include companies and intermediaries engaged in the manufacture, commercialization, providing services of poultry pharmaceuticals such as drugs, vaccines, and feed additive medication, as well as new entrants planning to enter this market. This report comprises an elaborate executive summary along with a market snapshot providing overall information of various segments and sub-segments considered in the scope of the study. This section also provides the overall information and data analysis of the global poultry pharmaceuticals market with respect to the leading market segments based on major pharmaceutical products, animal types, and geographies. The poultry pharmaceuticals market has been studied based on major product segments and their regional as well as national markets. Based on product type, the global market has been categorized into three major segments: drugs, vaccines, and feed additive medication. Based on animal type, the global market has been categorized into five major segments: chicken, turkey, duck, goose, and others (emus, etc.). The market for these segments has been extensively analyzed based on their utility, sales, and geographic presence. Market revenue in terms of US$ Mn for the period from 2014 to 2024 along with the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) from 2016 to 2024 are provided for all segments, considering 2015 as the base year. The market overview section of the report explores the market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, and opportunities that currently have a strong impact on the poultry pharmaceuticals market and could influence the market in the near future. Market attractiveness analysis has been provided in the market overview section in order to explain the intensity of competition in the market across different geographies. The competitive scenario among different market players is evaluated through market share analysis in the competitive landscape section of the report. All these factors would help market players to take strategic decisions in order to strengthen their positions and expand their shares in the global market. Geographically, the poultry pharmaceuticals market has been segmented into five regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. Each regional market for poultry pharmaceuticals has been further categorized into major national markets such as the U.S, Canada, Germany, the U.K., India, China, and Brazil. Market revenue in terms of US$ Mn for the period from 2014 to 2024 along with CAGR % from 2016 to 2024 are provided for all the regions and nations considering 2015 as the base year. The report also profiles key players operating in the poultry pharmaceuticals market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, business strategies, product portfolio, and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include Bayer AG, Bimeda, Ceva Sante Animale, Elanco Animal Health (Eli Lilly and Company), Merck Animal Health, Merial Animal Health (Sanofi), Virbac, and Zoetis, Inc. The global poultry pharmaceuticals market has been segmented as given below: Global Poultry Pharmaceuticals Market, by Product Type Drugs VETRIMOXIN Other Drug Products Vaccines INNOVAX NOBILIS Poulvac Other Vaccine Products Feed Additive Medication VIGOSINE Amnovit Other Feed Additive Medication Global Poultry Pharmaceuticals Market, by Animal Type Chicken Turkey Duck Goose Others Global Poultry Pharmaceuticals Market, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Europe U.K. Germany Rest of Europe Asia Pacific China India Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Rest of Latin America Middle East & Africa South Africa Rest of Middle East & Africa Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4268685/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/poultry-pharmaceuticals-market---global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024-300356355.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Nov 02, 2016, 18:21 ET Preview: Video on Demand Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024 Nov 02, 2016, 18:15 ET Preview: Global Market Study on Dust Control: Wet Type Dust Control System to Expand at a High CAGR from 2016 to 2024 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 10, 2016, 21:48 ETModular Data Center Market by Functional Module Solution,... Nov 10, 2016, 21:21 ETPhilippines Dental Care Market Outlook to 2019 - Increasing... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Agriculture Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Poultry Pharmaceuticals Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer Nov 02, 2016, 18:18 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Cover pops off third-rail sparking BART delays Several SF election contests still up in the air Quake severs access to New Zealand town Oakland high school students leave class for anti-Trump protests Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors’ Kerr: No Klay Thompson trade 49ers turn attention to big challenge in Brady, Patriots Warriors overcome sloppy defense in win over Suns 49ers take step forward in last-second loss to Cardinals Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Where finance and technology come together Fake news hurts Google, Facebook; PayPal boycott woes Samsung to buy Harman International in an $8 billion bet on cars PG&E shakes up leadership with new CEO Geisha Williams Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do After years building trust, Sleigh Bells explore new sounds The latest from Dear Abby ‘Loving’ a strong drama about a landmark case Women a focus of 14th SF South Asian Film Festival Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Oakland’s Ozumo to close Nov. 20 The Saratoga opens in the Tenderloin The Mission’s La Victoria plots a bar: Santo Kenzo opens in Napa, with menu that starts at $225 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump 9 of the weirdest classic Thanksgiving recipes The Chronicle has Baby animals are here to soothe your troubled mind Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hillsborough estate sees a $70 million cut from original listing Grand 1928 Tudor with solarium and bridge views asks $14 million Hot Property: Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions There are more rich renters in SF than homeowners Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to Ace a 30-Minute Interview Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/nation/article/Some-immune-boosting-cancer-drugs-may-pose-rare-10517620.php Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose rare heart risks Associated Press Published 3:05 pm, Wednesday, November 2, 2016 Doctors have found a disturbing downside to some powerful new drugs that harness the immune system to fight cancer: In rare cases, they may cause potentially fatal heart damage, especially when used together. “The problem is, no one has this on their radar,” so patients are not routinely checked for it, said Dr. Javid Moslehi, head of a Vanderbilt University clinic specializing in heart risks from cancer therapies. He led a report published Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine describing two patients who died of heart trouble two weeks after receiving their first doses of two Bristol-Myers Squibb drugs, Opdivo and Yervoy, for the deadly skin cancer melanoma. Two similar drugs also are on the market, and the study leaders believe they might pose heart risks, too. “My sense is that this is a class effect, not limited to one drug,” Moslehi said. The risks do not negate the huge benefits of these relatively new types of drugs, doctors stress. Called checkpoint inhibitors, they have transformed treatment of several types of cancer by helping the immune system see and attack tumors. In rare cases, the immune system seems to attack not only the tumor but also the heart and other muscles, causing dangerous inflammation and heart rhythm problems. Patients need to be told of the risks, monitored closely and treated quickly with medicines to quell the immune response if trouble develops. Besides melanoma, the Opdivo-Yervoy combination is used to treat some lung cancers, though at different doses. Other checkpoint inhibitors include Genentech’s Tecentriq, for bladder cancer, and Merck & Co.’s Keytruda, which former President Jimmy Carter received for melanoma that spread to his brain. Many more are in testing. There have been occasional, previous reports of heart troubles with these drugs. After the two recent deaths, doctors asked Bristol-Myers to check patient safety records on Opdivo and Yervoy. As of April, 18 cases of serious heart inflammation were found among 20,594 patients receiving either or both drugs, a rate of 0.09 percent. It was more severe and more common among people on both drugs, affecting 0.27 percent of those patients. Studies have shown that the drug combination gives a stronger anticancer effect than either drug alone. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP TRANSITION Oakland students leave class to march against Trump Ryan now has the muscle to phase out Medicare — within months Megyn Kelly: Trump offered free flights, hotel rooms What the rich are doing to reap Trump's tax bonanza Report: In Obama chat, Trump unfamiliar with president's duties Trump eyes woman, openly gay man for posts Latest News Almost impossible to turn left on Van Ness Ave. now Several SF election contests still up in the air PG&E shakes up leadership with new CEO Geisha Williams ICC prosecutor: US forces may have tortured in Afghanistan Swinger site hacked, 400M user accounts stolen Pelosi, Dems denounce 'white nationalist' in White House Ga. man guilty of murder in hot-car death of son Nude man photobombs Baker Beach pregnancy shoot Nephew in Netflix's 'Making a Murderer' ordered freed Post-it notes placard BART walls to ease election distress '96 murder case dropped after freed man's unusual request Bay Area mom describes Uber customer service nightmare Bay Area woman's Uber driver is AOL's 'You've got mail' guy Uber settles major sexual assault case Study finds Uber, Lyft drivers show bias against blacks, women An Uber driver asked to take woman home takes her to motel NFL memes of the week: Look who got the last laugh! Kaepernick says voting would be hypocritical PBS journalist Gwen Ifill dies of cancer Rock star Leon Russell dead at 74 New CEO after PG&E shakeup Diablo Canyon shutdown ends up costing PG&E customers after all Today's Gate Features Hillsborough mansion's shocking price cut Post-war San Francisco under construction Ranking every Clint Eastwood film from worst to first SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Kiss rolling papers goodbye with this refillable, reusable... This powerful VPN offers online protection for life — and... Most Popular 1 Report: Trump was unfamiliar with the scope of the president's... 2 Ryan now has the muscle to phase out Medicare — within months 3 Bay Area mom describes days-long Uber customer service nightmare 4 Joe Biden memes are giving America a much needed laugh 5 Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts 6 The 6 most surprising things from Donald Trump's '60 Minutes'... 7 Pregnancy photoshoot at Baker Beach crashed by nude sunbather 8 Hillary Clinton's lead in popular vote could grow to more than... 9 Gwen Ifill, ‘PBS NewsHour’ Host, Dies at 61 10 Opponents fight California gun measure, count on Trump Latest News Almost impossible to turn left on Van Ness Ave. now Several SF election contests still up in the air PG&E shakes up leadership with new CEO Geisha Williams ICC prosecutor: US forces may have tortured in Afghanistan Swinger site hacked, 400M user accounts stolen Pelosi, Dems denounce 'white nationalist' in White House Ga. man guilty of murder in hot-car death of son Nude man photobombs Baker Beach pregnancy shoot Nephew in Netflix's 'Making a Murderer' ordered freed Post-it notes placard BART walls to ease election distress '96 murder case dropped after freed man's unusual request View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose rare heart risks - News9.com - Oklahoma City, OK - News, Weather, Video and Sports | Oklahoma Headlines 9 Investigates Special Coverage My 2 Cents Politics Health About Your Retirement Strange News Submit News Tips Email Sign-Up Radars Weather In-Depth Current Temps News 9 Traffic Map Weather 101 Safety Tips Weather Community SKYCAMS Storm Zone News 9 Videos Watch CBS Shows VideoBytes Video Requests The Vault Latest Recipes By Type By Specialty Sign Up For Recipe Emails Main Holiday Helper Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Text & Win Concept Home Food For Kids TV Schedules Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH Print Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose rare heart risks Posted: Wednesday, November 2, 2016 5:09 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, November 2, 2016 5:09 PM EDT NationalMore>> Woman hospitalized after saying large shark bit her off Maui Woman hospitalized after saying large shark bit her off Maui Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:39 PM EST2016-11-14 23:39:15 GMT Hawaii officials say a woman is in the hospital after she was bitten by what she called a large shark off Maui.More >> Hawaii officials say a woman is in the hospital after she was bitten by what she called a large shark off Maui.More >> Jury hears that ex-cop's account contradicted by video Jury hears that ex-cop's account contradicted by video Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:37 PM EST2016-11-14 23:37:38 GMT Prosecution witnesses testifying at the murder trial of a former South Carolina police officer said Monday that his initial account of the shooting differed from what was captured on a cellphone video that was...More >> Jurors in the murder trial of a former South Carolina police officer heard testimony Monday that the white officer's initial account of the shooting of an unarmed black motorist contradicted what a cellphone video of...More >> The Latest: Pro-pipeline industry group blasts delay The Latest: Pro-pipeline industry group blasts delay Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:17 PM EST2016-11-14 23:17:48 GMT The Latest on protests of the Dakota Access pipeline (all times local):More >> The Latest on protests of the Dakota Access pipeline (all times local):More >> Army Corps wants more study on Dakota Access oil pipeline Army Corps wants more study on Dakota Access oil pipeline Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:17 PM EST2016-11-14 23:17:34 GMT The North Dakota Highway Patrol says a large group of Dakota Access protesters has caused the state Capitol in Bismarck to be locked down.More >> The Army Corps of Engineers on Monday said it has finished a review of the disputed Dakota Access pipeline but wants more study and tribal input before deciding whether to allow it to cross under a Missouri River reservoir...More >> Social worker, boss charged in death of Detroit 3-year-old Social worker, boss charged in death of Detroit 3-year-old Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:17 PM EST2016-11-14 23:17:33 GMT Prosecutors have charged a social worker and her boss with manslaughter and child abuse, alleging they neglected to do everything they should have to protect a 3-year-old Detroit boy who died.More >> Prosecutors on Monday took the rare step of charging a social worker and her boss with manslaughter and child abuse, alleging they neglected to do everything required to protect a 3-year-old Detroit boy who died.More >> FBI: Hate crimes against Muslims up by 67 percent in 2015 FBI: Hate crimes against Muslims up by 67 percent in 2015 Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:07 PM EST2016-11-14 23:07:54 GMT The FBI says the number of hate crimes reported to police increased by about 6.7 percent last year, led largely by a 67 percent surge in crimes against Muslims.More >> Reported hate crimes against Muslims rose in 2015 to their highest number since the aftermath of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, according to FBI statistics released Monday.More >> Lawyer: Mental illness has kept man from fighting execution Lawyer: Mental illness has kept man from fighting execution Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:07 PM EST2016-11-14 23:07:48 GMT A lawyer argues that a Georgia man scheduled for execution this week hasn't pursued legal options to fight the punishment because he's mentally ill.More >> A Georgia man scheduled for execution this week hasn't pursued available legal options to fight the punishment because he's mentally ill, and a court should set a hearing to consider problems during his trial and...More >> Nephew in 'Making a Murderer' ordered released Nephew in 'Making a Murderer' ordered released Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:07 PM EST2016-11-14 23:07:46 GMT A man whose homicide conviction was overturned in a case profiled in the Netflix series "Making a Murderer" could be celebrating Thanksgiving at home with his family in Wisconsin after a judge Monday ordered him...More >> A man whose homicide conviction was overturned in a case profiled in the Netflix series "Making a Murderer" could be celebrating Thanksgiving at home with his family in Wisconsin after a judge Monday ordered him released...More >> Woman arrested in New York in death of twin in cliff crash Woman arrested in New York in death of twin in cliff crash Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:57 PM EST2016-11-14 22:57:45 GMT A woman who was accused of killing her twin sister by driving their vehicle off a Hawaii cliff in May was being held in a New York jail Monday after again being charged with murder.More >> A woman accused of killing her twin sister by driving their vehicle off a Hawaii cliff in May was being held Monday in a New York jail after being charged with murder for the second time in the case, authorities said.More >> Denver man freed after 28 years in prison acquitted of rape Denver man freed after 28 years in prison acquitted of rape Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:27 PM EST2016-11-14 22:27:40 GMT A Denver man released from prison last year after spending more than a quarter of a century in prison for a rape he long denied committing was acquitted of the crime on Monday, leaving a courtroom to applause from...More >> A Denver man released from prison last year after spending more than a quarter of a century in prison for a rape he long denied committing was acquitted of the crime on Monday, leaving a courtroom to applause from...More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Toadstool footstools: Are organisms manufacturing's future? Toadstool footstools: Are organisms manufacturing's future? An upstate New York factory is making furniture with fungus, part of a trend toward more sustainable manufacturing More >> An upstate New York factory is making furniture with fungus, part of a trend toward more sustainable manufacturingMore >> Supermoon to light up sky beginning Monday morning Supermoon to light up sky beginning Monday morning The brightest moon in almost 69 years will be lighting up the sky this week More >> The brightest moon in almost 69 years will be lighting up the sky this weekMore >> For many supporters, Trump is a thing called hope For many supporters, Trump is a thing called hope For at least one group -- the blue-collar downtrodden -- Donald Trump's election was a harbinger of hope More >> For at least one group -- the blue-collar downtrodden -- Donald Trump's election was a harbinger of hopeMore >> Big victories for legal pot, but path ahead is uncertain Big victories for legal pot, but path ahead is uncertain The number of Americans living in states with recreational marijuana more than tripled after at least three states voted to fully legalize the drug More >> The number of Americans living in states with recreational marijuana more than tripled after at least three states voted to fully legalize the drugMore >> Trump victory increases uncertainties for global economy Trump victory increases uncertainties for global economy The election of Donald Trump as U.S. president creates new uncertainties for a global economy that's already fragile, say investors and economists More >> The election of Donald Trump as U.S. president creates new uncertainties for a global economy that's already fragile, say investors and economistsMore >> Trump claims astounding victory -- now, the hard part Trump claims astounding victory -- now, the hard part Donald Trump claimed his place Wednesday as America's 45th president, an astonishing victory for the celebrity businessman and political novice who capitalized on voters' economic anxietiesMore >> Donald Trump claimed his place Wednesday as America's 45th president, an astonishing victory for the celebrity businessman and political novice who capitalized on voters' economic anxietiesMore >> Trump claims astounding victory as America's 45th president Trump claims astounding victory as America's 45th president Donald Trump claimed his place Wednesday as America's 45th president, an astonishing victory for the celebrity businessman and political novice who capitalized on voters' economic anxieties on his way to the White House More >> Donald Trump claimed his place Wednesday as America's 45th president, an astonishing victory for the celebrity businessman and political novice who capitalized on voters' economic anxieties on his way to the White HouseMore >> Trump claims astounding victory as America's 45th president Trump claims astounding victory as America's 45th president Donald Trump claimed his place Wednesday as America's 45th president, an astonishing victory for the celebrity businessman and political novice who capitalized on voters' economic anxieties More >> Donald Trump claimed his place Wednesday as America's 45th president, an astonishing victory for the celebrity businessman and political novice who capitalized on voters' economic anxietiesMore >> Trump campaign claims astounding victory Trump campaign claims astounding victory Donald Trump was elected America's 45th president Tuesday, an astonishing victory for a celebrity businessman and political novice who capitalized on voters' economic anxieties on his way to the White House More >> Donald Trump was elected America's 45th president Tuesday, an astonishing victory for a celebrity businessman and political novice who capitalized on voters' economic anxieties on his way to the White HouseMore >> Trump moves within reach of the White House Trump moves within reach of the White House Donald Trump moved within reach of the White House Tuesday night, capturing crucial victories over Hillary Clinton in Florida, Ohio and North Carolina, a remarkable show of strength by the celebrity businessman and political novice More >> Donald Trump moved within reach of the White House Tuesday night, capturing crucial victories over Hillary Clinton in Florida, Ohio and North Carolina, a remarkable show of strength by the celebrity businessman and political noviceMore >>    By MARILYNN MARCHIONE AP Chief Medical Writer Doctors have found a disturbing downside to some powerful new drugs that harness the immune system to fight cancer: In rare cases, they may cause potentially fatal heart damage, especially when used together. "The problem is, no one has this on their radar," so patients are not routinely checked for it, said Dr. Javid Moslehi, head of a Vanderbilt University clinic specializing in heart risks from cancer therapies. He led a report Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine describing two patients who died of heart trouble two weeks after receiving their first doses of two Bristol-Myers Squibb drugs, Opdivo and Yervoy, for the deadly skin cancer melanoma. Two similar drugs also are on the market, and the study leaders believe they might pose heart risks, too. "My sense is that this is a class effect, not limited to one drug," Moslehi said. The risks do not negate the huge benefits of these relatively new types of drugs, doctors stress. Called checkpoint inhibitors, they have transformed treatment of several types of cancer by helping the immune system see and attack tumors. In rare cases, the immune system seems to attack not only the tumor but also the heart and other muscles, causing dangerous inflammation and heart rhythm problems. Patients need to be told of the risks, monitored closely and treated quickly with medicines to quell the immune response if trouble develops. Besides melanoma, the Opdivo-Yervoy combination is used to treat some lung cancers, though at different doses. Other checkpoint inhibitors include Genentech's Tecentriq, for bladder cancer, and Merck & Co.'s Keytruda, which former President Jimmy Carter received for melanoma that spread to his brain. Many more are in testing. There have been occasional, previous reports of heart troubles with these drugs. After the two recent deaths, doctors asked Bristol-Myers to check patient safety records on Opdivo and Yervoy. As of April, 18 cases of serious heart inflammation were found among 20,594 patients receiving either or both drugs, a rate of 0.09 percent. It was more severe and more common among people on both drugs, affecting 0.27 percent of those patients. Bristol-Myers scientists helped write the journal report, and some other authors consult for the company. Studies have shown that the drug combination gives a stronger anti-cancer effect than either drug alone, but "we've known this is a double-edged sword" because of the risk of over-stimulating the immune system, said Dr. Jeffrey Sosman of Northwestern University in Chicago, who treated the two patients who died. "The big question is, is there enough advantage to using the combination, which is much more toxic, than a single drug," he said. That's a larger question facing the cancer field, not just with immune therapies. Some of the newer gene-targeting drugs also have produced major side effects when used in combination. Yet many doctors believe that combos may be the best way to get cancer to go into remission and stay there longer, by shutting down multiple pathways the tumor employs at once. Dr. Michael Atkins, deputy director of the Georgetown-Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, believes the heart problems with checkpoint inhibitors will turn out to be treatable in most patients. "It just gives us a moment of pause," said Atkins, who led a study that included one of the two patients who died. "This is a rare event ... but it's a particularly serious one." ___ Marilynn Marchione can be followed at http://twitter.com/MMarchioneAP . Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News 9 7401 N. Kelley Ave. Oklahoma City, OK 73111 OKLAHOMA CITY'S OWN TM Oklahoma's Own News9.com is proud to provide Oklahomans with timely and relevant news and information, sharing the stories, pictures and loves of Oklahomans across our great state including Oklahoma City's Own. Station Profile & Public Inspection Files NEWS 9 Investigates Crime Education Special Coverage Health Politics Links Consumer Watch My 2 Cents WEATHER Interactive ESP Street Level Radar Current Temps Weather 101 Weather Community Storm Tracker Weather In-Depth FEATURED Video Share Recipes Classifieds Contests Community Contact Us Employment DIGITAL NETWORK NewsOn6.com News9.com TulsaCW.com RadioOklahoma.net OklahomaFarmReport.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015, Frankly Media and KWTV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look at the NYC Skyline From the Empire State Building to 1 WTC Live Look at the Capitol Building in Washington D.C. Live Look: Stargazer Ranch Alpaca Cam 'View Into the Blue' Underwater View From Cooper Island, British Virgin Islands Live Look at the Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video Some Immune-Boosting Cancer Drugs May Pose Rare Heart Risks By marilynn marchione, ap chief medical writer Nov 2, 2016, 5:02 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email Doctors have found a disturbing downside to some powerful new drugs that harness the immune system to fight cancer: In rare cases, they may cause potentially fatal heart damage, especially when used together. "The problem is, no one has this on their radar," so patients are not routinely checked for it, said Dr. Javid Moslehi, head of a Vanderbilt University clinic specializing in heart risks from cancer therapies. He led a report Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine describing two patients who died of heart trouble two weeks after receiving their first doses of two Bristol-Myers Squibb drugs, Opdivo and Yervoy, for the deadly skin cancer melanoma. Two similar drugs also are on the market, and the study leaders believe they might pose heart risks, too. "My sense is that this is a class effect, not limited to one drug," Moslehi said. The risks do not negate the huge benefits of these relatively new types of drugs, doctors stress. Called checkpoint inhibitors, they have transformed treatment of several types of cancer by helping the immune system see and attack tumors. In rare cases, the immune system seems to attack not only the tumor but also the heart and other muscles, causing dangerous inflammation and heart rhythm problems. Patients need to be told of the risks, monitored closely and treated quickly with medicines to quell the immune response if trouble develops. Besides melanoma, the Opdivo-Yervoy combination is used to treat some lung cancers, though at different doses. Other checkpoint inhibitors include Genentech's Tecentriq, for bladder cancer, and Merck & Co.'s Keytruda, which former President Jimmy Carter received for melanoma that spread to his brain. Many more are in testing. There have been occasional, previous reports of heart troubles with these drugs. After the two recent deaths, doctors asked Bristol-Myers to check patient safety records on Opdivo and Yervoy. As of April, 18 cases of serious heart inflammation were found among 20,594 patients receiving either or both drugs, a rate of 0.09 percent. It was more severe and more common among people on both drugs, affecting 0.27 percent of those patients. Bristol-Myers scientists helped write the journal report, and some other authors consult for the company. Studies have shown that the drug combination gives a stronger anti-cancer effect than either drug alone, but "we've known this is a double-edged sword" because of the risk of over-stimulating the immune system, said Dr. Jeffrey Sosman of Northwestern University in Chicago, who treated the two patients who died. "The big question is, is there enough advantage to using the combination, which is much more toxic, than a single drug," he said. That's a larger question facing the cancer field, not just with immune therapies. Some of the newer gene-targeting drugs also have produced major side effects when used in combination. Yet many doctors believe that combos may be the best way to get cancer to go into remission and stay there longer, by shutting down multiple pathways the tumor employs at once. Dr. Michael Atkins, deputy director of the Georgetown-Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, believes the heart problems with checkpoint inhibitors will turn out to be treatable in most patients. "It just gives us a moment of pause," said Atkins, who led a study that included one of the two patients who died. "This is a rare event ... but it's a particularly serious one." ——— Marilynn Marchione can be followed at http://twitter.com/MMarchioneAP . 0 Shares Email Star Comments Some Immune-Boosting Cancer Drugs May Pose Rare Heart Risks Google Also Gets Fooled by Fake Election News HP Enterprise Ordered to Keep Working on Rhode Island System PHOTO GALLERY: Supermoon Puts on a Show Around the World Trump on Twitter: Restrained or an Unvarnished White House? Trump's Post-Election Twitter Activity at a Glance Apple Pay Expands to Charities, Samsung Pay to Offer Rewards Israel to Launch Expedition to Find More Dead Sea Scrolls 2016 Set to Break Heat Record Despite Slowdown in Emissions US Climate Envoy: World Moving Forward With or Without US " Obama: My Hope Is That Trump 'Makes Things Better' " How Trump Changed President Obama's Final Foreign Tour " Georgia Dad Found Guilty in Son's Hot-Car Death " 'Making a Murderer': Judge Orders Brendan Dassey's Release Racist Post About Michelle Obama Causes Backlash " President Obama Remembers Gwen Ifill as 'Extraordinary Journalist' Police: 5 Injured in Shooting at Sweet 16 Party " Trump Chief of Staff Defends Steve Bannon as a 'Very, Very Smart Person' " ANALYSIS: Priebus, Bannon Appointments Point Toward Split Approach to Trump Presidency " Oprah Winfrey Explains Positive Donald Trump, Obama Tweet " Trump Names Reince Priebus as Chief of Staff, Steve Bannon as Senior Adviser " Trump's Views Appeal to Americans Looking for 'Common Sense' " Rep. Keith Ellison to Announce 'Real Soon' if He'll Run for DNC Chair " What a Trump Cabinet Might Look Like " Trump Willing to Keep Parts of Obamacare, Stays Mum on Clinton Prosecution " Hispanic Community in LA Reacts to President-Elect Donald Trump
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Anxiety and fear rampant among undocumented immigrants after Trump's victory Glenn came closer than expected, but enigmatic candidacy hampered U.S. Senate bid Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Paul Klee: Broncos shock Saints on Block in the Bayou Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger InterQuest area on Colorado Springs' north side poised to become development hub Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight New book by Colorado Springs author profiles influential figures in adoption Colorado winter festivals for 2016-2017 season Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Barenaked Ladies announce U.S. tour dates, including Colorado Springs Evolution of Castle Rock native Amy Adams on view in 'Arrival,' 'Nocturnal' Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Chestnut Street Bridge Reopens in Colorado Springs Turkey Lady tries to shoo in frozen birds in Colorado Springs Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News News: Local News Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - 4:34 PM 0 Intelligent Software Solutions Inc., the largest defense contractor based in Colorado Springs, is merging with Maryland-based Proteus Technologies LLC and... Ted Rayburn: Economic uncertainty? Take a breath Colorado Springs road closed to massive sinkhole reopens after 15 months Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - 4:20 PM 0 A northwest Colorado Springs road has reopened, more than a year after it was closed due to a massive sinkhole. The Chestnut Street bridge on the road between... Sports: Broncos Yes, it was all legal what the Denver Broncos did vs. Saints Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - 2:39 PM 0 ENGLEWOOD — Just last month, Joe DeCamillis, the Denver Broncos special teams coach, vehemently defended the NFL rule that allows players to leap over the... Broncos-Chiefs game moved to 'Sunday Night Football' InterQuest area on Colorado Springs' north side poised to become development hub Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - 6:34 AM 0 Move over, Powers Boulevard; hello, InterQuest. For 15 years, a 7-mile stretch of Powers on... New book by Colorado Springs author profiles influential figures in adoption Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - 3:42 PM 0 Paul Batura set out to write a book that would be a gift to his three sons, that celebrated... Latest Local Man on the loose after jumping out window, chase with Colorado Springs police By: Tom Roeder - 3 min ago Denver man who spent 28 years in prison acquitted of rape By: SADIE GURMAN, Associated Press - 37 min ago Gun battle over truck kills pregnant Colorado woman By: The Denver Post - 52 min ago Mugshot Monday: Most wanted in Colorado Springs area By: the gazette email@gazette.com - 1 hr ago Bar set high environmentally for new Pikes Peak Summit House By: Billie Stanton Anleu - 1 hr ago Anti-Trump protests held Sunday in Colorado Springs By: Jessica Leicht, KKTV - 1 hr ago Colorado to test taxing drivers per mile By: The Associated Press - 1 hr ago Top Stories Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts 6 min ago '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty By: The Associated Press - 9 min ago Trump set to roll back Obama policies on energy, environment By: MATTHEW DALY and JULIE PACE, Associated Press - 12 min ago Smoked pot? No college? The police still might hire you By: DAVE COLLINS and LISA MARIE PANE, Associated Press - 27 min ago LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans By: Gazette readers - 30 min ago Rapids goalkeeper Tim Howard to undergo season-ending surgery By: News services - 34 min ago Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts By: STEVE PEOPLES and JULIE PACE, Associated Press - 55 min ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Supermoon 2016 Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer win 4A state title in Volleyball AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College 2016 winter fun guide: Colorado ski areas TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area 15 Veterans Day freebies to snag around Colorado Springs A Look Back Election Day in the U.S. Election Night 2016 Peak Performers 2016-17 Funeral procession for Cimarron Hills firefighter Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders 2016 Diwali Show Rehearsal TCA 2, Denver West 0 Veterans Day Parade in Colorado Springs Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 15 fascinating presidential facts you probably don't know 10 great political films for a stranger-than-fiction race Cubs win the World Series 50th Country Music Awards D'Evelyn 3, Cheyenne Mountain 2 Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 1 min ago Man on the loose after jumping out window, chase with Colorado Springs police 35 min ago Denver man who spent 28 years in prison acquitted of rape 50 min ago Gun battle over truck kills pregnant Colorado woman 1 hr ago Mugshot Monday: Most wanted in Colorado Springs area 1 hr ago Bar set high environmentally for new Pikes Peak Summit House 1 hr ago Anti-Trump protests held Sunday in Colorado Springs 1 hr ago Colorado to test taxing drivers per mile Most Read InterQuest area on Colorado Springs' north side poised to become development hub Trump names top aides, says he’ll move quickly to deport up to 3 million people SNL’s first-post election show had an entirely serious cold open Colorado Springs road closed to massive sinkhole reopens after 15 months Man at large after speeding away from Colorado Springs police, slamming tree Chili’s apologizes after manager takes back free meal on Veterans Day Ex-sheriff Maketa will attempt to have charges against him dropped Monday Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger Paul Klee: Broncos shock Saints on Block in the Bayou EDITORIAL: What Trump's tax cuts may do Sports 32 min ago Rapids goalkeeper Tim Howard to undergo season-ending surgery 7 hr ago Paul Klee: Broncos shock Saints on Block in the Bayou 7 hr ago Rask stops 21 shots, Bruins beat Avalanche 7 hr ago Colorado moves up four spots in Top 25 with Washington State showdown next 9 hr ago The Classical Academy romps to its first boys' soccer state title 18 hr ago Air Force hoops freshmen hope to capitalize on more early opportunities 18 hr ago Subplots we watched in the Air Force football game Business 1 min ago Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway invests in major airlines 23 min ago SEC Chair White leaving at end of Obama administration 31 min ago PetSmart fined for not reporting injury-causing fish bowls 31 min ago HP Enterprise ordered to keep working on Rhode Island system 1 hr ago US stocks finish level as tech losses cancel out bank gains 1 hr ago Dodge truck owners accuse Chrysler of VW-like cheating 1 hr ago Samsung to buy Harman for $8 billion in bold autos gambit Opinion 26 min ago LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans 2 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Millennials and mountains are our future Mon, Nov 14, 2016 LETTERS: Another utility rate increase; politics is the new religion Yesterday EDITORIAL: What Trump's tax cuts may do Sun, Nov 13, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preach Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Commentary: Democrats caught in snares they set for the GOP Fri, Nov 11, 2016 EDITORIAL: Let Colorado Springs take care of clean water Elections 5 hr ago Darryl Glenn came closer than expected, but enigmatic candidacy hampered U.S. Senate bid Yesterday Weighing the potential of a Trump presidency from a military point of view Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Donald Trump on '60 Minutes': Hillary Clinton 'couldn't have been nicer' Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Safety pin campaign signals post-election support for minorities Fri, Nov 11, 2016 Zuckerberg: 'Crazy' to say Facebook influenced election Fri, Nov 11, 2016 Denver students leave class to protest Trump Fri, Nov 11, 2016 Ann Coulter: "Without fat girls, there would be no protests" Around the Web 8 min ago '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty 1 hr ago Critics jab 'safety pin' campaign amid Trump presidency fear 4 hr ago Chili’s apologizes after manager takes back free meal on Veterans Day 9 hr ago Trump names top aides, says he’ll move quickly to deport up to 3 million people Yesterday SNL’s first-post election show had an entirely serious cold open Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Facebook accidentally 'killed' a bunch of people, including Mark Zuckerberg Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Former AFA player Gregg Popovich uncensored: Full transcript of thoughts on Donald Trump Sponsored Content 7 things to do if you're hurt in a game day car accident Latest Videos Chestnut Street Bridge Reopens in Colorado Springs Turkey Lady tries to shoo in frozen birds in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Priebus Tapped as White House Chief of Staff Raw: Anniversary of Attacks Marked Across Paris Air Force defenseman Matt Koch on Saturday's home win over RIT The Classical Academy romps to its first boys' soccer state title Recovery Through Sport in Colorado Springs Saluting our Veterans on Veterans Day Get A Job Monday: Spoiler Dude wants You! Group Embraces Veterans with Handmade Tribute Raw: Second Night of NYC Anti-Trump Protests Sports Latest Sports Rapids goalkeeper Tim Howard to undergo season-ending surgery33 min ago Rask stops 21 shots, Bruins beat Avalanche7 hr ago Colorado moves up four spots in Top 25 with Washington State showdown next7 hr ago The Classical Academy romps to its first boys' soccer state title9 hr ago Broncos Paul Klee: Broncos shock Saints on Block in the Bayou7 hr ago Woody Paige: Denver Broncos' victory akin to Mississippi River flowing north22 hr ago Woody Paige: Broncos should have lured Drew Brees to DenverYesterday Paul Klee: Von Miller: Broncos in 'tough patch' at New OrleansSat, Nov 12, 2016 Photo Galleries Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer win 4A state title in Volleyball AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area Peak Performers 2016-17 Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders TCA 2, Denver West 0 Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 Cubs win the World Series Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: What Trump's tax cuts may doYesterday Commentary: Democrats caught in snares they set for the GOPSat, Nov 12, 2016 EDITORIAL: Let Colorado Springs take care of clean waterFri, Nov 11, 2016 EDITORIAL: With variety of choices, voters opt to have balance in ColoradoThu, Nov 10, 2016 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans29 min ago LETTERS: Another utility rate increase; politics is the new religionMon, Nov 14, 2016 LETTERS: The people have spoken; 2016 has been an amazing yearFri, Nov 11, 2016 LETTERS: Background on "A Look Back" photo; we will move onThu, Nov 10, 2016 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Millennials and mountains are our future2 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preachSun, Nov 13, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Old soldiers continue to fight their wars and rememberFri, Nov 11, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Pioneering spirit fueled Air Guard 'firsts' and path to F-35Fri, Nov 11, 2016 Local News Local News Denver man who spent 28 years in prison acquitted of rape33 min ago Bar set high environmentally for new Pikes Peak Summit House1 hr ago Anti-Trump protests held Sunday in Colorado Springs1 hr ago Colorado to test taxing drivers per mile1 hr ago Local and State Politics Colorado to test taxing drivers per mile1 hr ago Turnover among El Paso County commissioners could end long-standing division8 hr ago This Week: Meetings and events around Colorado Springs9 hr ago Biggest election night winners and losers in Colorado: Business, unions and the Catholic ChurchFri, Nov 11, 2016 Local Business Colorado Springs' Norris-Penrose aims for year-round exhibitions with renovation of indoor arenaSat, Nov 12, 2016 Colorado Springs business a finalist in video contestFri, Nov 11, 2016 Economist: Cybersecurity industry trying to fill 450 jobs in Colorado SpringsFri, Nov 11, 2016 Beefed-up equipment has Colorado Springs Airport ready for winter weatherFri, Nov 11, 2016 More Top Reads Nation and World Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts2 min ago Police: Missouri father shoved fingers down infant's throat2 min ago 2 sentenced to prison for disrupting Southwest flight11 min ago The Latest: Enhanced video shown in man's shooting death12 min ago Military Bergdahl: Firefight recalled in search for missing soldier1 hr ago The Latest: Missing diver's body found near Manhattan Beach1 hr ago The Latest: Trump, Putin talk about better relations1 hr ago The Latest: Soldiers recall firefight in search for Bergdahl1 hr ago Blogs Another Arizona State hockey arena deal brewing4 hr ago Ramsey Rapid Reaction: 3 reasons why Broncos survived SaintsYesterday Air Force notebook: Falcons praise Colorado State receiverYesterday Pregame: Two AFA, RIT players suspended for Saturday's gameSat, Nov 12, 2016 Crime and Justice Local Crime Man on the loose after jumping out window, chase with Colorado Springs police0 min ago Gun battle over truck kills pregnant Colorado woman48 min ago Mugshot Monday: Most wanted in Colorado Springs area1 hr ago Colorado Springs police find shooting victim but no crime scene8 hr ago National Crime California deputy shot twice in the head, suspect arrested2 hr ago Alaska officer 'ambushed' and shot multiple times, police saySat, Nov 12, 2016 Successful real-estate firm built during hidden crime spreeSat, Nov 12, 2016 Principal of Denver metro high school arrested, suspendedFri, Nov 11, 2016 Life Life 125 Colorado Springs-area holiday events3 hr ago New luxury hotels coming to Vail, Telluride and Taos7 hr ago Colorado Springs area literary events starting Nov. 14, 2016Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Ceramic artists ride design's trend toward the handcraftedMon, Nov 14, 2016 Arts and Entertainment '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty5 min ago Barenaked Ladies announce U.S. tour dates, including Colorado Springs2 hr ago Evolution of Castle Rock native Amy Adams on view in 'Arrival,' 'Nocturnal'2 hr ago Rocker Leon Russell dies in Nashville20 hr ago Religion Parallel lives? Trump and BerlusconiSat, Nov 12, 2016 Muslim Americans reassure their children and prepare for a new dayFri, Nov 11, 2016 Pope Francis meets ex-priests in gesture of mercyFri, Nov 11, 2016 On Veterans Day, a chaplain’s saluteFri, Nov 11, 2016 National National Politics Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts1 min ago Civil rights group wary of incoming Trump administration3 min ago Trump set to roll back Obama policies on energy, environment7 min ago SD-YouthMinimumWage-All,10016 min ago National Business Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway invests in major airlines0 min ago SEC Chair White leaving at end of Obama administration22 min ago PetSmart fined for not reporting injury-causing fish bowls30 min ago HP Enterprise ordered to keep working on Rhode Island system30 min ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2016 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose rare heart risks - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY News Tips Election 2016 - Georgia Campaign 2016 Web Links Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Traffic Gas prices across metro Atlanta WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings CBS46 Chevy Weather Lab Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia Salvation Army Angel Tree CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Missing Pets Atlanta Falcons Best Football Fan - #CBS46BFF Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose rare heart risks Posted: Wednesday, November 2, 2016 5:09 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, November 2, 2016 5:09 PM EDT NationalMore>> Woman hospitalized after saying large shark bit her off Maui Woman hospitalized after saying large shark bit her off Maui Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:39 PM EST2016-11-14 23:39:15 GMT Hawaii officials say a woman is in the hospital after she was bitten by what she called a large shark off Maui.More > Hawaii officials say a woman is in the hospital after she was bitten by what she called a large shark off Maui.More > Jury hears that ex-cop's account contradicted by video Jury hears that ex-cop's account contradicted by video Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:37 PM EST2016-11-14 23:37:38 GMT Prosecution witnesses testifying at the murder trial of a former South Carolina police officer said Monday that his initial account of the shooting differed from what was captured on a cellphone video that was...More > Jurors in the murder trial of a former South Carolina police officer heard testimony Monday that the white officer's initial account of the shooting of an unarmed black motorist contradicted what a cellphone video of...More > The Latest: Pro-pipeline industry group blasts delay The Latest: Pro-pipeline industry group blasts delay Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:17 PM EST2016-11-14 23:17:48 GMT The Latest on protests of the Dakota Access pipeline (all times local):More > The Latest on protests of the Dakota Access pipeline (all times local):More > Army Corps wants more study on Dakota Access oil pipeline Army Corps wants more study on Dakota Access oil pipeline Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:17 PM EST2016-11-14 23:17:34 GMT The North Dakota Highway Patrol says a large group of Dakota Access protesters has caused the state Capitol in Bismarck to be locked down.More > The Army Corps of Engineers on Monday said it has finished a review of the disputed Dakota Access pipeline but wants more study and tribal input before deciding whether to allow it to cross under a Missouri River reservoir...More > Social worker, boss charged in death of Detroit 3-year-old Social worker, boss charged in death of Detroit 3-year-old Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:17 PM EST2016-11-14 23:17:33 GMT Prosecutors have charged a social worker and her boss with manslaughter and child abuse, alleging they neglected to do everything they should have to protect a 3-year-old Detroit boy who died.More > Prosecutors on Monday took the rare step of charging a social worker and her boss with manslaughter and child abuse, alleging they neglected to do everything required to protect a 3-year-old Detroit boy who died.More > FBI: Hate crimes against Muslims up by 67 percent in 2015 FBI: Hate crimes against Muslims up by 67 percent in 2015 Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:07 PM EST2016-11-14 23:07:54 GMT The FBI says the number of hate crimes reported to police increased by about 6.7 percent last year, led largely by a 67 percent surge in crimes against Muslims.More > Reported hate crimes against Muslims rose in 2015 to their highest number since the aftermath of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, according to FBI statistics released Monday.More > Lawyer: Mental illness has kept man from fighting execution Lawyer: Mental illness has kept man from fighting execution Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:07 PM EST2016-11-14 23:07:48 GMT A lawyer argues that a Georgia man scheduled for execution this week hasn't pursued legal options to fight the punishment because he's mentally ill.More > A Georgia man scheduled for execution this week hasn't pursued available legal options to fight the punishment because he's mentally ill, and a court should set a hearing to consider problems during his trial and...More > Nephew in 'Making a Murderer' ordered released Nephew in 'Making a Murderer' ordered released Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:07 PM EST2016-11-14 23:07:46 GMT A man whose homicide conviction was overturned in a case profiled in the Netflix series "Making a Murderer" could be celebrating Thanksgiving at home with his family in Wisconsin after a judge Monday ordered him...More > A man whose homicide conviction was overturned in a case profiled in the Netflix series "Making a Murderer" could be celebrating Thanksgiving at home with his family in Wisconsin after a judge Monday ordered him released...More > Woman arrested in New York in death of twin in cliff crash Woman arrested in New York in death of twin in cliff crash Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:57 PM EST2016-11-14 22:57:45 GMT A woman who was accused of killing her twin sister by driving their vehicle off a Hawaii cliff in May was being held in a New York jail Monday after again being charged with murder.More > A woman accused of killing her twin sister by driving their vehicle off a Hawaii cliff in May was being held Monday in a New York jail after being charged with murder for the second time in the case, authorities said.More > Denver man freed after 28 years in prison acquitted of rape Denver man freed after 28 years in prison acquitted of rape Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:27 PM EST2016-11-14 22:27:40 GMT A Denver man released from prison last year after spending more than a quarter of a century in prison for a rape he long denied committing was acquitted of the crime on Monday, leaving a courtroom to applause from...More > A Denver man released from prison last year after spending more than a quarter of a century in prison for a rape he long denied committing was acquitted of the crime on Monday, leaving a courtroom to applause from...More >    By MARILYNN MARCHIONE AP Chief Medical Writer Doctors have found a disturbing downside to some powerful new drugs that harness the immune system to fight cancer: In rare cases, they may cause potentially fatal heart damage, especially when used together. "The problem is, no one has this on their radar," so patients are not routinely checked for it, said Dr. Javid Moslehi, head of a Vanderbilt University clinic specializing in heart risks from cancer therapies. He led a report Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine describing two patients who died of heart trouble two weeks after receiving their first doses of two Bristol-Myers Squibb drugs, Opdivo and Yervoy, for the deadly skin cancer melanoma. Two similar drugs also are on the market, and the study leaders believe they might pose heart risks, too. "My sense is that this is a class effect, not limited to one drug," Moslehi said. The risks do not negate the huge benefits of these relatively new types of drugs, doctors stress. Called checkpoint inhibitors, they have transformed treatment of several types of cancer by helping the immune system see and attack tumors. In rare cases, the immune system seems to attack not only the tumor but also the heart and other muscles, causing dangerous inflammation and heart rhythm problems. Patients need to be told of the risks, monitored closely and treated quickly with medicines to quell the immune response if trouble develops. Besides melanoma, the Opdivo-Yervoy combination is used to treat some lung cancers, though at different doses. Other checkpoint inhibitors include Genentech's Tecentriq, for bladder cancer, and Merck & Co.'s Keytruda, which former President Jimmy Carter received for melanoma that spread to his brain. Many more are in testing. There have been occasional, previous reports of heart troubles with these drugs. After the two recent deaths, doctors asked Bristol-Myers to check patient safety records on Opdivo and Yervoy. As of April, 18 cases of serious heart inflammation were found among 20,594 patients receiving either or both drugs, a rate of 0.09 percent. It was more severe and more common among people on both drugs, affecting 0.27 percent of those patients. Bristol-Myers scientists helped write the journal report, and some other authors consult for the company. Studies have shown that the drug combination gives a stronger anti-cancer effect than either drug alone, but "we've known this is a double-edged sword" because of the risk of over-stimulating the immune system, said Dr. Jeffrey Sosman of Northwestern University in Chicago, who treated the two patients who died. "The big question is, is there enough advantage to using the combination, which is much more toxic, than a single drug," he said. That's a larger question facing the cancer field, not just with immune therapies. Some of the newer gene-targeting drugs also have produced major side effects when used in combination. Yet many doctors believe that combos may be the best way to get cancer to go into remission and stay there longer, by shutting down multiple pathways the tumor employs at once. Dr. Michael Atkins, deputy director of the Georgetown-Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, believes the heart problems with checkpoint inhibitors will turn out to be treatable in most patients. "It just gives us a moment of pause," said Atkins, who led a study that included one of the two patients who died. "This is a rare event ... but it's a particularly serious one." ___ Marilynn Marchione can be followed at http://twitter.com/MMarchioneAP . Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2016 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Xencor Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results By Published: Nov 2, 2016 4:01 p.m. ET Share MONROVIA, Calif., Nov. 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Xencor, Inc. XNCR, +13.17% a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, asthma and allergic diseases and cancer, today reported financial results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016 and provided a review of pipeline and corporate highlights. "During the third quarter, we initiated clinical trials across our internal pipeline of XmAb programs, including Phase 1 studies of subcutaneously administered XmAb®5871 and XmAb®7195, and a first-in-human Phase 1 study of our lead immuno-oncology bispecific antibody candidate, XmAb®14045," said Bassil Dahiyat, Ph.D., president and chief executive officer of Xencor. "With these milestones complete and a strong cash position, we expect to report data from multiple clinical trials in the year ahead, while also initiating studies of additional bispecific oncology candidates and continuing to explore the breadth of our Fc engineering technology." Pipeline Highlights: XmAb5871: XmAb5871 is a first-in-class monoclonal antibody that targets CD19 with its variable domain and that uses Xencor's XmAb immune inhibitor Fc domain to target FcRIIb, a receptor that inhibits B-cell function. In March 2016, Xencor initiated Phase 2 clinical studies of XmAb5871 for the treatment of IgG4-Related Disease (IgG4-RD) and systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), and in July 2016, Xencor initiated a Phase 1 trial of subcutaneously administered XmAb5871. Preliminary data from IgG4-RD Phase 2 trial to be presented at the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) 2016 Annual Meeting on November 13, 2016 in Washington, DC; additional data expected in 2017 Initial data from subcutaneous administration trial expected in 2017 Initial data from SLE Phase 2 trial expected in 2018 XmAb7195: XmAb7195 is a first-in-class monoclonal antibody that targets IgE with its variable domain and uses Xencor's XmAb Immune Inhibitor Fc domain to target FcRIIb, resulting in three distinct mechanisms of action for reducing IgE levels. In September 2016, Xencor initiated a Phase 1b multi-dose trial of subcutaneously administered XmAb7195 for the treatment of allergic disease. Initial data from subcutaneous administration Phase 1b trial expected in 1H17 Bispecific Oncology Pipeline: Xencor's initial bispecific antibody programs are tumor-targeted antibodies that contain both a tumor antigen binding domain and a cytotoxic T-cell binding domain. These bispecific antibodies activate T cells for highly potent and targeted killing of malignant cells. Their XmAb Fc domains confer long circulating half-lives, stability and ease of manufacture. In September 2016, Xencor initiated a Phase 1 trial of XmAb14045 in acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and other CD123-expressing hematologic malignancies. Initial data from XmAb14045 Phase 1 trial expected in 2017 Initiation of Phase 1 trial for XmAb®13676 in B-cell malignancies expected in 1Q17; initial data expected in 2018 Investigational New Drug (IND) application filing for XmAb®18087 in neuroendocrine tumors expected in 2017 IND application filing for XmAb®20717, a PD-1 x CTLA-4 dual checkpoint inhibitor, in multiple oncology indications expected in 2018 Partnered XmAb Programs: Nine pharmaceutical companies and the National Institutes of Health (NIH) are advancing novel drug candidates either discovered at Xencor or that rely on Xencor's proprietary XmAb® technology. Seven such programs are currently undergoing clinical testing.  In September, MorphoSys announced that it began dosing in the safety evaluation portion of a Phase 2/3 combination trial of XmAb®5574/MOR208 with bendamustine in patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (B-MIND trial). Following the Phase 2 safety evaluation, the study is expected to transition into a pivotal Phase 3 part in 2017.  Third Quarter Ended September 30, 2016 Financial Results Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $301.9 million as of September 30, 2016, compared to $193.3 million on December 31, 2015. The increase reflects the $150 million upfront payment received from Novartis in July 2016, net of spending for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Revenues for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016 were $7.8 million compared to $3.5 million for the same period of 2015. Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $81.1 million, compared to $6.0 million for the same period in 2015. Revenues in the three and nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 were earned primarily from the Company's Novartis and Amgen collaborations, compared to revenues for the same period in 2015, which were earned primarily from the Company's Novo Nordisk, Alexion and CSL collaborations. Research and development expenditures for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016 were $14.1 million, compared to $10.6 million for the same period in 2015. Total research and development expenses for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 were $38.5 million, compared to $23.3 million for the same period in 2015. The increased spending on research and development for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily due to additional spending on Xencor's XmAb5871 clinical programs and bispecific technologies, including its initial bispecific oncology clinical candidates, XmAb14045 and XmAb13676. General and administrative expenses in the third quarter ended September 30, 2016 were $3.0 million compared to $3.2 million for the same period in 2015. Total general and administrative expenses for the first nine months of 2016 were $10.0 million, compared to $8.5 million in the first nine months of 2015. Decreased spending on the general and administration areas for the three months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015 is due to lower stock-based compensation charges in the quarter, while the increased spending for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015 reflects additional legal and accounting fees for compliance related activities and additional stock-based compensation charges. Non-cash, share-based compensation expense for the first nine months of 2016 was $5.9 million compared to $3.4 million for the first nine months of 2015. Net loss for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016 was $8.1 million, or $(0.20) on a fully diluted per share basis, compared to a net loss of $10.0 million, or $(0.25) on a fully diluted per share basis, for the same period in 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net income was $32.7 million or $0.78 on a fully diluted per share basis, compared to net loss of $25.3 million, or $(0.66) on a fully diluted per share basis, for the same period in 2015. The lower loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 over the loss reported for the same period in 2015 is primarily due to revenue earned from the Company's Amgen collaboration, while the income earned for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015 is primarily due to revenue earned from the Company's Novartis collaboration. The total shares outstanding was 41,138,851 as of September 30, 2016, compared to 40,477,003 shares outstanding as of September 30, 2015. Financial Guidance Based on current operating plans, Xencor expects to have cash to fund research and development programs and operations beyond the end of 2019. Conference Call and Webcast Xencor will host a conference call today at 4:30 p.m. ET (1:30 p.m. PT) to discuss these third quarter 2016 financial results and provide a corporate update. The live call may be accessed by dialing (877) 359-9508 for domestic callers or (224) 357-2393 for international callers, and referencing conference ID number: 95419669. A live webcast of the conference call will be available online from the investor relations section of the company website at www.xencor.com. The webcast will be archived on the company website for 30 days.   About Xencor, Inc. Xencor is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, asthma and allergic diseases and cancer. Currently, 10 candidates engineered with Xencor's XmAb® technology are in clinical development internally and with partners. Xencor's internal programs include: XmAb5871 in Phase 2 development for the treatment of IgG4-Related Disease, and also for the treatment of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus; XmAb7195 in Phase 1 development for the treatment of asthma and allergic diseases; XmAb14045 in Phase 1 development for acute myeloid leukemia; and XmAb13676 for B-cell malignancies and XmAb18087 for the treatment of neuroendocrine tumors, both in pre-clinical development. Xencor's XmAb antibody engineering technology enables small changes to the structure of monoclonal antibodies resulting in new mechanisms of therapeutic action.  Xencor partners include Novartis, Amgen, MorphoSys, Merck, CSL/Janssen, Alexion, Novo Nordisk and Boehringer Ingelheim. For more information, please visit www.xencor.com. Forward Looking Statements: Statements contained in this press release regarding matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including the quotation from Xencor's CEO and any expectations relating to its business, research and development programs, including ongoing clinical trials, including XmAb5871 and XmAb7195, and the XmAb bispecific antibody technology, including XmAb14045, XmAb13676, XmAb18087 and XmAb20717, partnering efforts or its capital requirements. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements and the timing of events to be materially different from those implied by such statements, and therefore these statements should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results. Such risks include, without limitation, the risks associated with the process of discovering, developing, manufacturing and commercializing drugs that are safe and effective for use as human therapeutics and other risks described in Xencor's public securities filings. All forward-looking statements are based on Xencor's current information and belief as well as assumptions made by Xencor. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements and Xencor disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.   Xencor, Inc. Condensed Balance Sheets (in thousands) September 30, December 31, 2016 2015 (Unaudited) Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $14,787 $12,590 Short-term marketable securities 89,518 83,840 Accounts receivable 3,089 44 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 3,448 1,201 Total current assets 110,842 97,675 Property and equipment, net 3,050 2,310 Long-term marketable securities 197,570 96,891 Intangible assets, net 10,565 9,971 Other assets 103 63 Total assets $322,130 $206,910 Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $13,992 $10,142 Current portion of deferred revenue 96,274 33,287 Income taxes 400 — Total current liabilities 110,666 43,429 Deferred rent, less current portion 431 507 Deferred revenue, less current portion 8,613 542 Total liabilities 119,710 44,478 Stockholders' equity 202,420 162,432 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $322,130 $206,910 The 2015 balance sheet was derived from the 2015 annual financial statements included in the form 10-K that was filed on March 8, 2016.   Xencor, Inc. Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (in thousands, except share and per share data) Three months ended September30, Nine months ended September30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Revenues $7,821 $3,503 $81,080 $6,008 Operating expenses: Research and development 14,069 10,582 38,512 23,263 General and administrative 3,007 3,233 10,000 8,521 Total operating expenses 17,076 13,815 48,512 31,784 Income (loss) from operations (9,255) (10,312) 32,568 (25,776) Other income, net 580 275 1,272 427 Income (loss) before income tax (8,675) (10,037) 33,840 (25,349) Provision (benefit) for income tax (598) — 1,150 — Net income (loss) (8,077) (10,037) 32,690 (25,349) Other comprehensive income (loss) Net unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities (466) 84 266 (6) Comprehensive income (loss) $(8,543) $(9,953) $32,956 $(25,355) Basic net income (loss) per common share $(0.20) $(0.25) $0.80 $(0.66) Diluted net income (loss) per common share $(0.20) $(0.25) $0.78 $(0.66) Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 41,033,973 40,473,520 40,814,587 38,514,179 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 41,033,973 40,473,520 41,861,361 38,514,179     To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/xencor-reports-third-quarter-2016-financial-results-300355962.html SOURCE Xencor, Inc. Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Xencor Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: XNCR $25.70 +2.99 (+13.17%) Volume 770.1K Open $23.11 High $25.70 Low $23.07 P/E Ratio 26.77 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 934.3M LatestNews

Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Top Biotech Stocks to Buy in November Looking for a biotech stock to buy this month? Our healthcare contributors believe that these three companies are compelling investments. Brian Feroldi (TMFTypeoh) Nov 2, 2016 at 3:42PM Image source: Getty Images. Like Rodney Dangerfield, the biotech sector isn't getting a lot of respect these days. The iShares Nasdaq Biotech ETF (NASDAQ:IBB), a popular exchange-traded fund that owns a wide range of biotech stocks, is down 24% year to date, which badly trails the S&P 500's slightly positive return. This downturn suggests that it is a great time to go bargain-hunting in the sector, so we asked a team of Motley Fool healthcare contributors to each highlight a biotech stock that they believe is a great buy right now. Read on to see why they choose Biogen (NASDAQ:BIIB), Xencor (NASDAQ:XNCR), and bluebird bio (NASDAQ:BLUE). This large-cap biotech has two speculative catalysts that could drive shares higher soon George Budwell: Buying biotech stocks with the explicit goal of turning a quick profit on a catalyst-driven event can be a good way to lose a lot of money fast. Biotech catalysts, after all, frequently don't play out in investors' favor. The large-cap biotech Biogen, though, is somewhat unique in this regard because its two speculative catalysts essentially have little to no downside for the company. Biogen's first possible catalyst is a buyout offer. Although the company has repeatedly been the target of buyout rumors in the past, the forthcoming retirement of long-standing CEO George Scangos  -- combined with big pharma's seemingly insatiable appetite for mergers and acquisitions of late -- may finally pave the way for a deal. If so, a buyout could come before year's end, presumably around the time Scangos is expected to formally step down. The next possible catalyst is the upcoming top-line data readout for Eli Lilly's (NYSE:LLY) Alzheimer's disease drug candidate solanezumab. According to Lilly's third-quarter results, the data-collection phase of solanezumab's late-stage trial for patients with mild Alzheimer's disease has officially wrapped up, setting the stage for pivotal data release by December at the latest. Solanezumab works in a similar manner to Biogen's rival drug candidate aducanumab, so a success for Lilly would do wonders to validate this as-yet-unproven drug class. Why do these catalysts come with little to no risk? The big-picture issue is that Biogen is a solid, revenue-generating biotech with modest near-term growth prospects, a fairly clean balance sheet, and a rather pedestrian valuation within its peer group. In short, the market doesn't appear to be counting on either of these catalysts to maintain the biotech's valuation at current levels. So, in the worst-case scenario -- that is, if neither of these catalysts comes to fruition -- investors would end up owning a piece of a top biotech company that sports a growing footprint in the high-value multiple sclerosis drug market, along with some intriguing clinical-stage assets.  Big pharma is betting big on this company's platform Brian Feroldi: My risk-averse investing style keeps me far away from most clinical-stage biotech stocks, but I must admit that I find Xencor's story to be quite compelling.  What sets Xencor apart from other biotech stocks is its XmAb antibody engineering platform. This technology allows the company to create finely tuned antibody drug candidates that promise better potency and stability than currently available drugs. That's an attractive combination.  While I'm generally wary of clinical-stage biotechs that promise "game-changing" technology, what impresses me about Xencor is that it has already convinced some of the largest healthcare companies in the world to sign on as partners. Novartis recently signed a deal with Xencor that netted it $150 million up front and billions in potential milestone payments. Other collaboration partners include Johnson & Johnson, Merck, Amgen, Novo Nordisk, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, and more.  Image source: Getty Images. That's an impressive list of partners, and by 2018 Xencor believes that it will have 13 company-owned or partnered antibodies in the clinic. That gives investors multiple shots on goal, so this isn't just a one-drug story.  Before you get too excited, you should know that Xencor's most advanced product candidate is still just in phase 2. That means that the risks are still substantial and that it will be years before any products could hit the market. Still, I think that Xencor's broad pipeline and high-quality list of partners give it a leg up over most other clinical-stage biotechs. If you have a high tolerance for risk and are looking for a company that offers lots of long-term upside, then I think this stock could be worth nibbling on today. Like a phoenix from the ASHes? Cory Renauer: Late last year, clinical-stage biotech bluebird bio's stock took a beating after the company presented less-than-perfect results from its lead program, LentiGlobin for treatment of beta thalassemia, which is a form of inherited anemia, presented at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) meeting last December. People with the condition require frequent blood transfusions, and ahead of the meeting it seemed as if a single treatment with LentiGlobin would totally end this necessity. Unfortunately, it was reported at ASH that a few patients with the most severe form of beta thalassemia still required transfusions. Since then, bluebird bio has tweaked its process in a manner that should increase the amount of functional hemoglobin produced by LentiGlobin treatment. It has also started a late-stage study designed to support an application for treatment of less severe beta thalassemia patients with the new-and-improved version. This year at ASH it will present more data from patients treated with the old LentiGlobin process. Last year seven of seven patients with less severe beta thalassemia had remained transfusion-free for over seven months. If these same patients remained transfusion-free for another year, it would bolster confidence for the ongoing late-stage trial with the improved version of LentiGlobin in this population.  Beta-thalassemia results aren't the only numbers investors will be looking out for in the weeks ahead. LentiGlobin has also shown potential in sickle-cell anemia, a disease that represents a tremendous burden on healthcare systems around the globe. In the U.S. alone, the genetic disorder shortens the lives of roughly 100,000 people, and annual spending on transfusions and other treatments can top $200,000 per patient. At ASH last year, bluebird bio shared positive, but limited, results with LentiGlobin in sickle-cell disease. Positive beta-thalassemia data alone would make bluebird bio's recent market cap of around $1.76 billion seem awfully small. If the company's presentations also lead to further encouragement in sickle-cell disease, it could send the stock soaring. Brian Feroldi owns shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals. Cory Renauer owns shares of Johnson and Johnson. George Budwell owns shares of iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Biogen. The Motley Fool recommends Bluebird Bio, Johnson and Johnson, and Novo Nordisk. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Feroldi (TMFTypeoh) Longtime Foolish investor Brian Feroldi has been covering the healthcare industry for the Motley Fool since 2015. Brian's investing goal is to buy companies with tremendous market opportunities, strong management teams, and dominant brands and then hold them for years and years. See all of his articles here and make sure you follow him on Twitter. Follow @longtermmindset Article Info Nov 2, 2016 at 3:42PM Health Care Stocks Eli Lilly and Co. NYSE:LLY $77.02 down $0.65 (-0.84%) Biogen NASDAQ:BIIB $321.49 up $2.31 (0.72%) iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index NASDAQ:IBB $293.09 up $5.09 (1.77%) Bluebird Bio NASDAQ:BLUE $62.65 up $5.80 (10.20%) Xencor NASDAQ:XNCR $25.70 up $2.99 (13.17%) Read More Bioverativ Could Be Why Investors Should Buy Biogen Better Buy: Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. vs. bluebird bio, Inc. Why Biogen Inc. Stock Lost 10.5% of Its Value In October Why Anavex Life Sciences Corp. Rocketed Higher Today Is This New Market the Biggest Investment Idea of the Decade? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search Tocagen Strengthens Leadership Team: Martin Duvall Appointed as Chief Executive Officer Harry Gruber, M.D., to Serve as President, Research and Development, Continue on Board of Directors News provided by Tocagen Inc. Nov 02, 2016, 08:00 ET Share this article SAN DIEGO, Nov. 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Tocagen Inc., a clinical-stage, cancer-selective gene therapy company, today announced the appointment of Martin "Marty" Duvall as chief executive officer and member of the company's board of directors. Harry Gruber, M.D., who previously served as Tocagen's chief executive officer, has assumed the role of president, research and development, and will remain a member of Tocagen's board of directors.  "Marty has clearly demonstrated over his career that he is skilled in building oncology focused companies and successfully commercializing major oncology products, including Taxotere® and Abraxane®," said Dr. Gruber. "Tocagen has entered a new era as we advance towards potential commercialization of our lead product candidate, and Marty's expertise and strategic vision will guide us at this pivotal point in the company's growth. I enthusiastically welcome Marty to lead our team and inspire us to continue developing first-in-class immunotherapy drugs to help patients in their fight against cancer." Mr. Duvall holds more than 30 years of experience in oncology drug development and commercialization at mid-stage and global pharmaceutical companies, including building numerous successful oncology teams. Prior to joining Tocagen he served as executive vice president, chief commercial officer of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, and helped lead the company's transformation into a fully integrated, global biotechnology company. "While we have made strides in treating some cancers, it is clear that we need to think 'outside the box' and pursue approaches with unique mechanisms of action to truly impact this disease, particularly for difficult-to-treat tumors," said Mr. Duvall. "I was impressed by Tocagen's team and the clinical data demonstrated by the company's lead immunotherapy product candidate. I am honored that Tocagen's board has entrusted me to lead the company and I look forward to working with all of Tocagen's key stakeholders as we advance its novel cancer-selective gene therapy technology platform towards potential commercialization." Previous to Mr. Duvall's role at ARIAD, he served as senior vice president and general manager, oncology, at Merck and & Co., Inc. Prior to this role, Mr. Duvall was the senior vice president, global marketing and commercial operations at Abraxis Bioscience, Inc. (acquired by Celgene), where he guided global commercial strategy for Abraxane. Prior to joining Abraxis, he was the senior vice president, commercial operations, for MGI Pharma, Inc. (acquired by Eisai Co., Ltd.), where he held a key role in the launch and commercialization of Aloxi®. Previous to MGI, Mr. Duvall held roles of increasing responsibility related to commercialization, marketing and sales of oncology drugs at Sanofi and its predecessor companies. Faheem Hasnain, chairman of Tocagen's board of directors, added, "The Tocagen team has transformed an academic technology into a promising cancer immunotherapy treatment that is now under evaluation in a Phase 2/3 trial. With the addition of Marty as chief executive officer, and Harry serving as president, research and development, Tocagen is well positioned to continue pursuit of the company's founding vision: No One Should Die Of Cancer." Mr. Duvall holds a master's degree in chemistry from Johns Hopkins University, master's degree in business from The University of Kansas and bachelor's degree in chemistry from Muhlenberg College. About Tocagen Tocagen is a clinical-stage, cancer-selective gene therapy company developing first-in-class, broadly applicable product candidates designed to activate a patient's immune system against their own cancer. The company is developing its lead investigational product candidate, Toca 511 (vocimagene amiretrorepvec) & Toca FC (extended-release 5-fluorocytosine), initially for the treatment of recurrent high grade glioma (HGG), a disease with significant unmet medical need. Tocagen has initiated the Phase 2 portion of a randomized, controlled Phase 2/3 clinical trial of Toca 511 & Toca FC in patients with recurrent HGG, which is designed to serve as a potential registrational trial. More information about the clinical trial can be found at www.tocagen.com/toca5. Tocagen has initiated a clinical trial of Toca 511 & Toca FC in metastatic cancers, including colorectal, pancreatic, lung, breast, renal and melanoma. Tocagen obtained Fast Track designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for Toca 511 & Toca FC as a treatment of recurrent HGG and Orphan drug designation for the treatment of glioblastoma multiforme (GBM), a subset of HGG. Tocagen has received grant support from leading brain cancer foundations, including Accelerate Brain Cancer Cure (ABC2), National Brain Tumor Society (NBTS), American Brain Tumor Association (ABTA), Musella Foundation and Voices Against Brain Cancer (VABC). For more information, visit www.tocagen.com or follow @Tocagen. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160601/374329LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tocagen-strengthens-leadership-team-martin-duvall-appointed-as-chief-executive-officer-300355715.html SOURCE Tocagen Inc. Related Links http://www.tocagen.com Nov 10, 2016, 08:00 ET Preview: Tocagen to Present Clinical and Preclinical Data at Three Scientific Meetings Oct 05, 2016, 08:00 ET Preview: Tocagen Presents Updated Tumor Response Data for its Cancer-Selective Gene Therapy My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 10, 2016, 08:00 ETTocagen to Present Clinical and Preclinical Data at Three... Oct 05, 2016, 08:00 ETTocagen Presents Updated Tumor Response Data for its... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Pharmaceuticals Personnel Announcements You just read: Tocagen Strengthens Leadership Team: Martin Duvall Appointed as Chief Executive Officer News provided by Tocagen Inc. Nov 02, 2016, 08:00 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Monoclonal Antibodies (mAbs) Market Size Worth $138.6 Billion by 2024: Grand View Research, Inc. 02.11.2016 | 10:16 (2 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Monoclonal Antibodies (mAbs) Market Size Worth $138.6 Billion by 2024: Grand View Research, Inc. SAN FRANCISCO, November 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The globalmonoclonal antibodies (mAbs) marketwas valued at USD 85.4 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach a value of USD 138.6 billion by 2024. Increasing R&D pertaining to the development of therapeutic mAbs coupled with supportive government initiatives is expected to drive the monoclonal antibodies market growth over the forecast period. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150105/723757 ) Increasing demand for personalized medicine is a vital factor responsible for the increasing development of therapeutic antibodies to provide targeted therapies as every individual responds in a different manner to a particular treatment. Moreover, related benefits of using mAbs for therapeutic purposes, including fewer adverse effects, homogeneity, specificity, and large-scale production, are contributing toward significant market growth. In addition, the government initiatives to enable cost-effective production of mAbs is anticipated to propel the emergence of this sector over the forecast period. For instance, the biomanufacturing initiative byNational Institute of Standards and Technology in the U.S. provides scientifically sound regulatory guidelines to ensure effective and safe manufacturing of protein therapeutics and to support biopharmaceutical manufacturers in offering low-cost and high-quality protein drugs across the globe. Browse full research report with TOC on "Monoclonal Antibodies (mAbs) Market Analysis By Source (Chimeric, Murine, Humanized, Human), By Type of Production, By Indication (Cancer, Autoimmune, Inflammatory, Infectious, Microbial, Viral Diseases), By End-use (Hospitals, Research, Academic Institutes, Clinics, Diagnostic Laboratories) And Segment Forecasts, 2013 - 2024" at: http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/monoclonal-antibodies-market Further Key Findings from the Study Suggest: Human-based mAbs segment is predicted to grow at a lucrative CAGR in the coming years due to their associated benefits and numerous R&D activities conducted for further development of human mAbs. Large number of mAbs of human origin are in phase III clinical trial for cancer treatment In vitro production of mAbs is anticipated to show the fastest growth owing to its wide-scale adoption by biologics manufacturers due to its greater efficiency in cost and time The research institute segment is anticipated to exhibit profitable growth due to increasing R&D efforts in the biotech industry as monoclonal antibodies have emerged as a major class of therapeutics for several human diseases, particularly immunological infectious diseases and cancer The Asia pacific region has significant growth potential due to rising government initiatives in this region supporting the use of mAbs for research and treatment purposes coupled with the surge in sponsored R&D projects for the development of cost-effective therapeutic mAbs. For instance, government-led fund providers, such as National Natural Science Foundation andNational Basic Research Program of China, offer financial support to enterprises and universities to conduct mAb research and development. The key players serving the monoclonal antibodies market arePfizer, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Inc, Amgen, Inc., Abbott Laboratories, AstraZeneca, Eli Lilly and Company, Mylan N.V., Daiichi Sankyo Company, Ltd., Bayer AG, Bristol Myers Squibb Co.,Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc., Biogen Inc., Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Sanofi Genzyme, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., and Novo Nordisk A/S. The introduction of advanced methods for mAb production further encourages the pharmaceutical companies to build their own product pipeline. According to a study published by NCBI at the end of 2013, approximately 816 companies were involved in therapeutic protein research. Browse related reports by Grand View Research: Glycobiology Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/glycobiology-market DNA Diagnostics Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/dna-diagnostics-market Expression Vectors Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/expression-vectors-market Human Embryonic Stem Cell Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/human-embryonic-stem-cell-market Grand View Research has segmented the monoclonal antibodies market by source type, production, indication, end-use, and region: GlobalMonoclonal AntibodiesSource Type Outlook (Revenue, USD Billion, 2013 - 2024) Murine Chimeric Humanized Human GlobalMonoclonal AntibodiesProduction Type Outlook (Revenue, USD Billion, 2013 - 2024) In Vivo In Vitro GlobalMonoclonal AntibodiesIndication Outlook (Revenue, USD Billion, 2013 - 2024) Cancer Autoimmune Diseases Inflammatory Diseases Infectious Diseases Microbial Diseases Others GlobalMonoclonal Antibodies End-use Outlook (Revenue, USD Billion,2013 - 2024) Hospitals Research Institutes Others Monoclonal antibodiesMarket Regional Outlook (Market Revenue in USDBillion, 2013 - 2024) North America U.S. Canada Europe UK Germany Asia Pacific Japan China India Latin America Brazil Mexico Middle East and Africa South Africa Access research Insight - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/research-insights/monoclonal-antibodies-market-insights-adoption-diagnostic-applications-drive-growth About Grand View Research Grand View Research, Inc. is a U.S. based market research and consulting company, registered in the State of California and headquartered in San Francisco. Thecompany provides syndicated research reports, customized research reports, and consulting services. To help clients make informed business decisions, we offer market intelligence studies ensuring relevant and fact-based research across a range of industries, from technology to chemicals, materials and healthcare. Read Our Blogs - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/blogs/healthcare Contact: Sherry James Corporate Sales Specialist, USA Grand View Research, Inc Phone: 1-415-349-0058 Toll Free: 1-888-202-9519 Email: sales@grandviewresearch.com Web: http://www.grandviewresearch.com © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US Election World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Science Health Breast cancer deaths to rise 60% by 2030 in developing nations, says US study One out of seven women dies of cancer, which is the second major cause of death after heart ailments. Nupur Jha   November 2, 2016 13:48 IST 3 Shares 3 Shares Reports by the American Cancer Society (ACS) and Lancet studies revealed that breast cancer cases are likely to double by 2030 in developing nations.TipsTimes/Flickr Deaths caused by breast cancer are likely to rise to around 5.5 million per year by 2030, which is almost equal to Denmark's population. This highlights an increase of 60 percent in less than two decades, says a study conducted by the American Cancer Society (ACS). As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries. Why advertise with us? Related Improper sleep in women leads to breast cancer PETA declares beer is healthier than milk "Most of the deaths occur in young and middle-aged adults, placing a heavy burden on families and national economies," says Sally Cowal, senior vice-president of global health at the ACS, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The number of cervical cancer cases is also likely to rise by at least 25 percent. It has the potential to reach above 700,000 by 2030 mostly in low and middle-income countries, another study by Lancet stated. According to ACS, one out of seven women dies of cancer, which is the second major cause of death after heart ailments. The four most fatal types of cancers -- breast, cervical, colorectal and lung -- are detectable at its early stage and are treatable. Lesser number of cancer cases are detected and treated in poor nations compared to the rich ones which lead to more number of deaths. The women of these countries are prone to known cancer threats such as unhealthy diet, obesity, physical inactivity and reproductive factors like postponing pregnancy, which are linked to the rapid economic transition, the Guardian reported. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," stated the report titled The Global Burden of Cancer in Women. Also read There are numerous things you can do, which will help you get through breast cancer treatment Breast cancer awareness month October 2016 Post Comment IBT TV Close Le Pen says Trump win ups her presidential chances Why advertise with us? Latest News Your birth year reveals how prone you are to bird flu: Scientists 8 hours ago By Nupur Jha Was a UFO spotted in the skies over Peru? Some 'experts' think so 9 hours ago By IBTimes Staff Reporter Editor's Pick Supermoon 2016 India and US: Best places and time to watch Jackie Chan's dreams come true, Police Story actor wins Oscar Why advertise with us? most popular Supermoon 2016 timings in India Supermoon can be witnessed from almost all parts of India, but regions in the extreme south will not be so lucky. World Diabetes Day 2016: Tips to cope with diabetes 415 million adult diabetics existed in 2015 and this is expected to rise to 642 million by 2040. Have scientists finally found alien life on Mars? A depression on the surface of the Red Planet could harbour signs that alien life does exist on Mars. Dangerous microbe capable of causing severe pneumonia in CF patients spreading worldwide The bacteria causing cystic fibrosis is a multidrug-resistant species called M. abscessus. 2016 is likely to be world's hottest year: World Meteorological Organization (WMO) This year noteworthy amounts of ice melting have been observed in the Arctic sea, also an early onset of ice sheet melting took place in Greenland. Only slight increase in global carbon emissions...thanks to China! Scientists have published a projection suggesting that for the third straight year, global carbon dioxide emissions did not increase much in 2016. Your birth year reveals how prone you are to bird flu: Scientists Those born before 1968 are said to have a lower chance of dying from H5N1 strain of bird flu, but they face a greater risk of dying from the H7N9 bird flu strain. Photo Gallery In pictures: Supermoon around the world In pictures: Supermoon around the world Gali Janardhan Reddy's daughter Sangeet Ceremony pictures Gali Janardhan Reddy's daughter Sangeet Ceremony pictures. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Pipeline of Neutropenia Market Covering Therapeutics Under Development for H2 2016 By Published: Nov 2, 2016 2:00 a.m. ET Share PUNE, India, November 2, 2016 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- PUNE, India, November 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- RnRMarketResearch.com adds "Neutropenia - Pipeline Review, H2 2016" market research report to its store. The report provides an overview of the Neutropenia's therapeutic pipeline with comprehensive information on the therapeutic development for Neutropenia, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type, along with latest updates, and featured news and press releases. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Neutropenia and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. Complete report on H2 2016 pipeline review of Neutropenia with 31 market data tables and 14 figures, spread across 93 pages is available at http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/neutropenia-pipeline-review-h2-2016-market-report.html. Neutropenia pipeline therapeutics constitutes close to 26 molecules. Out of which approximately 26 molecules are developed by Companies. The report outlays comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Neutropenia, complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. Neutropenia is an abnormally low count of neutrophils, a type of white blood cell that helps fight off infections, particularly those caused by bacteria and fungi. Signs and symptoms include fevers, frequent infections, mouth ulcers, gum infections and dysuria. The molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 5, 1, 3, 4, 9, 1 and 3 respectively. Furthermore, this report also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Neutropenia and features dormant and discontinued projects. Driven by data built using data and information sourced from proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Companies discussed in this Neutropenia Pipeline Review, H2 2016 report include Apotex Inc., BeyondSpring Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Biogenomics Limited, Cellerant Therapeutics, Inc., Cleveland BioLabs, Inc., Coherus BioSciences, Inc., Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Limited, Eurofarma Laboratorios S.A., Ligand Pharmaceuticals, Inc., NAL Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Prolong Pharmaceuticals, LLC, Richter Gedeon Nyrt., Sandoz International GmbH, Therapeutic Proteins International, LLC, Toko Pharmaceutical Industries Co., Ltd. and USV Pvt Ltd. Drug Profiles mentioned in this research report are ACN-8337, CBLB-612, EC-18, filgrastim, LG-7455, pegfilgrastim, pegfilgrastim (recombinant), plinabulin, romyelocel-L, ST-7 and tamibarotene. Order a copy of this report @ http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/contacts/purchase?rname=733322. Scope of this report: The report provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Neutropenia and reviews pipeline therapeutics for Neutropenia by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources and key players involved Neutropenia therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. The research covers pipeline products based on various stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. The report features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which includes, product description, descriptive MoA, R&D brief, licensing and collaboration details & other developmental activities and assesses Neutropenia therapeutics based on drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The report summarizes all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects with latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Neutropenia. Another newly published market research report titled on Varicella Zoster (HHV-3) Infections - Pipeline Review, H2 2016 provides comprehensive information on the therapeutic development for Varicella Zoster (HHV-3) Infections, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type, along with latest updates, and featured news and press releases. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Varicella Zoster (HHV-3) Infections and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. It strengthens R&D pipelines by identifying new targets and MOAs to produce first-in-class and best-in-class products. Companies Involved in Therapeutics Development are Astellas Pharma Inc., Beijing Minhai Biotechnology Co., Ltd, Beijing Tiantan Biological Products Co., Ltd., ContraVir Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Epiphany Biosciences Inc., Foamix Pharmaceuticals Ltd., GeneOne Life Science, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Green Cross Corporation, Merck & Co., Inc., N & N Pharmaceuticals Inc., NAL Pharmaceuticals Ltd., NanoViricides, Inc., ReceptoPharm, Inc., Sinovac Biotech Ltd., SK Chemicals Co., Ltd., TSRL, Inc., XBiotech Inc and Zydus Cadila Healthcare Limited. Varicella Zoster (HHV-3) Infections Pipeline market research report of 172 pages is available at http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/varicella-zoster-hhv-3-infections-pipeline-review-h2-2016-market-report.html. Explore more reports on Infectious Diseases Therapeutics. About Us:  RnRMarketResearch.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 100,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact:Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, Metropole Next to Inox theatre, Bund garden road Pune-411001 Maharashtra, India + 1 888 391 5441 sales@rnrmarketresearch.com SOURCE RnR Market Research Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews


Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: ImmunoGen, Inc. Waits for Data Investors eagerly await data from the biotech's phase 3 trial, but there will be some earlier-stage data in the interim. Brian Orelli (TMFBiologyFool) Nov 1, 2016 at 3:00PM Image source: Getty Images. ImmunoGen (NASDAQ:IMGN) reported earnings on Friday, but except for its cash runway, the biotech's financials aren't nearly as important as plans for its pipeline. ImmunoGen results: The only number that really matters Metric Sept. 30, 2016 June 30, 2016 QOQ Decline Cash and equivalents $196 million $245 million (20%) QOQ = quarter over quarter. Data source: Company press release. What happened with ImmunoGen this quarter? At the end of September, management decided to reduce its workforce by 17%, focusing on mirvetuximab soravtansine, IMGN779, and IMGN632 while partnering its non-core B-cell lymphoma program to reduce its cash burn. Management thinks the new focus will push its cash runway through its interim peak at phase 3 data for mirvetuximab soravtansine, extending into mid-2018. That phase 3 trial, dubbed FORWARD I, for mirvetuximab soravtansine in platinum-resistant ovarian cancer is on track to begin before the end of the year. ImmunoGen expects to end the year with $165 million and $170 million in the bank, implying a cash burn rate of $26 million to $31 million, but that rate will increase in coming quarters as it ramps up its spending on clinical trials. Its phase 2 trial, FORWARD II, which looks at mirvetuximab soravtansine in combination with other treatments, is still enrolling patients. What management had to say On the potential to sell its non-core assets, ImmunoGen CEO Mark Enyedy said, "We have some preliminary conversations ongoing at this point, and there's not much else to say on that point." Clearly, generating some non-dilutive cash would be useful, but investors are just going to have to wait. Much has been made about ImmunoGen having enough cash to get through the interim peak at the FORWARD I trial data, but Anna Berkenblit, ImmunoGen's chief medical officer, noted that "it's just a futility analysis because progression free survivals is the primary end point. We do not have an early stop for efficacy." Knowing that the trial won't end early will remove some risk from ImmunoGen, but the interim look doesn't offer a huge upside since it can't be stopped early for efficacy. Looking forward While investors won't get data from FORWARD I for some time, ImmunoGen expects to start reporting data from FORWARD II next year, perhaps at the American Society of Clinical Research (ASCO) meeting in June. If mirvetuximab soravtansine works well in combination with currently approved drugs, such as Roche's Avastin and Merck's Keytruda, investors should have more confidence that mirvetuximab soravtansine will work on its own in later-stage patients who have failed other treatments -- the patients in the FORWARD I trial. Before then, at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) meeting next month, investors will get a look at preclinical data for IMGN779 and IMGN632. IMGN779 is already being tested in a phase 1 trial in patients with acute myeloid leukemia. A phase 1 trial for IMGN632 is scheduled to start in 2017. Brian Orelli has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends ImmunoGen. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Orelli (TMFBiologyFool) Dr. Orelli is a Senior Biotech Specialist. He has written about biotech, pharmaceutical, and medical device companies for The Motley Fool since 2007. Follow @biologyfool Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 3:00PM Health Care Stocks ImmunoGen NASDAQ:IMGN $2.14 down $0.07 (-3.17%) Read More ImmunoGen, Inc. Gets the FDA Green Light (for Its Trial Design) ImmunoGen, Inc.'s Shares Jumped Another 15% Today Mixed Bag for ImmunoGen Inc. Best Pure Play Investment in Cancer Drugs ImmunoGen, Inc. Shares Fall After It Outlines Its 2016 Clinical Events Outlook Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Browse Archives Front Page News Calendar Columns Classifieds Legals Subscribe Media Kit Contact Us Submission Forms Letters to the Editor Anniversary Birth Announcement Calendar of Events Classified Order Display Ad Order Engagement Obituary Senior's Birthday Wedding General Dining & Entertainment Home Automotive Real Estate & Auctions Display Classifieds Index 2016-11-01 / Columns Tweet Print Measure would let state negotiate drug prices Thinking about health By Trudy Lieberman Rural Health News Service Editor’s note: The following is provided by the Hoosier State Press Association. While it involves an issue currently happening in California, the results could set the stage for the nation in regard to the price of pharmaceuticals. The fight in California over a ballot initiative that would begin to control the price of pharmaceuticals paid by state programs shows how difficult it is to “do something” about the high price of prescription drugs. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, U.S. drug spending rose 7 percent this year - the biggest increase in 24 years – and most Americans now think drug prices are unreasonable. So it’s not surprising the pharmaceutical industry is running scared and, with its deep pockets, is spending big to convince millions of Californians to vote “No” on Prop 61, a Nov. 8 ballot measure that would “do something.” It’s a simple measure, says Roger Salazar, the spokesperson for the group “Yes On Prop 61.” It would require the state to pay no more for prescription drugs than the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs spends for the same medications. The VA negotiates prices with pharmaceutical companies, and federal law requires that the department get a discount of at least 24 percent off the drugs it buys. That may seem reasonable considering the state spends billions on drugs it buys through such programs as CalPERS, the state employees retirement fund, the fee-for-service recipients in Medi-Cal, the state’s version of Medicaid, the state prison system, and an AIDS drug assistance program. Over time proponents say the measure could save the state billions. For CalPERS alone they argue the measure could save almost $4 billion over 10 years. The state legislative office says the financial impact is “unknown.” If proponent’s estimate of potential savings is correct, that’s hardly chump change. CalPERS, one of the country’s largest healthcare purchasers, saw its costs for specialty drugs - high-cost medicines for complex, chronic conditions - jump 30 percent in 2015. The pharmaceutical industry, though, worries that if the measure passes in California, it could open the door for other states to follow. Even worse, it might lead to the federal government negotiating prices with drug companies as most other nations do. “It’s a fairly straightforward expansion of price controls,” is how Stephen Ubl, president of the drug makers trade group, described it last summer in an interview with the New York Times. The drug industry has fought against such negotiations for decades. Recall that Medicare is prohibited by law from negotiating prices for the prescription drugs it pays for on behalf of 56 million beneficiaries. “We can’t negotiate for purchasing in one of the largest insurance systems in the world,” says former Medicare administrator Don Berwick. The fight in California reveals one of the biggest political and powerful obstacles of all – money. Two weeks before the election, the drug industry had poured $109 million into its campaign to defeat the measure, a sum that makes it the most expensive campaign for or against a single ballot initiative in the state’s history, according to Salazar’s group, High on the list of companies giving money to defeat the measure are household names like Johnson & Johnson, Merck, and Pfizer, which each tossed in more than $9 million. Their arguments have a familiar ring, similar to ones the drug industry has used before when price controls edged too close to their bottom lines. They argue that government interference with prices could lead to higher drug costs, treatment delays and even denial of coverage. They say the proposal offers little guidance for implementation. Their tactics are familiar too. They’ve enlisted the help of several patient advocacy groups to support their position – groups like the California Hepatitis C Task Force and the Lupus Foundation of Southern California, which have received recent drug industry contributions. When Los Angeles Times business columnist David Lazarus asked Kathy Fairbanks, the spokeswoman for the “No Prop 61” campaign,” if she’d characterize high drug prices as a problem for patients, she said no, that’s not how she would put it. “It’s an issue, how about that?” She added healthcare costs are top of mind for a lot of people, but “Proposition 61 isn’t the answer.” It’s fair to ask: Then what is it? Two other weaker attempts in California to “do something” about drug prices failed this year. One was a measure to require insurers to give detailed information about drug costs and drug makers to give notice of future price increases. The other would have required more transparency about research and development, production and marketing costs for drugs with a wholesale price of more than $10,000 a year. The battle is being fought on the airwaves, and voters are confused. Money talks! The question remains: When will the needs of the public and the health system in general talk louder? What do you think should be done to control drug prices? Write to Trudy at trudy. lieberman@gmail.com. Return to top Login to post comments Click here for digital edition Newspaper web site content management software and services Copyright © 2011-2016 The Hoosier Topics
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases Asia-Pacific Animal Health Market – Forecast to 2021 LONDON, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — The APAC animal health market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 5.7% during the forecast period, to reach USD 20.25 billion by 2021 from USD 15.32 billion in 2016. Growth in this market can primarily be attributed to the rapid rise in livestock population, increasing awareness about animal health, rising demand for animal-derived food products, and rising frequency of animal disease outbreaks. However, restrictions on the use of parasiticides in food-producing animals, the shift towards vegetarian diets, and rising vaccine storage costs are restraining the growth of this market to a certain extent. In this report, the APAC animal health market is segmented on the basis of product, type of animal, and region. On the basis of product, the market is segmented into growth promoters, feed additives, parasiticides, vaccines, antimicrobials and antibiotics, and other pharmaceuticals. The parasiticides segment is further categorized into ectoparasiticides, endoparasiticides, and endectocides. The ectoparasiticides segment accounted for the largest share of the APAC animal parasiticides market. This product segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Based on the type of animal, the market is segmented into food-producing animals and companion animals. Geographically, the APAC animal health market segmented into China, Japan, India, and the Rest of APAC. In 2015, China accounted for the largest share of the APAC animal health market. This regional segment is expected to register the highest growth rate followed by India. This growth can be attributed to the large livestock population in these countries, increased frequency of the occurrence of animal diseases, rising demand for animal-derived food products, and growing awareness about animal health and welfare. Some of the prominent players in the APAC animal health market include Zoetis, Inc. (U.S.), Sanofi (France), Eli Lilly and Company (U.S.), Merck and Co., Inc. (U.S.), Bayer AG (Germany), Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH (Germany), Ceva Santé Animale (France), Virbac (France), Vetoquinol S.A. (France), and Cargill, Inc. (U.S.) Research Coverage In addition to detailed segmentation, this report also provides market dynamics, including drivers, restraints, opportunities, challenges, and market trends. The report also covers the regulatory analysis for the production and marketing of veterinary healthcare products. Reasons to Buy the Report: The report will enrich both established firms as well as new entrants/smaller firms to gauge the pulse of the market, which in turn will help firms in garnering greater market shares. Firms purchasing the report could use any one or a combination of the below-mentioned five strategies (market penetration, product and service development/innovation, market development, market diversification, and competitive assessment) for increasing their market shares. The report provides insights on the following pointers: – Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on the product portfolios offered by the top players in the APAC animal health market. The report analyzes the APAC animal health market by product, type of animal, and region – Product and Service Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on the upcoming trends, research and development activities, and new product launches in the APAC animal health market – Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative emerging markets by product and region – Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, growing geographies, recent developments, and investments in the APAC animal health market – Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market shares, growth strategies, products and services, and manufacturing capabilities of leading players in the APAC animal health market Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4259110/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com   Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/asia-pacific-animal-health-market—forecast-to-2021-300354986.html Author ilsPosted on November 1, 2016November 1, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: ALM to Host the Nation’s Largest Legal Industry Gathering at Legalweek, The Experience, January 31-February 2, 2017 Next Next post: TEAMHEALTH INVESTOR ALERT BY THE FORMER ATTORNEY GENERAL OF LOUISIANA: Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC Investigates Adequacy of Price and Process in Proposed Sale of TeamHealth Holdings, Inc. Search for: Search Recent Posts Corporate Capital Trust announces third quarter 2016 results TEAM HEALTH MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Team Health Holdings, Inc. Propel Media Reports $6.1 million of Adjusted EBITDA for the 3rd Quarter of 2016 Matrix Lanza PowerWatch, el Primer Reloj Inteligente del Mundo que Nunca Necesita Cargarse Matrix bringt PowerWatch heraus, die erste Smartwatch der Welt, die nie aufgeladen werden muss Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Asia-Pacific Animal Health Market – Forecast to 2021 LONDON, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — The APAC animal health market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 5.7% during the forecast period, to reach USD 20.25 billion by 2021 from USD 15.32 billion in 2016. Growth in this market can primarily be attributed to the rapid rise in livestock population, increasing awareness about animal health, rising demand for animal-derived food products, and rising frequency of animal disease outbreaks. However, restrictions on the use of parasiticides in food-producing animals, the shift towards vegetarian diets, and rising vaccine storage costs are restraining the growth of this market to a certain extent. In this report, the APAC animal health market is segmented on the basis of product, type of animal, and region. On the basis of product, the market is segmented into growth promoters, feed additives, parasiticides, vaccines, antimicrobials and antibiotics, and other pharmaceuticals. The parasiticides segment is further categorized into ectoparasiticides, endoparasiticides, and endectocides. The ectoparasiticides segment accounted for the largest share of the APAC animal parasiticides market. This product segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Based on the type of animal, the market is segmented into food-producing animals and companion animals. Geographically, the APAC animal health market segmented into China, Japan, India, and the Rest of APAC. In 2015, China accounted for the largest share of the APAC animal health market. This regional segment is expected to register the highest growth rate followed by India. This growth can be attributed to the large livestock population in these countries, increased frequency of the occurrence of animal diseases, rising demand for animal-derived food products, and growing awareness about animal health and welfare. Some of the prominent players in the APAC animal health market include Zoetis, Inc. (U.S.), Sanofi (France), Eli Lilly and Company (U.S.), Merck and Co., Inc. (U.S.), Bayer AG (Germany), Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH (Germany), Ceva Santé Animale (France), Virbac (France), Vetoquinol S.A. (France), and Cargill, Inc. (U.S.) Research Coverage In addition to detailed segmentation, this report also provides market dynamics, including drivers, restraints, opportunities, challenges, and market trends. The report also covers the regulatory analysis for the production and marketing of veterinary healthcare products. Reasons to Buy the Report: The report will enrich both established firms as well as new entrants/smaller firms to gauge the pulse of the market, which in turn will help firms in garnering greater market shares. Firms purchasing the report could use any one or a combination of the below-mentioned five strategies (market penetration, product and service development/innovation, market development, market diversification, and competitive assessment) for increasing their market shares. The report provides insights on the following pointers: – Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on the product portfolios offered by the top players in the APAC animal health market. The report analyzes the APAC animal health market by product, type of animal, and region – Product and Service Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on the upcoming trends, research and development activities, and new product launches in the APAC animal health market – Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative emerging markets by product and region – Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, growing geographies, recent developments, and investments in the APAC animal health market – Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market shares, growth strategies, products and services, and manufacturing capabilities of leading players in the APAC animal health market Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4259110/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com   Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Source: http://www.prnewswire.com/rss/all-news-releases-from-PR-newswire-news.rss Link: Asia-Pacific Animal Health Market – Forecast to 2021 Author RSS ImportPosted on November 1, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: uBreakiFix Opens Doors in Millburn to Serve Community's Tech Repair Needs Next Next post: Maverick Technical Institute Introduces Cleerline Technology Group Fiber Optic Training Search for: Search Recent Posts TEAM HEALTH MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Team Health Holdings, Inc. Corporate Capital Trust announces third quarter 2016 results INTELIQUENT MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Inteliquent, Inc. ADDING MULTIMEDIA Costco, GameStop and Best Buy Join Activision Blizzard to Support Veteran Hiring with Special Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare Holiday Seasonal Items Dividend Capital Diversified Property Fund Provides Third Quarter 2016 Portfolio Update Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Login Register Classifieds CarsHQ JobsHQ HomesHQ ApartmentsHQ Classifieds Marketplace Jamestown Sun Search Search Sections Home news Headlines Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Corps says more discussion needed before agency will approve Dakota Access easement Fewer US parents say they spank their kids Trump's pick of right-wing firebrand for White House job sparks outrage Conway denies any extremist influence on Trump campaign More Topics weather crime local state nation and world records business sports Headlines Jimmies beat D-II St. Cloud, go 3-0 on trip Jimmie men down Pilots Treder claims crown in Winnipeg Bradley, relay set school record Beavers complete sweep of Jimmies More Topics prep college jays jimmies pro amateur outdoors opinion Headlines Letter to the editor: Why doesn’t Civic Center, Phillips believe in RRA event? We learned a lot in the campaign Port: ND needs to blow up initiated measure process Trump’s analysis spot on Better signage needed to guide people to downtown More Topics editorials letters columns obituaries Headlines Irene A. Pitra Rosemary Morrison Herb J. Engels Elizabeth "Betty" Andrud Irene A. Pitra life Headlines Five decades and 200 films later, Jackie Chan 'finally' wins Oscar Leon Russell, Rock Songwriter and Musician, Dies at 74 An extended warm autumn has benefits Leonard Cohen, rock music's poetic visionary, dies at age 82 Pure Heart Drama Team More Topics food garden home travel religion entertainment community Headlines Community Calendar Sock hop at Roosevelt Community Calendar Public meetings scheduled next week New Materials At Libraries More Topics clubs education calendar milestones Headlines Births Wally and Pat Births for Nov. 7, 2016 Births for Nov. 7, 2016 Births for Nov. 4, 2016 More Topics anniversaries birthdays births engagements reunions weddings Weather Forecast Close Forecast Radar Ballot measure would let California negotiate drug prices By Rural Health News Service on Nov 1, 2016 at 7:00 a.m. The fight in California over a ballot initiative that would begin to control the price of pharmaceuticals paid by state programs shows how difficult it is to “do something” about the high price of prescription drugs. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, U.S. drug spending rose 7 percent this year - the biggest increase in 24 years – and most Americans now think drug prices are unreasonable. So it’s not surprising the pharmaceutical industry is running scared and, with its deep pockets, is spending big to convince millions of Californians to vote “no” on Prop 61, a Nov. 8 ballot measure that would “do something.” It’s a simple measure, said Roger Salazar, the spokesperson for the group “Yes On Prop 61.” It would require the state to pay no more for prescription drugs than the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs spends for the same medications. The VA negotiates prices with pharmaceutical companies, and federal law requires that the department get a discount of at least 24 percent off the drugs it buys. That may seem reasonable considering the state spends billions on drugs it buys through such programs as CalPERS, the state employees retirement fund, the fee-for-service recipients in Medi-Cal, the state’s version of Medicaid, the state prison system and an AIDS drug assistance program. Over time proponents say the measure could save the state billions. For CalPERS alone they argue the measure could save almost $4 billion over 10 years. The state legislative office says the financial impact is “unknown.” If proponent’s estimate of potential savings is correct, that’s hardly chump change. CalPERS, one of the country’s largest health care purchasers, saw its costs for specialty drugs - high-cost medicines for complex, chronic conditions - jump 30 percent in 2015. The pharmaceutical industry, though, worries that if the measure passes in California, it could open the door for other states to follow. Even worse, it might lead to the federal government negotiating prices with drug companies as most other nations do. “It’s a fairly straightforward expansion of price controls,” is how Stephen Ubl, president of the drug makers trade group, described it last summer in an interview with the New York Times. The drug industry has fought against such negotiations for decades. Recall that Medicare is prohibited by law from negotiating prices for the prescription drugs it pays for on behalf of 56 million beneficiaries. “We can’t negotiate for purchasing in one of the largest insurance systems in the world,” said former Medicare administrator Don Berwick. The fight in California reveals one of the biggest political and powerful obstacles of all – money. Two weeks before the election, the drug industry had poured $109 million into its campaign to defeat the measure, a sum that makes it the most expensive campaign for or against a single ballot initiative in the state’s history, according to Salazar’s group, High on the list of companies giving money to defeat the measure are household names like Johnson & Johnson, Merck and Pfizer, which each tossed in more than $9 million. Their arguments have a familiar ring, similar to ones the drug industry has used before when price controls edged too close to their bottom lines. They argue that government interference with prices could lead to higher drug costs, treatment delays and even denial of coverage. They say the proposal offers little guidance for implementation. Their tactics are familiar too. They’ve enlisted the help of several patient advocacy groups to support their position – groups like the California Hepatitis C Task Force and the Lupus Foundation of Southern California, which have received recent drug industry contributions. When Los Angeles Times business columnist David Lazarus asked Kathy Fairbanks, the spokeswoman for the “No Prop 61” campaign,” if she’d characterize high drug prices as a problem for patients, she said no, that’s not how she would put it. “It’s an issue, how about that?” She added health care costs are top of mind for a lot of people, but “Proposition 61 isn’t the answer.” It’s fair to ask: Then what is it? Two other weaker attempts in California to “do something” about drug prices failed this year. One was a measure to require insurers to give detailed information about drug costs and drug makers to give notice of future price increases. The other would have required more transparency about research and development, production and marketing costs for drugs with a wholesale price of more than $10,000 a year. The battle is being fought on the airwaves, and voters are confused. Money talks! The question remains: When will the needs of the public and the health system in general talk louder? What do you think should be done to control drug prices? Write to Trudy at trudy. lieberman@gmail.com. Explore related topics:LifehomeHealth Advertisement Trending 1. Letter to the editor: Why doesn’t Civic Center, Phillips believe in RRA event? 2. Two-vehicle rural crash injures one in Stutsman 3. Three join staff of R.M. Stoudt 4. Bismarck accident victim identified 5. Rosemary Morrison more 〉 Latest Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump44 min ago Corps says more discussion needed before agency will approve Dakota Access easement1 hour ago Fewer US parents say they spank their kids1 hour ago Trump's pick of right-wing firebrand for White House job sparks outrage2 hours ago Conway denies any extremist influence on Trump campaign3 hours ago more 〉 Account Manage My Account Manage Home Delivery Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Newspaper Subscribe to the Paper Buy Newspaper Prints Contact Contact Us Get Website Help Work With Us More JobsHQ CarsHQ HomesHQ Northland Outdoors Agweek Impact Magazine Social Areavoices Twitter Facebook RSS Feeds Forum Communications Company 3.0 © Jamestown Sun Forum Communications Company websitesupport@forumcomm.com © Jamestown Sun and Forum Communications Company 121 3rd St NW Jamestown, North Dakota 58401 Call us at 701-252-3120
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Press Release Receive press releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc.: By Email RSS Feeds: Nanomedicine Market USD 170 Billion by 2020, Published by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Maryland Heights, MO, November 01, 2016 --(PR.com)-- The global nanomedicine market is estimated to reach USD 170 Billion in 2020, growing at a CAGR of 8.9% from 2016 to 2020, according to a market research report Nanomedicine Market 2013-2020, published by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Visit the Nanomedicine Market 2013-2020 report at https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/nanomedicine-market/ Nanomedicine is the medical application of nanotechnology that ranges from the medical applications of nanomaterials and biological devices, to nanoelectronic biosensors, and even possible future applications of molecular nanotechnology such as biological machines. Nanomedicines are used globally to improve the treatments and lives of patients suffering from a range of disorders including ovarian and breast cancer, kidney disease, fungal infections, elevated cholesterol, menopausal symptoms, multiple sclerosis, chronic pain, asthma and emphysema. The global nanomedicine market segmentation is based on applications (neurology, cardiology, oncology, anti-inflammatory, anti-infectives, etc.). The global nanomedicine market report provides market size (Revenue USD Million 2013 to 2020), market share, market trends and forecasts growth trends (CAGR%, 2016 to 2020). The global nanomedicine market research report is divided by geography (regional and country based) into North America (U.S., Canada), Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA), Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU), Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC), and Rest of the World. 1. Application 1.1 Neurology 1.2 Cardiology 1.3 Oncology 1.4 Anti-inflammatory 1.5 Anti-infectives 1.6 Others 2. Geography (Region, Country) 2.1 North America (U.S., Canada) 2.2 Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA) 2.3 Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU) 2.4 Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC) 2.5 Rest of the World 3. Company Profiles 3.1 Abbott Laboratories 3.2 CombiMatrix Corporation 3.3 Celgene Corporation 3.4 Mallinckrodt plc 3.5 GE Healthcare 3.6 Johnson & Johnson 3.7 Merck & Company Inc. 3.8 Nanosphere, Inc. 3.9 Pfizer Inc. 3.10 Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals Inc. 3.11 Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. 3.12 UCB SA About Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. is a global health care market research and consulting company providing market analysis, and competitive intelligence services to global clients. The Company publishes syndicate, custom and consulting grade healthcare reports covering animal healthcare, biotechnology, clinical diagnostics, healthcare informatics, healthcare services, medical devices, medical equipment, and pharmaceuticals. iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. provides industry participants and stakeholders with strategically analyzed, unbiased view of market dynamics and business opportunities within its coverage areas. Contact Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. 2109, Mckelvey Hill Drive, Maryland Heights, MO 63043 United States Email: sales@ihealthcareranalyst.com Website: https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com Contact Information iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Ana Aitawa (314) 736-9294 Contact http://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/ Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search Xencor Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results News provided by Xencor, Inc. Nov 02, 2016, 16:01 ET Share this article MONROVIA, Calif., Nov. 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Xencor, Inc. (NASDAQ: XNCR), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, asthma and allergic diseases and cancer, today reported financial results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016 and provided a review of pipeline and corporate highlights. "During the third quarter, we initiated clinical trials across our internal pipeline of XmAb programs, including Phase 1 studies of subcutaneously administered XmAb®5871 and XmAb®7195, and a first-in-human Phase 1 study of our lead immuno-oncology bispecific antibody candidate, XmAb®14045," said Bassil Dahiyat, Ph.D., president and chief executive officer of Xencor. "With these milestones complete and a strong cash position, we expect to report data from multiple clinical trials in the year ahead, while also initiating studies of additional bispecific oncology candidates and continuing to explore the breadth of our Fc engineering technology." Pipeline Highlights: XmAb5871: XmAb5871 is a first-in-class monoclonal antibody that targets CD19 with its variable domain and that uses Xencor's XmAb immune inhibitor Fc domain to target FcγRIIb, a receptor that inhibits B-cell function. In March 2016, Xencor initiated Phase 2 clinical studies of XmAb5871 for the treatment of IgG4-Related Disease (IgG4-RD) and systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), and in July 2016, Xencor initiated a Phase 1 trial of subcutaneously administered XmAb5871. Preliminary data from IgG4-RD Phase 2 trial to be presented at the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) 2016 Annual Meeting on November 13, 2016 in Washington, DC; additional data expected in 2017 Initial data from subcutaneous administration trial expected in 2017 Initial data from SLE Phase 2 trial expected in 2018 XmAb7195: XmAb7195 is a first-in-class monoclonal antibody that targets IgE with its variable domain and uses Xencor's XmAb Immune Inhibitor Fc domain to target FcγRIIb, resulting in three distinct mechanisms of action for reducing IgE levels. In September 2016, Xencor initiated a Phase 1b multi-dose trial of subcutaneously administered XmAb7195 for the treatment of allergic disease. Initial data from subcutaneous administration Phase 1b trial expected in 1H17 Bispecific Oncology Pipeline: Xencor's initial bispecific antibody programs are tumor-targeted antibodies that contain both a tumor antigen binding domain and a cytotoxic T-cell binding domain. These bispecific antibodies activate T cells for highly potent and targeted killing of malignant cells. Their XmAb Fc domains confer long circulating half-lives, stability and ease of manufacture. In September 2016, Xencor initiated a Phase 1 trial of XmAb14045 in acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and other CD123-expressing hematologic malignancies. Initial data from XmAb14045 Phase 1 trial expected in 2017 Initiation of Phase 1 trial for XmAb®13676 in B-cell malignancies expected in 1Q17; initial data expected in 2018 Investigational New Drug (IND) application filing for XmAb®18087 in neuroendocrine tumors expected in 2017 IND application filing for XmAb®20717, a PD-1 x CTLA-4 dual checkpoint inhibitor, in multiple oncology indications expected in 2018 Partnered XmAb Programs: Nine pharmaceutical companies and the National Institutes of Health (NIH) are advancing novel drug candidates either discovered at Xencor or that rely on Xencor's proprietary XmAb® technology. Seven such programs are currently undergoing clinical testing.  In September, MorphoSys announced that it began dosing in the safety evaluation portion of a Phase 2/3 combination trial of XmAb®5574/MOR208 with bendamustine in patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (B-MIND trial). Following the Phase 2 safety evaluation, the study is expected to transition into a pivotal Phase 3 part in 2017.  Third Quarter Ended September 30, 2016 Financial Results Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $301.9 million as of September 30, 2016, compared to $193.3 million on December 31, 2015. The increase reflects the $150 million upfront payment received from Novartis in July 2016, net of spending for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Revenues for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016 were $7.8 million compared to $3.5 million for the same period of 2015. Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $81.1 million, compared to $6.0 million for the same period in 2015. Revenues in the three and nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 were earned primarily from the Company's Novartis and Amgen collaborations, compared to revenues for the same period in 2015, which were earned primarily from the Company's Novo Nordisk, Alexion and CSL collaborations. Research and development expenditures for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016 were $14.1 million, compared to $10.6 million for the same period in 2015. Total research and development expenses for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 were $38.5 million, compared to $23.3 million for the same period in 2015. The increased spending on research and development for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily due to additional spending on Xencor's XmAb5871 clinical programs and bispecific technologies, including its initial bispecific oncology clinical candidates, XmAb14045 and XmAb13676. General and administrative expenses in the third quarter ended September 30, 2016 were $3.0 million compared to $3.2 million for the same period in 2015. Total general and administrative expenses for the first nine months of 2016 were $10.0 million, compared to $8.5 million in the first nine months of 2015. Decreased spending on the general and administration areas for the three months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015 is due to lower stock-based compensation charges in the quarter, while the increased spending for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015 reflects additional legal and accounting fees for compliance related activities and additional stock-based compensation charges. Non-cash, share-based compensation expense for the first nine months of 2016 was $5.9 million compared to $3.4 million for the first nine months of 2015. Net loss for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016 was $8.1 million, or $(0.20) on a fully diluted per share basis, compared to a net loss of $10.0 million, or $(0.25) on a fully diluted per share basis, for the same period in 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net income was $32.7 million or $0.78 on a fully diluted per share basis, compared to net loss of $25.3 million, or $(0.66) on a fully diluted per share basis, for the same period in 2015. The lower loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 over the loss reported for the same period in 2015 is primarily due to revenue earned from the Company's Amgen collaboration, while the income earned for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015 is primarily due to revenue earned from the Company's Novartis collaboration. The total shares outstanding was 41,138,851 as of September 30, 2016, compared to 40,477,003 shares outstanding as of September 30, 2015. Financial Guidance Based on current operating plans, Xencor expects to have cash to fund research and development programs and operations beyond the end of 2019. Conference Call and Webcast Xencor will host a conference call today at 4:30 p.m. ET (1:30 p.m. PT) to discuss these third quarter 2016 financial results and provide a corporate update. The live call may be accessed by dialing (877) 359-9508 for domestic callers or (224) 357-2393 for international callers, and referencing conference ID number: 95419669. A live webcast of the conference call will be available online from the investor relations section of the company website at www.xencor.com. The webcast will be archived on the company website for 30 days.   About Xencor, Inc. Xencor is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, asthma and allergic diseases and cancer. Currently, 10 candidates engineered with Xencor's XmAb® technology are in clinical development internally and with partners. Xencor's internal programs include: XmAb5871 in Phase 2 development for the treatment of IgG4-Related Disease, and also for the treatment of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus; XmAb7195 in Phase 1 development for the treatment of asthma and allergic diseases; XmAb14045 in Phase 1 development for acute myeloid leukemia; and XmAb13676 for B-cell malignancies and XmAb18087 for the treatment of neuroendocrine tumors, both in pre-clinical development. Xencor's XmAb antibody engineering technology enables small changes to the structure of monoclonal antibodies resulting in new mechanisms of therapeutic action.  Xencor partners include Novartis, Amgen, MorphoSys, Merck, CSL/Janssen, Alexion, Novo Nordisk and Boehringer Ingelheim. For more information, please visit www.xencor.com. Forward Looking Statements: Statements contained in this press release regarding matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including the quotation from Xencor's CEO and any expectations relating to its business, research and development programs, including ongoing clinical trials, including XmAb5871 and XmAb7195, and the XmAb bispecific antibody technology, including XmAb14045, XmAb13676, XmAb18087 and XmAb20717, partnering efforts or its capital requirements. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements and the timing of events to be materially different from those implied by such statements, and therefore these statements should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results. Such risks include, without limitation, the risks associated with the process of discovering, developing, manufacturing and commercializing drugs that are safe and effective for use as human therapeutics and other risks described in Xencor's public securities filings. All forward-looking statements are based on Xencor's current information and belief as well as assumptions made by Xencor. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements and Xencor disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Xencor, Inc. Condensed Balance Sheets (in thousands) September 30, December 31, 2016 2015 (Unaudited) Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $14,787 $12,590 Short-term marketable securities 89,518 83,840 Accounts receivable 3,089 44 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 3,448 1,201 Total current assets 110,842 97,675 Property and equipment, net 3,050 2,310 Long-term marketable securities 197,570 96,891 Intangible assets, net 10,565 9,971 Other assets 103 63 Total assets $322,130 $206,910 Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $13,992 $10,142 Current portion of deferred revenue 96,274 33,287 Income taxes 400 — Total current liabilities 110,666 43,429 Deferred rent, less current portion 431 507 Deferred revenue, less current portion 8,613 542 Total liabilities 119,710 44,478 Stockholders' equity 202,420 162,432 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $322,130 $206,910 The 2015 balance sheet was derived from the 2015 annual financial statements included in the form 10-K that was filed on March 8, 2016. Xencor, Inc. Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (in thousands, except share and per share data) Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Revenues $7,821 $3,503 $81,080 $6,008 Operating expenses: Research and development 14,069 10,582 38,512 23,263 General and administrative 3,007 3,233 10,000 8,521 Total operating expenses 17,076 13,815 48,512 31,784 Income (loss) from operations (9,255) (10,312) 32,568 (25,776) Other income, net 580 275 1,272 427 Income (loss) before income tax (8,675) (10,037) 33,840 (25,349) Provision (benefit) for income tax (598) — 1,150 — Net income (loss) (8,077) (10,037) 32,690 (25,349) Other comprehensive income (loss) Net unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities (466) 84 266 (6) Comprehensive income (loss) $(8,543) $(9,953) $32,956 $(25,355) Basic net income (loss) per common share $(0.20) $(0.25) $0.80 $(0.66) Diluted net income (loss) per common share $(0.20) $(0.25) $0.78 $(0.66) Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 41,033,973 40,473,520 40,814,587 38,514,179 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 41,033,973 40,473,520 41,861,361 38,514,179   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/xencor-reports-third-quarter-2016-financial-results-300355962.html SOURCE Xencor, Inc. Related Links http://www.xencor.com Nov 11, 2016, 07:00 ET Preview: Xencor Presents Preclinical Data on XmAb20717 Dual Checkpoint Blockade and Additional Bispecific Antibody Candidates at Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC) 2016 Annual Meeting Oct 31, 2016, 08:00 ET Preview: Xencor to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 13, 2016, 09:00 ETXencor Presents Preliminary Data from an Ongoing, Open-label,... Nov 11, 2016, 07:00 ETXencor Presents Preclinical Data on XmAb20717 Dual Checkpoint... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Earnings Forecasts & Projections You just read: Xencor Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results News provided by Xencor, Inc. Nov 02, 2016, 16:01 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
null
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases Pipeline of Neutropenia Market Covering Therapeutics Under Development for H2 2016 Complete report on H2 2016 pipeline review of Neutropenia with 31 market data tables and 14 figures, spread across 93 pages is available at http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/neutropenia-pipeline-review-h2-2016-market-report.html. Neutropenia pipeline therapeutics constitutes close to 26 molecules. Out of which approximately 26 molecules are developed by Companies. The report outlays comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Neutropenia, complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. Neutropenia is an abnormally low count of neutrophils, a type of white blood cell that helps fight off infections, particularly those caused by bacteria and fungi. Signs and symptoms include fevers, frequent infections, mouth ulcers, gum infections and dysuria. The molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 5, 1, 3, 4, 9, 1 and 3 respectively. Furthermore, this report also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Neutropenia and features dormant and discontinued projects. Driven by data built using data and information sourced from proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Companies discussed in this Neutropenia Pipeline Review, H2 2016 report include Apotex Inc., BeyondSpring Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Biogenomics Limited, Cellerant Therapeutics, Inc., Cleveland BioLabs, Inc., Coherus BioSciences, Inc., Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited, Eurofarma Laboratorios S.A., Ligand Pharmaceuticals, Inc., NAL Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Prolong Pharmaceuticals, LLC, Richter Gedeon Nyrt., Sandoz International GmbH, Therapeutic Proteins International, LLC, Toko Pharmaceutical Industries Co., Ltd. and USV Pvt Ltd. Drug Profiles mentioned in this research report are ACN-8337, CBLB-612, EC-18, filgrastim, LG-7455, pegfilgrastim, pegfilgrastim (recombinant), plinabulin, romyelocel-L, ST-7 and tamibarotene. Order a copy of this report @ http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/contacts/purchase?rname=733322. Scope of this report: The report provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Neutropenia and reviews pipeline therapeutics for Neutropenia by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources and key players involved Neutropenia therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. The research covers pipeline products based on various stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. The report features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which includes, product description, descriptive MoA, R&D brief, licensing and collaboration details & other developmental activities and assesses Neutropenia therapeutics based on drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The report summarizes all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects with latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Neutropenia. Another newly published market research report titled on Varicella Zoster (HHV-3) Infections – Pipeline Review, H2 2016 provides comprehensive information on the therapeutic development for Varicella Zoster (HHV-3) Infections, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type, along with latest updates, and featured news and press releases. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Varicella Zoster (HHV-3) Infections and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. It strengthens R&D pipelines by identifying new targets and MOAs to produce first-in-class and best-in-class products. Companies Involved in Therapeutics Development are Astellas Pharma Inc., Beijing Minhai Biotechnology Co., Ltd, Beijing Tiantan Biological Products Co., Ltd., ContraVir Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Epiphany Biosciences Inc., Foamix Pharmaceuticals Ltd., GeneOne Life Science, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Green Cross Corporation, Merck & Co., Inc., N & N Pharmaceuticals Inc., NAL Pharmaceuticals Ltd., NanoViricides, Inc., ReceptoPharm, Inc., Sinovac Biotech Ltd., SK Chemicals Co., Ltd., TSRL, Inc., XBiotech Inc and Zydus Cadila Healthcare Limited. Varicella Zoster (HHV-3) Infections Pipeline market research report of 172 pages is available at http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/varicella-zoster-hhv-3-infections-pipeline-review-h2-2016-market-report.html. Explore more reports on Infectious Diseases Therapeutics. About Us:  RnRMarketResearch.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 100,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, Metropole Next to Inox theatre, Bund garden road Pune-411001 Maharashtra, India + 1 888 391 5441 sales@rnrmarketresearch.com SOURCE RnR Market Research Author ilsPosted on November 2, 2016November 2, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Le livre blanc « Un nouveau paradigme pour la fabrication de médicaments injectables » de Vanrx Pharmasystems propose un modèle de production flexible pour le 21e siècle Next Next post: A leading veterinarian shares the best tips for exotic pet care Search for: Search Recent Posts Corporate Capital Trust announces third quarter 2016 results TEAM HEALTH MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Team Health Holdings, Inc. Propel Media Reports $6.1 million of Adjusted EBITDA for the 3rd Quarter of 2016 Matrix Lanza PowerWatch, el Primer Reloj Inteligente del Mundo que Nunca Necesita Cargarse Matrix bringt PowerWatch heraus, die erste Smartwatch der Welt, die nie aufgeladen werden muss Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Advanced Search Home News Breaking News News By Subject Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavioral Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Science Business News Grants, Awards, Books Languages Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Portals Climate Change Cancer Research Marine Science   E-mail Newsletter Breaking News Science Business News Grants Awards Books E-mail Newsletter RSS Feeds Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavior Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Multimedia All multimedia Images Video Audio Search multimedia All Multimedia Search Multimedia Images Video Audio Meetings Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting: 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA More Information Portals Hello World Foo Bar Dropdown Menu Hello World Foo Bar Another Link The Last Item Climate ChangeThe latest insights into the changing climate More Cancer ResearchNew findings in cancer treatment and prevention More Marine ScienceIn-depth investigations on all things marine science More Science Agencies US Department of Energy US National Institutes of Health US National Science Foundation About About EurekAlert! For Reporters For PIOs Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! About EurekAlert! Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! For Reporters EurekAlert! provides embargoed and breaking science news you can't afford to miss.Learn more For PIOS EurekAlert! offers a one-stop science news distribution service you can trust.Learn more EurekAlert! is a service of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Login Register Public Release: 1-Nov-2016 TSRI scientists develop new toolkit for exploring protein biology Using nucleophilic probes, researchers discover a novel electrophilic protein modification Scripps Research Institute Share  Print  E-Mail IMAGE: Benjamin Cravatt is chair of TSRI's Department of Chemical Physiology. view more Credit: Biomedical Graphics LA JOLLA, CA - November 1, 2016 - Scientists at The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) have developed a broadly useful method to unmask new functional features of human proteins. Proteins carry out thousands of essential functions in cells, but their activity typically is controlled--raised or lowered, even switched on or off--by the attachment of other functional groups called modifications. When these modifications are chemically reactive, they often serve as cofactors for enzymes. Knowing how these modifications impart protein function can be essential to understanding important biological processes and diseases. In a study published online on October 31, 2016 by Nature Chemistry, TSRI scientists demonstrated new chemical probes that can be used to discover and characterize previously unknown modifications of proteins. "In our first try using these probes, we found a reactive protein modification that has never been reported before in biology--that's really exciting and suggests that there are many other reactive modifications, likely to be cofactors, awaiting discovery with these new tools," said Megan L. Matthews, first author of the study and a research associate in the laboratory of Benjamin F. Cravatt, professor and chair of the Department of Chemical Physiology at TSRI. Powerful Technique The new technique is broadly based on a research method known as "activity-based protein-profiling" (ABPP) that the Cravatt lab pioneered. It involves small-molecule probes that report on the activity states of entire enzyme classes. By capturing catalytic residues that have enhanced reactivity, the probes can also monitor whether an enzyme is in its active or inactive state. "It's a powerful technique--ABPP probes have been used to discover new enzymes, new enzyme inhibitors and new candidate drug therapies," said Matthews. ABPP probes have been used to screen proteins for enzymatic activity by forming covalent bonds with certain reactive groups called "nucleophiles," which are naturally found on the side chains of amino acids, the building blocks of proteins. In the new study, Matthews and colleagues created similar small-molecule probes that instead screen for protein "electrophiles"--which have the opposing reactivity. Strongly electrophilic sites are typically not part of a protein's amino-acid building blocks, but can be installed into proteins by other enzymes to create modified sites that confer function. The new electrophile-finding probes thus can be used to monitor and discover reactive modifications and enzyme cofactors. "There are many functional electrophiles found throughout Nature," said Matthews, "but one reason they haven't been studied until now with probes like ours is because a protein's sequence doesn't generally predict where an electrophile will be found or if one might exist." Taking Advantage of Uncertainty Matthews and her colleagues turned this uncertainty to their advantage, using the probes in living cells to mark and isolate protein electrophiles in an unbiased, catch-all manner. With the help of advanced techniques for determining the chemical structure of any protein and its modifications, the researchers were also able to study some of these electrophiles in detail and discover new aspects of how enzyme activity is controlled in the cell. In one case, they used a probe to monitor an important enzyme and drug target, AMD1, which uses a known electrophilic cofactor that effectively switches on its activity. The scientists discovered that the presence of this cofactor is, in turn, regulated by surrounding levels of yet another molecule, the amino acid methionine. In another case, they discovered a previously unknown type of protein modification, an attachment by a cluster of atoms called a glyoxylyl group. "This had never been described before in any species, but it occurs at a highly conserved site on the protein so it's probably functional--I suspect that it could represent a new class of cofactors," Matthews said. In all, the study uncovered dozens of proteins with apparent electrophiles that have never been characterized. Among them are unknown modifications to the Alzheimer's-related amyloid precursor protein, and to KEAP1, which plays a role in cancers and has been eyed as a potential drug target. Matthews is now busy following up on those and other leads. Key contributions to the research came from Lin He, who during the study was a research associate in the laboratory of TSRI Professor John R. Yates III. He and Matthews worked together to develop algorithms to predict the structure of the glyoxylyl-modified protein from the probe-based data. Erika J. Olson, a graduate student in the laboratory of Philip E. Dawson, professor in TSRI's Department of Chemistry, also provided crucial assistance in validating the newly discovered structure. ### Other co-authors of the paper, "Chemoproteomic profiling and discovery of protein electrophiles in human cells," were Benjamin D. Horning and Bruno E. Correia, all of TSRI at the time of the study. Funding for the research was provided by the National Institutes of Health (CA132630, P41 GM103533, U54 GM114833), the National Science Foundation (DGE-1346837) and a Helen Hay Whitney Foundation Postdoctoral Fellowship sponsored by Merck & Co. About The Scripps Research Institute The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) is one of the world's largest independent, not-for-profit organizations focusing on research in the biomedical sciences. TSRI is internationally recognized for its contributions to science and health, including its role in laying the foundation for new treatments for cancer, rheumatoid arthritis, hemophilia, and other diseases. An institution that evolved from the Scripps Metabolic Clinic founded by philanthropist Ellen Browning Scripps in 1924, the institute now employs more than 2,500 people on its campuses in La Jolla, CA, and Jupiter, FL, where its renowned scientists--including two Nobel laureates and 20 members of the National Academy of Science, Engineering or Medicine--work toward their next discoveries. The institute's graduate program, which awards PhD degrees in biology and chemistry, ranks among the top ten of its kind in the nation. For more information, see http://www.scripps.edu. Disclaimer: AAAS and EurekAlert! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system. Share  Print  E-Mail Media Contact Madeline McCurry-Schmidt madms@scripps.edu 858-784-9254  @scrippsresearch http://www.scripps.edu  More on this News Release TSRI scientists develop new toolkit for exploring protein biology Scripps Research Institute Journal Nature Chemistry Funder National Institutes of Health, National Science Foundation, Helen Hay Whitney Foundation, Merck & Co Keywords ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE BIOCHEMISTRY BIOCHEMISTRY BIOLOGY BIOTECHNOLOGY CANCER CELL BIOLOGY MEDICINE/HEALTH MOLECULAR BIOLOGY Multimedia Benjamin Cravatt, Scripps Research Institute (IMAGE) view more  Megan L. Matthews, Scripps Research Institute (IMAGE) view more  Related Journal Article http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchem.2645 More in Medicine & Health The war on drugs has failed and doctors should lead calls for change, says The BMJ BMJ Study: Compound suggests pain treatment without opioid or medical marijuana side effects Indiana University Patients not attached to new primary care practices receive lower quality care St. Michael's Hospital November/December 2016 Annals of Family Medicine tip sheet American Academy of Family Physicians View all Medicine & Health news  Trending Science News 'Back to the Future' inspires solar nanotech-powered clothing University of Central Florida Canadian and European boreal forests differ but neither is immune to climate change University of Toronto Immune system uses gut bacteria to control glucose metabolism Oregon State University Brain training can help in fight against dementia: Meta-analysis University of Sydney View all latest news  Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) Breaking News RSS Feed All EurekAlert! RSS Feeds @EurekAlertAAAS facebook.com/EurekAlert Help / FAQ Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact EurekAlert! Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)




Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Natural disasters impact brain growth, behaviour: Book IANS | Kolkata Nov 01, 2016 03:50 PM IST Exposure to severe hurricanes during pregnancy enhances the risk of the unborn foetus to develop autism, according to New Zealand's Victoria University of Wellington researchers, who have shed light on gene-environment interactions in a new book. In the book "Gene-Environment Interactions in Psychiatry: Nature, Nurture, Neuroscience", Bart Ellenbroek and Jiun Youn from Victoria's School of Psychology say genes are not the only factor that make people more vulnerable to developing a brain disorder. Gene-environment interactions are usually studied in relation to "rapid" environmental events, which generally induce substantial trauma, says Ellenbroek. "For instance, there are multiple studies on the influence of natural disasters on the development of brain and behaviour. To give one example, which is described in the book, there is evidence that exposure to severe hurricanes during pregnancy enhances the risk of the unborn foetus to develop autism," Ellenbroek told IANS via email. "Moreover, the influence of the hurricane depends on when it occurs during pregnancy, with the period in the middle of pregnancy (weeks 17-24) having a much higher risk than before or after that," he said. However, Ellenbroek says, since climate change is a slow process, he does not expect it to have a strong influence on the developing brain. The book also delves into the linkages between social behaviour and social communication with regard to brain disorders. "The link is very strong. Virtually all psychiatric disorders (schizophrenia, depression, anxiety, autism, ADHD) are associated with deficits in social behaviour and social communication. The same can be said for other aspects of behaviour as well, such as emotional instability," said Ellenbroek, who leads the Behavioural Neurogenetics lab at the varsity. In fact, in the final chapter of the book, the authors have argued that it is "much more important to focus on such 'global' symptoms than on specific brain disorders, as there is a lot of co-occurrence and overlap between different psychiatric disorders". The book has been published by Academic Press, an imprint of Elsevier Ellenbroek also highlights the gender bias in psychiatric disorders. "Although there is still a lot of research that needs to be done, there is a lot of evidence that psychiatric disorders have a gender bias. For instance, depression and anxiety disorders are much more common in females, while autism is more common in males," he said. He points out many pharmaceutical companies, such as Novartis, Merck, GlaxoSmithKline and AstraZeneca, have all withdrawn (or at least reduced) research in brain disorders. "The main reason for this is that pharmaceutical research is very costly, and the success rate for drugs in the neuroscience area has been much lower than in other areas (such as dermatology or heart disease)," he added. --IANS sgh/nir/vt Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Here's how PM Modi plans to hunt down benami property holders Donald Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants What is Benami Property? All your questions answered Two bank employees booked for exchanging Rs 6 lakh without ID Banks shut today, ATMs open, withdraw Rs 2500 a day: Top developments More From Current Affairs Green Day member hates fans with phones at gigs US dollar rallies on rate-hike expectations Ariel Winter holidays with Levi Meaden in Mexico US stocks trade mixed Kendall Jenner deletes Instagram account [ more ] Top Stories Ratan Tata, Cyrus Mistry to face each other this week Normalcy by month-end, says SBI chief Arundhati Bhattachaya Govt waives e-transaction, ATM fee to beat cash crunch Tata Motors: Mistry fails to get full backing OMCs report strong gross refining margin for September quarter [ more ] Markets Windfall for MFs, demonetisation could bring up to Rs 16 lakh-crore Demonetisation last straw for jewellery firms Corporation Bank net profit up 9% at Rs 206 crore Gold hits 5-month low on strong dollar, Treasury yields There has to be a time limit for motor insurance claims: Bhargav Dasgupta [ more ] Companies Chit funds, private money lenders feel the heat Ratan Tata, Cyrus Mistry to face each other this week Tata Motors: Mistry fails to get full backing OMCs report strong gross refining margin for September quarter Rise and fall of CA-turned-businessman Pawan Ruia [ more ] Opinion Street Food: Nusli's Tata connection Strong profit points to more gains for Hindalco Bhel turnaround story gathers momentum Going cashless Flip-flop Gandhi [ more ] Latest News Hate crimes against Muslims up by 67% in 2015, says FBI Demonetisation ended sponsor terror, stone-pelting: Manohar Parrikar Chicago and other US cities, pledge sanctuary for immigrants Roll back demonetisation or face roll back yourself, warns Shiv Sena Chit funds, private money lenders feel the heat [ more ] Today's Paper Ratan Tata, Cyrus Mistry to face each other this week Normalcy by month-end, says SBI chief Arundhati Bhattachaya Govt waives e-transaction, ATM fee to beat cash crunch Tata Motors: Mistry fails to get full backing BJP pushes FM for tax relief in Budget [ more ] News you can use Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate Free lounge access, movie tickets and more: Credit cards offer benefits but don't miss the caveats Home gym in your budget Getting justice in cyber crime is difficult [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TJ6jhc Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Home Travel Astrology Maps Photos Games Videos Education Recipes Home Travel Astrology Maps Photos Games Self Help Education Recipes Home  »  News  »  Health News  »  Natural disasters impact brain growth, behaviour: Book Natural disasters impact brain growth, behaviour: Book 14 days ago 01-11-2016 IANS NK Health, Kolkata, Nov 1 : Exposure to severe hurricanes during pregnancy enhances the risk of the unborn foetus to develop autism, according to New Zealand's Victoria University of Wellington researchers, who have shed light on gene-environment interactions in a new book. In the book "Gene-Environment Interactions in Psychiatry: Nature, Nurture, Neuroscience", Bart Ellenbroek and Jiun Youn from Victoria's School of Psychology say genes are not the only factor that make people more vulnerable to developing a brain disorder. Gene-environment interactions are usually studied in relation to "rapid" environmental events, which generally induce substantial trauma, says Ellenbroek. "For instance, there are multiple studies on the influence of natural disasters on the development of brain and behaviour. To give one example, which is described in the book, there is evidence that exposure to severe hurricanes during pregnancy enhances the risk of the unborn foetus to develop autism," Ellenbroek told IANS via email. "Moreover, the influence of the hurricane depends on when it occurs during pregnancy, with the period in the middle of pregnancy (weeks 17-24) having a much higher risk than before or after that," he said. However, Ellenbroek says, since climate change is a slow process, he does not expect it to have a strong influence on the developing brain. The book also delves into the linkages between social behaviour and social communication with regard to brain disorders. "The link is very strong. Virtually all psychiatric disorders (schizophrenia, depression, anxiety, autism, ADHD) are associated with deficits in social behaviour and social communication. The same can be said for other aspects of behaviour as well, such as emotional instability," said Ellenbroek, who leads the Behavioural Neurogenetics lab at the varsity. In fact, in the final chapter of the book, the authors have argued that it is "much more important to focus on such 'global' symptoms than on specific brain disorders, as there is a lot of co-occurrence and overlap between different psychiatric disorders". The book has been published by Academic Press, an imprint of Elsevier Ellenbroek also highlights the gender bias in psychiatric disorders. "Although there is still a lot of research that needs to be done, there is a lot of evidence that psychiatric disorders have a gender bias. For instance, depression and anxiety disorders are much more common in females, while autism is more common in males," he said. He points out many pharmaceutical companies, such as Novartis, Merck, GlaxoSmithKline and AstraZeneca, have all withdrawn (or at least reduced) research in brain disorders. "The main reason for this is that pharmaceutical research is very costly, and the success rate for drugs in the neuroscience area has been much lower than in other areas (such as dermatology or heart disease)," he added. sgh/nir/vt Share it ! : Natural disasters impact brain growth, behaviour: Book Read Health News Headlines Previous News Next News Submit Comments RSS Feeds News Channels World News India News Kerala News Cricket News Health News Literature News Sports News Technology News Special Features Business News Computer News Education News Travel News Regional News Andhra Pradesh Gujarat Kerala Karnataka Maharashtra Orissa Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu West Bengal More India News Middle East UK News US News Entertainment News Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Fashion News Tamil Cinema Telugu Cinema Kannada Cinema Malayalam Cinema Best of NK Maps Travel Info Games Education Self Help Recipes Names Astrology Photo Gallery Recent Popular Random Putin, Trump vow joint efforts to normalise ties Green Day member hates fans with phones at gigs US dollar rallies on rate-hike expectations Ariel Winter holidays with Levi Meaden in Mexico US stocks trade mixed Kendall Jenner deletes Instagram account Scientists discover details about dinosaur-era birds' feather Pesticide exposure leads to changes in oral microbiome: Study Crowd workers help robot be more expressive Competitive male species adapt faster to climate change Surgical robots won't replace surgeons: Experts Even physicists avoid theories crammed with mathematics Fit in or stand out? Successful employee balances both Indian women say it takes two to raise happy, healthy baby Brave winter with easy skin care tips Pop of colours, tassels must for ballerina shoes this season Bullying in school leads to obesity in adult age Seven foods to keep bride-to-be healthy and radiant © 2001-2016 NEWKERALA.COM All Rights Reserved. Unauthorised use of any content from this website is strictly prohibited. | CONTACT US
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Natural disasters impact brain growth, behaviour: Book Natural disasters impact brain growth, behaviour: Book Source : Last Updated: Tue, Nov 01, 2016 16:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print Kolkata, Nov 1 (IANS) Exposure to severe hurricanes during pregnancy enhances the risk of the unborn foetus to develop autism, according to New Zealand's Victoria University of Wellington researchers, who have shed light on gene-environment interactions in a new book. In the book "Gene-Environment Interactions in Psychiatry: Nature, Nurture, Neuroscience", Bart Ellenbroek and Jiun Youn from Victoria's School of Psychology say genes are not the only factor that make people more vulnerable to developing a brain disorder. Gene-environment interactions are usually studied in relation to "rapid" environmental events, which generally induce substantial trauma, says Ellenbroek. "For instance, there are multiple studies on the influence of natural disasters on the development of brain and behaviour. To give one example, which is described in the book, there is evidence that exposure to severe hurricanes during pregnancy enhances the risk of the unborn foetus to develop autism," Ellenbroek told IANS via email. "Moreover, the influence of the hurricane depends on when it occurs during pregnancy, with the period in the middle of pregnancy (weeks 17-24) having a much higher risk than before or after that," he said. However, Ellenbroek says, since climate change is a slow process, he does not expect it to have a strong influence on the developing brain. The book also delves into the linkages between social behaviour and social communication with regard to brain disorders. "The link is very strong. Virtually all psychiatric disorders (schizophrenia, depression, anxiety, autism, ADHD) are associated with deficits in social behaviour and social communication. The same can be said for other aspects of behaviour as well, such as emotional instability," said Ellenbroek, who leads the Behavioural Neurogenetics lab at the varsity. In fact, in the final chapter of the book, the authors have argued that it is "much more important to focus on such 'global' symptoms than on specific brain disorders, as there is a lot of co-occurrence and overlap between different psychiatric disorders". The book has been published by Academic Press, an imprint of Elsevier Ellenbroek also highlights the gender bias in psychiatric disorders. "Although there is still a lot of research that needs to be done, there is a lot of evidence that psychiatric disorders have a gender bias. For instance, depression and anxiety disorders are much more common in females, while autism is more common in males," he said. He points out many pharmaceutical companies, such as Novartis, Merck, GlaxoSmithKline and AstraZeneca, have all withdrawn (or at least reduced) research in brain disorders. "The main reason for this is that pharmaceutical research is very costly, and the success rate for drugs in the neuroscience area has been much lower than in other areas (such as dermatology or heart disease)," he added. --IANS sgh/nir/vt SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
The Spokesman-Review Menu Log in Register Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review Home News Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Blogs Classifieds LocalRegionalIdahoNation/WorldVoices Business Health Elections Today's News Archives E-Edition Data Projects Local Guides Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Births Announcements Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Sitemap » OpinionLetters Features HomeFoodHealthBoomer U Spokane7.com Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Local area guides Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Sports HomeSportslink Blog High School Sports Outdoors EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Basketball WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Blog Home Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Weddings Birthdays/Anniversaries GoShopping FEATURED » Reader photos S-R Election Center S-R Podcast WSU football Menu Search Contact Contact Mon., Nov. 14, 2016 53˚ Features Irma Hendricks, right, has blood drawn at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, on Oct. 6, 2016. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (Jessica Kourkounis / Associated Press) TUESDAY, NOV. 1, 2016 Worth it? A faster transplant but a kidney with hepatitis C By Lauran Neergaard Associated Press Twitter Facebook Email Reddit WASHINGTON – A bold experiment is giving some patients a chance at cutting years off their wait for a kidney transplant if they agree to a drastic-sounding option – getting an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Betting on new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C, two leading transplant centers aim to use organs that today go to waste, a bid to put a dent in the nation’s long transplant waiting list. Pilot studies are underway at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don’t already have that virus. If the groundbreaking research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys – and maybe some hearts and lungs, too – could be transplanted every year. “We always dreaded hepatitis C,” said Dr. Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research. “But now hepatitis C is just a different disease,” enough to consider what he calls the trade-off of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It’s a trade-off prompted by an organ shortage. More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list, but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and 4 percent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). “If we had enough organs, we wouldn’t do this,” said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study. But, Desai said, “most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are.” Doctors had told 66-year-old Irma Hendricks of East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant. Dialysis three times a week was keeping her alive, but leaving her with no energy for even routine activities. “I call it the zombie syndrome,” she said. She jumped at the chance to enroll in Penn’s study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn’t guarantee a hepatitis cure. “My son said, ‘Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,’ ” Hendricks said. She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. With her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. “This is giving people in my situation new hope,” Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. “It makes sense to me,” said Dr. Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital who is not involved in the research. He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high quality, and that patients must understand the risks. “They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority,” Cooper said. “But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don’t want people to die on dialysis, and there are not enough organs available for everybody.” Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone’s liver. At least 2.7 million people in the United States have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates. Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 percent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects – for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it’s rare, said Dr. David Klassen, UNOS’ chief medical officer. UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn’t survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs. Reese and fellow Penn physician Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 percent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted. The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. The opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses – typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step. Much larger studies are needed to prove whether more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question. Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment. That’s still cheaper than a lifetime of dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS’ Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, “I don’t think there’s any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn’t want to try it in other organs,” Penn’s Goldberg noted. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is “desperate for more donors,” cautioned Hopkins’ Desai. “It’s a practical solution to help some of the people. It won’t solve the problem.” Associated Press writer Michael Rubinkam in northeastern Pennsylvania contributed to this report. Published: Nov. 1, 2016, midnight  Tags: health, Hepatitis C, kidney, transplant Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Unlimited Digital Access Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2016, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Close Sections Home News Local News Regional News Idaho News Nation/World Business Community Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Features Features Home  Food Health Boomer U Spokane 7 Entertainment Calendar On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Movie Showtimes Contests Sports Sports Home  Outdoors Sportslink Blog Gonzaga Basketball High School Sports WSU Cougar Basketball EWU Eagles Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire GU Board EWU Eagles Football WSU Cougar Football Spokane Indians Blogs Blogs Home  Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Obituaries Classifieds Homes Jobs Autos Weddings GoShopping E-Edition Sitemap Profile Log in Create account Customer Service Close Contact the Spokesman Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 Back to Spokesman Mobile
