Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Dr. John H. Noseworthy Nominated to Stand for Election to Merck Board of Directors KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that Dr. John H. Noseworthy, president and chief executive officer of Mayo Clinic, has been nominated to stand for election to the company’s board of directors. The annual election of Dr. Noseworthy and the other directors will take place in connection with Merck’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 23, 2017. With the proposed addition of Dr. Noseworthy, and the planned retirement of C. Robert Kidder, the Merck board will include 13 members. “We are pleased to nominate Dr. John Noseworthy to stand for election to the Merck board and look forward to benefiting from his first-hand insights about patient care and health care delivery as a leader of one of the largest non-profit health systems in the United States,” said Kenneth C. Frazier, chairman and chief executive officer, Merck. Dr. John H. Noseworthy is president and chief executive officer of Mayo Clinic, a not-for-profit organization operating in five states that is dedicated to medical care, research and education. Prior to his current appointment, he served as chair of Mayo Clinic’s Department of Neurology, medical director of the Department of Development, and vice chair of the Mayo Clinic Rochester Executive Board. Dr. Noseworthy is a professor in the Department of Neurology and served as editor-in-chief for Neurology, the official journal of the American Academy of Neurology. Dr. Noseworthy earned his medical degree from Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. He completed his neurology training at Dalhousie University and the University of Western Ontario, and a research fellowship at Harvard Medical School. He has received the Alumnus of the Year award from Dalhousie University, an honorary doctorate of science degree from the University of Western Ontario, and an honorary doctorate of laws from Dalhousie University. He also is a Health Governor of the World Economic Forum. About Merck For over a century, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cambridge Automotive Group Opens New Maaco Location in Kingman, Arizona Next PostNext Statement by Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis on the U.S. Military Response to the Syrian Government’s Use of Chemical Weapons Search Recent Posts Image Recognition Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Global Ozone Therapy Units Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Global Thermal Spray Market Is Estimated To Grow At a CAGR 7.79% Dazzling Start to Decade Celebrations of BK Birla Institute Pilani BASANT Rituraj of College Fests in Rajasthan Increasing Demand of Sports & Fitness Nutrition Products Propelling the Industry Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Dr. John H. Noseworthy Nominated to Stand for Election to Merck Board of Directors KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that Dr. John H. Noseworthy, president and chief executive officer of Mayo Clinic, has been nominated to stand for election to the company’s board of directors. The annual election of Dr. Noseworthy and the other directors will take place in connection with Merck’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 23, 2017. With the proposed addition of Dr. Noseworthy, and the planned retirement of C. Robert Kidder, the Merck board will include 13 members. “We are pleased to nominate Dr. John Noseworthy to stand for election to the Merck board and look forward to benefiting from his first-hand insights about patient care and health care delivery as a leader of one of the largest non-profit health systems in the United States,” said Kenneth C. Frazier, chairman and chief executive officer, Merck. Dr. John H. Noseworthy is president and chief executive officer of Mayo Clinic, a not-for-profit organization operating in five states that is dedicated to medical care, research and education. Prior to his current appointment, he served as chair of Mayo Clinic’s Department of Neurology, medical director of the Department of Development, and vice chair of the Mayo Clinic Rochester Executive Board. Dr. Noseworthy is a professor in the Department of Neurology and served as editor-in-chief for Neurology, the official journal of the American Academy of Neurology. Dr. Noseworthy earned his medical degree from Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. He completed his neurology training at Dalhousie University and the University of Western Ontario, and a research fellowship at Harvard Medical School. He has received the Alumnus of the Year award from Dalhousie University, an honorary doctorate of science degree from the University of Western Ontario, and an honorary doctorate of laws from Dalhousie University. He also is a Health Governor of the World Economic Forum. About Merck For over a century, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Drilling Waste Management Market Outlook 2021: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications Next PostNext Regions Bank Names Amala Duggirala as Enterprise Chief Information Officer Search Recent Posts General Communication, Inc. (GNCMB: OTCQX U.S. Premier) | GCI to Announce First Quarter 2017 Earnings Polymers in Medical Devices Market: Study Applications, Types and Market Analysis including Growth, Trends and Forecasts to 2021 Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Spectrometer (NMR) Market: Study Applications, Types and Market Analysis including Growth, Trends and Forecasts to 2021 Power Banks Market: Study Applications, Types and Market Analysis including Growth, Trends and Forecasts to 2021 Rosuvastatin Calcium Market Driving Factors, Industry Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends, Outlook -2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,658 +1.92 +0.01% Nasdaq 5,881 +3.11 +0.05% S&P 500 2,357 +1.62 +0.07% 3:03 A.M. ET LVMH shares rise 2% after sales rise 15% 3:01 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.4% lower at 12,147.96 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.5% lower at 5,081.11 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,333.81 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 380.14 2:17 A.M. ET HSBC hits Huishan Dairy with default claim 2:16 A.M. ET Australia business conditions at best since crisis 2:16 A.M. ET JD Sports full-year profit up 56% despite Brexit 2:15 A.M. ET Qualcomm hits back at Apple in legal battle 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers price target lifted to $43 from $37: RBC Capital 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers lifted to outperform from sector perform: RBC Capital 1:23 A.M. ET 'Competitive concerns over Yelp's relevance are overdone': Pacific Crest 1:23 A.M. ET Yelp lifted to overweight from sector weight, $43 price target: Pacific Crest 1:19 A.M. ET Oil prices steady after a 5-day winning streak 4/10 Qualcomm says Apple would be nothing without its technology 4/10 Commodity gains boost Asian markets, offsetting geopolitical worries 4/10 Updated Judge rules Texas voter ID law discriminatory, again 4/10 Updated Alabama governor’s wife discovered affair on iCloud account 4/10 U.S. says Russian master of malware arrested in Spain 4/10 Updated U.S. takes hard line on Syria as Tillerson meets with G-7 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Merck Manuals Survey: Medical Students Turn to Google, Medical Websites before Textbooks By Published: Apr 10, 2017 8:03 a.m. ET Share Students Navigate Credibility, Fake News in their Studies KENILWORTH, N.J., April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The next generation of physicians was raised with information at their fingertips, yet studying medicine in the age of Google Search comes with its own set of unique challenges. To uncover how the habits, preferences and tendencies of medical and pre-medical students have been shaped by growing up in the digital era, the Merck Manuals surveyed 180 students at the American Medical Student Association (AMSA) Annual Convention in February. The survey found that 68 percent of students received their first cell phone by the time they were 14 years old. For many students, that's before they enter high school. And online tools have become ingrained into their study habits. Nearly one in three (30 percent) said they go online or use a mobile device to search for medical information more than 20 times per day. "We live in a high-speed world," said David, student from Hillsborough Community College in Florida. "In the time it takes me to walk through a library door, I could have already downloaded exactly what I needed on my phone." Students were also asked to rank their preferred sources of medical information. For their first choice, 47 percent picked Google and 32 percent chose a medical website–often those that appeared in the Google results. Only 7 percent turned first to their textbook. Yet students admit the internet can be a minefield when it comes to finding reliable information. Eighty-three percent said confirming the credibility of an online source is one of the primary obstacles they face while searching for medical information online. Other hurdles students say they encounter include pay walls (39 percent), the recent surge in fake news (32 percent), and an overabundance of ads (24 percent). Nearly all students surveyed (99 percent) affirmed that growing up in the digital age has impacted their medical education. When asked how: 58 percent said they can more efficiently look up answers to questions 19 percent said they can study anywhere, anytime 13 percent believe they can more quickly adopt new technologies. However, nine percent of students indicated that technology is primarily a distraction, calling attention to an important dynamic for many students. Yet many students are actually using social media as a gateway to more visually compelling medical content. Forty-five percent of students said they have found YouTube a valuable resource for more visually compelling medical content. "New technologies have transformed how students learn and train for their careers as physicians," said Robert S. Porter, M.D., Merck Manuals Editor-in-Chief. "But as our survey found, these students must navigate a changing and challenging digital world to find reliable information in the best format to meet their needs. It's important for providers of medical information to deliver on those needs to truly impact medical education and student growth for the future." About The Merck ManualsFirst published in 1899 as a small reference book for physicians and pharmacists, The Merck Manual grew in size and scope to become one of the world's most widely used comprehensive medical resources for professionals and consumers. As The Manual evolved, it continually expanded the reach and depth of its offerings to reflect the mission of providing the best medical information to a wide cross-section of users, including medical professionals and students, veterinarians and veterinary students, and consumers. In 2015, The Merck Manual kicked off Global Medical Knowledge 2020, a program to make the best current medical information accessible by up to three billion professionals and patients around the world by 2020. For access to thousands of medical topics with images, videos and a constantly expanding set of resources, visit MerckManuals.com and connect with us on social media: For Consumers in the U.S. and its territories: Twitter and Facebook For Professionals in the U.S. and its territories: Twitter and Facebook MethodologyThe survey of 180 medical and pre-medical students was conducted at the American Medical Student Association (AMSA) Annual Convention in February 2017. For details on survey methodology, please contact Jamie Kloss at jamie@gobraithwaite.com. Learn more at MerckManuals.com. About MerckFor over a century, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-manuals-survey-medical-students-turn-to-google-medical-websites-before-textbooks-300436736.html SOURCE MerckManuals.com Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular What United should have done in response to that video of a man being violently pulled off a flight Positive buzz sends first marijuana ETF sharply higher in early days of trading Why you, too, could get dragged off a plane if the airline overbooks your flight ‘Re-accommodate’ is United’s euphemism for forcibly dragging passenger off an airplane Can employers solve the student-loan crisis? MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Merck Manuals Survey: Medical Students Turn to Google, Medical Websites before Textbooks KENILWORTH, N.J., April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The next generation of physicians was raised with information at their fingertips, yet studying medicine in the age of Google Search comes with its own set of unique challenges. To uncover how the habits, preferences and tendencies of medical and pre-medical students have been shaped by growing up in the digital era, the Merck Manuals surveyed 180 students at the American Medical Student Association (AMSA) Annual Convention in February. The survey found that 68 percent of students received their first cell phone by the time they were 14 years old. For many students, that’s before they enter high school. And online tools have become ingrained into their study habits. Nearly one in three (30 percent) said they go online or use a mobile device to search for medical information more than 20 times per day. „We live in a high-speed world,” said David, student from Hillsborough Community College in Florida. „In the time it takes me to walk through a library door, I could have already downloaded exactly what I needed on my phone.” Students were also asked to rank their preferred sources of medical information. For their first choice, 47 percent picked Google and 32 percent chose a medical website–often those that appeared in the Google results. Only 7 percent turned first to their textbook. Yet students admit the internet can be a minefield when it comes to finding reliable information. Eighty-three percent said confirming the credibility of an online source is one of the primary obstacles they face while searching for medical information online. Other hurdles students say they encounter include pay walls (39 percent), the recent surge in fake news (32 percent), and an overabundance of ads (24 percent). Nearly all students surveyed (99 percent) affirmed that growing up in the digital age has impacted their medical education. When asked how: However, nine percent of students indicated that technology is primarily a distraction, calling attention to an important dynamic for many students. Yet many students are actually using social media as a gateway to more visually compelling medical content. Forty-five percent of students said they have found YouTube a valuable resource for more visually compelling medical content. „New technologies have transformed how students learn and train for their careers as physicians,” said Robert S. Porter, M.D., Merck Manuals Editor-in-Chief. „But as our survey found, these students must navigate a changing and challenging digital world to find reliable information in the best format to meet their needs. It’s important for providers of medical information to deliver on those needs to truly impact medical education and student growth for the future.” About The Merck Manuals First published in 1899 as a small reference book for physicians and pharmacists, The Merck Manual grew in size and scope to become one of the world’s most widely used comprehensive medical resources for professionals and consumers. As The Manual evolved, it continually expanded the reach and depth of its offerings to reflect the mission of providing the best medical information to a wide cross-section of users, including medical professionals and students, veterinarians and veterinary students, and consumers. In 2015, The Merck Manual kicked off Global Medical Knowledge 2020, a program to make the best current medical information accessible by up to three billion professionals and patients around the world by 2020. For access to thousands of medical topics with images, videos and a constantly expanding set of resources, visit MerckManuals.com and connect with us on social media: For Consumers in the U.S. and its territories: Twitter and Facebook For Professionals in the U.S. and its territories: Twitter and Facebook Methodology The survey of 180 medical and pre-medical students was conducted at the American Medical Student Association (AMSA) Annual Convention in February 2017. For details on survey methodology, please contact Jamie Kloss at jamie@gobraithwaite.com. Learn more at MerckManuals.com. About Merck For over a century, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. SOURCE MerckManuals.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Helicopter Blades Market by Technology, Application & Geography – Analysis & Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Hospital Pharmaceuticals Market: Demand from Oncology Segment to Surge in Response to Increasing Incidence of Cancer Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Drug Makers Stocks on Investors’ Radar — Pfizer, Merck, Johnson & Johnson, and AbbVie NEW YORK, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Companies in the Drug Manufacturers space manufacture and process pharmaceutical products. Large companies benefit from their economies of scale in research, manufacturing, and marketing. Today, Stock-Callers.com takes a closer look at four major industry players: Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE), Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), and AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV). Learn more about these stocks by downloading their comprehensive and free reports at: http://stock-callers.com/registration Pfizer   New York headquartered Pfizer Inc.'s shares finished Friday's session 0.03% lower at $34.10. A total volume of 13.95 million shares was traded. The stock has gained 0.15% in the last month, 2.89% over the previous three months, and 6.06% on an YTD basis. The Company's shares are trading above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 1.72% and 2.89%, respectively. Moreover, shares of Pfizer, which discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells healthcare products worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 53.80. On March 31st, 2017, Pfizer announced that the US Food FDA has approved a supplemental New Drug Application for its first-in-class cyclin dependent kinase 4/6 (CDK 4/6) inhibitor, IBRANCE® (palbociclib), based on the results from the confirmatory Phase 3 trial PALOMA-2. The FDA action converts the accelerated approval of IBRANCE to regular approval, and broadens the range of anti-hormonal therapy that may be administered with IBRANCE. PFE complete research report is just a click away and free at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=PFE Merck   Shares in Kenilworth, New Jersey headquartered Merck & Co. Inc. ended the day 0.17% lower at $63.13 with a total trading volume of 7.71 million shares. The stock has advanced 5.50% in the previous three months and 8.01% since the start of this year. The Company's shares are trading 3.34% above their 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of Merck, which provides healthcare solutions worldwide, have an RSI of 38.79. On April 07th, 2017, Merck & Co. announced that the US FDA has issued a Complete Response Letter regarding the Company's Supplemental New Drug Applications for JANUVIA® (sitagliptin), JANUMET® (sitagliptin and metformin HCl), and JANUMET XR® (sitagliptin and metformin HCl extended-release). With these applications, Merck is seeking to include data from TECOS (Trial Evaluating Cardiovascular Outcomes with Sitagliptin) in the prescribing information of sitagliptin-containing medicines. The complimentary report on MRK can be downloaded at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=MRK Johnson & Johnson   New Brunswick, New Jersey-based Johnson & Johnson's stock declined 0.10%, closing the session at $124.92. A total volume of 3.61 million shares was traded. The Company's shares have gained 8.12% in the previous three months and 9.15% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 3.19% above its 50-day moving average and 6.22% above its 200-day moving average. Additionally, shares of Johnson & Johnson, which together with its subsidiaries, researches and develops, manufactures, and sells various products in the health care field worldwide, have an RSI of 59.44. On March 21st, 2017, Johnson & Johnson announced that it will host a conference call for investors at 8:30 a.m. ET on Tuesday, April 18th, 2017, to review first-quarter results.  Dominic Caruso, Vice President, Finance and CFO, and Joseph J. Wolk, Vice President, Investor Relations, will host the call. The webcast is accessible on the Company's website. Sign up for your complimentary research report on JNJ at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=JNJ AbbVie   On Friday, shares in North Chicago, Illinois-based AbbVie Inc. finished the session 0.71% higher at $65.54. A total volume of 5.41 million shares was traded. The stock has gained 1.61% in the last month, 3.78% over the previous three months, and 5.72% on an YTD basis. The Company's shares are trading above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 3.60% and 5.45%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of AbbVie, which discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells pharmaceutical products worldwide, have an RSI of 61.31. On March 22nd, 2017, research firm Societe Generale upgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Sell' to 'Hold'. On April 07th, 2017, AbbVie announced detailed results from a Phase-2b clinical trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of elagolix alone or in combination with add-back therapy (estradiol/norethindrone acetate) compared to placebo. The data demonstrated that elagolix, with and without add-back therapy, met the primary efficacy endpoint of reduced heavy menstrual bleeding as compared to placebo. Get free access to your research report on ABBV at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=ABBV Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number:  +44-330-808-3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth Care/Hospitals, Investments Opinions, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Analysis of Phycobiliprotein Manufacturers Next PostNext IoT Network, Systems, and Operations Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast 2022 – Market Research Report 2017 Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Drug Makers Stocks on Investors’ Radar — Pfizer, Merck, Johnson & Johnson, and AbbVie NEW YORK, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Companies in the Drug Manufacturers space manufacture and process pharmaceutical products. Large companies benefit from their economies of scale in research, manufacturing, and marketing. Today, Stock-Callers.com takes a closer look at four major industry players: Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE), Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), and AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV). Learn more about these stocks by downloading their comprehensive and free reports at: http://stock-callers.com/registration Pfizer   New York headquartered Pfizer Inc.’s shares finished Friday’s session 0.03% lower at $34.10. A total volume of 13.95 million shares was traded. The stock has gained 0.15% in the last month, 2.89% over the previous three months, and 6.06% on an YTD basis. The Company’s shares are trading above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 1.72% and 2.89%, respectively. Moreover, shares of Pfizer, which discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells healthcare products worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 53.80. On March 31st, 2017, Pfizer announced that the US Food FDA has approved a supplemental New Drug Application for its first-in-class cyclin dependent kinase 4/6 (CDK 4/6) inhibitor, IBRANCE® (palbociclib), based on the results from the confirmatory Phase 3 trial PALOMA-2. The FDA action converts the accelerated approval of IBRANCE to regular approval, and broadens the range of anti-hormonal therapy that may be administered with IBRANCE. PFE complete research report is just a click away and free at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=PFE Merck   Shares in Kenilworth, New Jersey headquartered Merck & Co. Inc. ended the day 0.17% lower at $63.13 with a total trading volume of 7.71 million shares. The stock has advanced 5.50% in the previous three months and 8.01% since the start of this year. The Company’s shares are trading 3.34% above their 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of Merck, which provides healthcare solutions worldwide, have an RSI of 38.79. On April 07th, 2017, Merck & Co. announced that the US FDA has issued a Complete Response Letter regarding the Company’s Supplemental New Drug Applications for JANUVIA® (sitagliptin), JANUMET® (sitagliptin and metformin HCl), and JANUMET XR® (sitagliptin and metformin HCl extended-release). With these applications, Merck is seeking to include data from TECOS (Trial Evaluating Cardiovascular Outcomes with Sitagliptin) in the prescribing information of sitagliptin-containing medicines. The complimentary report on MRK can be downloaded at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=MRK Johnson & Johnson   New Brunswick, New Jersey-based Johnson & Johnson’s stock declined 0.10%, closing the session at $124.92. A total volume of 3.61 million shares was traded. The Company’s shares have gained 8.12% in the previous three months and 9.15% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 3.19% above its 50-day moving average and 6.22% above its 200-day moving average. Additionally, shares of Johnson & Johnson, which together with its subsidiaries, researches and develops, manufactures, and sells various products in the health care field worldwide, have an RSI of 59.44. On March 21st, 2017, Johnson & Johnson announced that it will host a conference call for investors at 8:30 a.m. ET on Tuesday, April 18th, 2017, to review first-quarter results.  Dominic Caruso, Vice President, Finance and CFO, and Joseph J. Wolk, Vice President, Investor Relations, will host the call. The webcast is accessible on the Company’s website. Sign up for your complimentary research report on JNJ at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=JNJ AbbVie   On Friday, shares in North Chicago, Illinois-based AbbVie Inc. finished the session 0.71% higher at $65.54. A total volume of 5.41 million shares was traded. The stock has gained 1.61% in the last month, 3.78% over the previous three months, and 5.72% on an YTD basis. The Company’s shares are trading above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 3.60% and 5.45%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of AbbVie, which discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells pharmaceutical products worldwide, have an RSI of 61.31. On March 22nd, 2017, research firm Societe Generale upgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‚Sell’ to ‚Hold’. On April 07th, 2017, AbbVie announced detailed results from a Phase-2b clinical trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of elagolix alone or in combination with add-back therapy (estradiol/norethindrone acetate) compared to placebo. The data demonstrated that elagolix, with and without add-back therapy, met the primary efficacy endpoint of reduced heavy menstrual bleeding as compared to placebo. Get free access to your research report on ABBV at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=ABBV Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the „Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the „Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the „Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you‚re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number:  +44-330-808-3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA CategoriesUncategorized TagsInvestments Opinions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Global Smart Railways System Sales Market Report Emerging Trends and Analysis Next PostNext Research Reports on Food Equities — Kraft Heinz, Lamb Weston, Pilgrim’s Pride, and Blue Buffalo Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
blog news articles page Contact us FREE School Bullies FREE School Bullies articles Oregon state university essay questions American Indians of the Pacific Northwest Collection Date: 2017-04-10 22:10 More videos «Oregon state university essay questions» Portland Radar | Weather Oregon State University: Section III -- Philosophical Online Colleges in Oregon: The Best Online Schools of 2017 There are approximately 6555 students enrolled all working toward an Honors Baccalaureate degree in their academic major. The HC offers the benefits of small classes, a residence hall option, student learning centers and personal advising with the research and involvement opportunities of OSU. Demand for entrance into the HC is high and competition strong. We evaluate applicants not only on their academic accomplishments, but also on their level of writing, while considering coursework, extra-curricular activities, and contribution to community. The HC welcomes students from diverse academic, cultural and geographic backgrounds. Portland Radar | Weather Merck Veterinary Manual Awards Merck Veterinary Manuals, to recognize scholastic achievement in fourth-year students. Oregon State University: Section III -- Philosophical This is a picture-perfect response to a university-specific essay prompt. What makes it particularly effective is not just its cohesive structure and elegant style but also the level of details the author uses in the response. By directly identifying the specific aspects of the university that are attractive to the writer, the writer is able to clearly and effectively show not only his commitment to his studies but – perhaps more importantly – the level of thought he put into his decision to apply. Review committees know what generic responses look like so specificity sells. Online Colleges in Oregon: The Best Online Schools of 2017 Honors College students are assessed "Honors College Differential Tuition" each term. HC Differential Tuition enables the Honors College to provide small seminar-style classes, academic advising, co-curricular activities and other amenities. HC Differential Tuition is currently $986 per term and will appear on each student's billing account for each fall, winter, and spring term that the student is enrolled at Oregon State.   Ted W. Maul Professional Development Fund Established to benefit junior and senior students to travel to professional meetings. Earl L. Packard Achievement Award To a deserving, scholarly, and professionally motivated undergraduate senior in geology. The majority of online courses at EOU are delivered asynchronously via Blackboard, though students may also access their communications, view course assignments and take quizzes through the Canvas learning management system. Students access study materials and assignments when it is most convenient, completing class requirements on a weekly basis. Support services for online students include free eTutoring and use of the online writing laboratory, as well as full access to the Pierce Library. Some exams require a proctor, which requires the student to identify an approved local testing site. Degree-completion programs are a popular choice for distance learners, allowing working adults to finish bachelor's degrees without taking time off from work. The HC recognizes that the HC Differential Tuition associated with enrollment in the Honors College can present a financial challenge for some students. Honors students who are unable to pay the differential tuition in a specific term can apply for a  HC Differential Tuition Grant. Support services for online students include the digitally optimized Linfield Library and librarian staff dedicated to distance learners, plus free tutoring through the Western eTutoring Consortium. «Oregon state university essay questions» in pictures. More images «Oregon state university essay questions». Contact | RSS feed | sitemap.xml | News
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Growth in Global Antibacterial Drugs Market Limited to 1.30% CAGR Owing to Patent Expiries Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/10/2017 — An antibacterial drug is referred to as an antimicrobial agent interfering with the growth and reproduction of bacteria that cause numerous mild to severe infections in humans and animals. Antibacterial drugs either kill or inhibit their growth. These agents possess bactericidal activity which target various parts of bacterial physiology such as protein synthesis, cell wall synthesis, nucleic acid synthesis and permeability of cell membrane, and therefore help in treating infections. Antibacterial drugs are being in use since the discovery of the first antibacterial in the form of penicillin in 1928, and presently a wide range of antibacterials in several formulations are commercially available and used for the treatment of various indications like pneumonia, tuberculosis, tetanus, diphtheria, diarrhea, legionellosis and other diseases. The global antibacterial drugs market has been categorized into eight segments based on their class which include: aminoglycosides, ?-lactams, tetracyclines, sulfonamides, quinolones/ fluoroquinolones, macrolides, phenicols, and miscellaneous antibacterials. In 2014, ?-lactams occupied the leading position with a share of 57.7% of the g lobal antibacterial drugs market followed by the quinolones. However, these drug classes are expected to witness a decline in their market share during the forecast period due to scheduled patent expiry of key branded formulations, coupled with growing number of drug resistant bacterial strains and increasing influx of generic drugs. Hence, on account of the factors mentioned above, the global antibacterial drugs market is expected to witness slow growth during the forecast period 2015 to 2023. However, the miscellaneous antibacterials segment is expected to grow with the highest CAGR accompanied with growing demand for therapies against bacterial infections and rising geriatric populations are some of the factors that are anticipated to maintain the growth of the antibacterial drugs market. Additionally, expected commercialization of various antibacterial agents that are currently in developmental stages, such as solithromycin (Cempra, Inc.), VivaGel (SPL7013) (Starpharma Holdings Limited), surotomycin (Merck & Co.) MK-3415A (Merck & Co.) during the forecast period is also expected to profound impact on growth of this market. Asia-Pacific held the largest share of the revenue generated by the global antibacterial drugs market in 2014. This region is also expected to experience the highest growth rate during the forecast period 2015 to 2023. The major factors responsible for this region to hold leadership in this market in 2014 include presence of large number of generic manufacturers and active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) manufacturers in Asian countries, growing incidences of bacterial infections such as MRSA (methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus) and tuberculosis and increasing purchasing power of the domestic population. For more information on this report, fill the form @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=1567 Moreover, developing health care infrastructure, presence of a large population base and growing geriatric population which is more prone to diseases would consequently increase the uptake of antibacterial drugs in Asia. North America held the second largest revenue share followed by Europe in the antibacterial drugs market in 2014. Market maturity, shortened product lifecycle, stringent regulatory requirements and generic infiltration are some of the factors that accounted for slow growth of this market. AstraZeneca plc, Bayer AG, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Eli Lilly and Company, Allergen plc, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Pfizer, Inc., and Sanofi are the major players engaged in the development, production and marketing of various antibacterial drugs. These players have worldwide presence in the pharmaceutical industry and are involved in constant competition with each other. Pfizer, Inc. was observed to be the most promising and leading player in the Antibacterial drugs market. Major customers for their antibacterial drugs include hospitals, private clinics, physicians and patients. About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FMI Introduces Low Voltage Motor Market : Drivers, Restraints, Opportunities, and Threats (2015 – 2025) Next PostNext Global Multi-Parameter Patient Monitoring Equipment Market Is Expected to Reach Close to US$2 Bn by 2023 Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Growth in Global Antibacterial Drugs Market Limited to 1.30% CAGR Owing to Patent Expiries Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/10/2017 — An antibacterial drug is referred to as an antimicrobial agent interfering with the growth and reproduction of bacteria that cause numerous mild to severe infections in humans and animals. Antibacterial drugs either kill or inhibit their growth. These agents possess bactericidal activity which target various parts of bacterial physiology such as protein synthesis, cell wall synthesis, nucleic acid synthesis and permeability of cell membrane, and therefore help in treating infections. Antibacterial drugs are being in use since the discovery of the first antibacterial in the form of penicillin in 1928, and presently a wide range of antibacterials in several formulations are commercially available and used for the treatment of various indications like pneumonia, tuberculosis, tetanus, diphtheria, diarrhea, legionellosis and other diseases. The global antibacterial drugs market has been categorized into eight segments based on their class which include: aminoglycosides, ?-lactams, tetracyclines, sulfonamides, quinolones/ fluoroquinolones, macrolides, phenicols, and miscellaneous antibacterials. In 2014, ?-lactams occupied the leading position with a share of 57.7% of the g lobal antibacterial drugs market followed by the quinolones. However, these drug classes are expected to witness a decline in their market share during the forecast period due to scheduled patent expiry of key branded formulations, coupled with growing number of drug resistant bacterial strains and increasing influx of generic drugs. Hence, on account of the factors mentioned above, the global antibacterial drugs market is expected to witness slow growth during the forecast period 2015 to 2023. However, the miscellaneous antibacterials segment is expected to grow with the highest CAGR accompanied with growing demand for therapies against bacterial infections and rising geriatric populations are some of the factors that are anticipated to maintain the growth of the antibacterial drugs market. Additionally, expected commercialization of various antibacterial agents that are currently in developmental stages, such as solithromycin (Cempra, Inc.), VivaGel (SPL7013) (Starpharma Holdings Limited), surotomycin (Merck & Co.) MK-3415A (Merck & Co.) during the forecast period is also expected to profound impact on growth of this market. Asia-Pacific held the largest share of the revenue generated by the global antibacterial drugs market in 2014. This region is also expected to experience the highest growth rate during the forecast period 2015 to 2023. The major factors responsible for this region to hold leadership in this market in 2014 include presence of large number of generic manufacturers and active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) manufacturers in Asian countries, growing incidences of bacterial infections such as MRSA (methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus) and tuberculosis and increasing purchasing power of the domestic population. For more information on this report, fill the form @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=1567 Moreover, developing health care infrastructure, presence of a large population base and growing geriatric population which is more prone to diseases would consequently increase the uptake of antibacterial drugs in Asia. North America held the second largest revenue share followed by Europe in the antibacterial drugs market in 2014. Market maturity, shortened product lifecycle, stringent regulatory requirements and generic infiltration are some of the factors that accounted for slow growth of this market. AstraZeneca plc, Bayer AG, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Eli Lilly and Company, Allergen plc, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Pfizer, Inc., and Sanofi are the major players engaged in the development, production and marketing of various antibacterial drugs. These players have worldwide presence in the pharmaceutical industry and are involved in constant competition with each other. Pfizer, Inc. was observed to be the most promising and leading player in the Antibacterial drugs market. Major customers for their antibacterial drugs include hospitals, private clinics, physicians and patients. About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FMI Introduces Low Voltage Motor Market : Drivers, Restraints, Opportunities, and Threats (2015 – 2025) Next PostNext Global Multi-Parameter Patient Monitoring Equipment Market Is Expected to Reach Close to US$2 Bn by 2023 Search Recent Posts Brucellosis Vaccines Market in Europe Outlook 2021: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development Blood Plasma Separators Market in Europe Share, Growth, Trend Analysis and Forecast to 2021 by Capacity, Production, and Production Value BARC India vai resolver o enigma digital com sua linha de produtos ‘EKAM’ 14th Annual Consumer Report – 2016 State of Sustainability in America Japan Managed Security Services Market, Forecast to 2020 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Farm Animal Healthcare Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Global Farm Animal Healthcare market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer Pune, India – April 10, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Summary Global Farm Animal Healthcare market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Bayer Healthcare Boehringer Ingelheim Ceva Animal Health Elanco Merck Merial (Sanofi) Virbac Zoetis Animal Healthcare Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1153890-global-farm-animal-healthcare-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Farm Animal Healthcare in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Vaccines Paraciticides Anti-Infectives Medicinal Feed Additives Other Pharmaceuticals On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Farm Animal Healthcare for each application, including Cattle Swine Poultry Fish Sheep Others At Any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1153890-global-farm-animal-healthcare-market-research-report-2017 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 1 Farm Animal Healthcare Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Farm Animal Healthcare 1.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Vaccines 1.2.4 Paraciticides 1.2.5 Anti-Infectives 1.2.6 Medicinal Feed Additives 1.2.7 Other Pharmaceuticals 1.3 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Segment by Application 1.3.1 Farm Animal Healthcare Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Cattle 1.3.3 Swine 1.3.4 Poultry 1.3.5 Fish 1.3.6 Sheep 1.3.7 Others 1.4 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Farm Animal Healthcare (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) …… 7 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Bayer Healthcare 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Bayer Healthcare Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Boehringer Ingelheim 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Boehringer Ingelheim Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Ceva Animal Health 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Ceva Animal Health Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Elanco 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Elanco Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Merck 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Merck Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Merial (Sanofi) 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Merial (Sanofi) Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Virbac 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Virbac Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Zoetis Animal Healthcare 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Zoetis Animal Healthcare Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1153890 Continued…. Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Pune -40027, Maharashtra, India Phone: 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/farm-animal-healthcare-market-global-industry-analysis-and-opportunity-and-forecast-2017-to-2022/184848 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1153890-global-farm-animal-healthcare-market-research-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 184848 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Clinical Trial Management System (CTMS) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Mon 10th Apr 17) Anti-money Laundering Software Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 (Mon 10th Apr 17) Offshore support vessel Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Mon 10th Apr 17) Aircraft Cabin Interior Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Mon 10th Apr 17) Mobile Money Market Outlook and Forecast 2027: Growth Factors, Trends, Top Companies Analysis for Business Prospects (Mon 10th Apr 17) Vertical Farming Market Grow at CAGR of 27.5% Forecast To 2022 (Mon 10th Apr 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Coagulation Tests Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Service Robotics Industry Overview, Top Manufacturers, Growth Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Farm Animal Healthcare Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Global Farm Animal Healthcare market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer Pune, India - April 10, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Summary Global Farm Animal Healthcare market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Bayer Healthcare Boehringer Ingelheim Ceva Animal Health Elanco Merck Merial (Sanofi) Virbac Zoetis Animal Healthcare Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1153890-global-farm-animal-healthcare-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Farm Animal Healthcare in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Vaccines Paraciticides Anti-Infectives Medicinal Feed Additives Other Pharmaceuticals On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Farm Animal Healthcare for each application, including Cattle Swine Poultry Fish Sheep Others At Any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1153890-global-farm-animal-healthcare-market-research-report-2017 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 1 Farm Animal Healthcare Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Farm Animal Healthcare 1.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Vaccines 1.2.4 Paraciticides 1.2.5 Anti-Infectives 1.2.6 Medicinal Feed Additives 1.2.7 Other Pharmaceuticals 1.3 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Segment by Application 1.3.1 Farm Animal Healthcare Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Cattle 1.3.3 Swine 1.3.4 Poultry 1.3.5 Fish 1.3.6 Sheep 1.3.7 Others 1.4 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Farm Animal Healthcare (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ...... 7 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Bayer Healthcare 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Bayer Healthcare Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Boehringer Ingelheim 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Boehringer Ingelheim Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Ceva Animal Health 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Ceva Animal Health Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Elanco 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Elanco Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Merck 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Merck Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Merial (Sanofi) 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Merial (Sanofi) Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Virbac 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Virbac Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Zoetis Animal Healthcare 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Zoetis Animal Healthcare Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1153890 Continued.... Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Pune -40027, Maharashtra, India Phone: 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/farm-animal-healthcare-market-global-industry-analysis-and-opportunity-and-forecast-2017-to-2022/184848 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1153890-global-farm-animal-healthcare-market-research-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 184848 Recent Press Releases By The Same User PAY plus HR develops a Single Cloud-Based Payroll and HR Solution (Tue 11th Apr 17) Global Bakery Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 (Tue 11th Apr 17) New Life Expands Marriage Counseling Services to Brandon, Riverview, Plant City (Tue 11th Apr 17) Global Automotive Electronic Power Steering 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 (Tue 11th Apr 17) Helicopter Avionics Market Global Analysis & 2017-2022 Forecast Research Report (Tue 11th Apr 17) 2017 Global Retail Analytics Market Dynamics Estimated To Reach Strong Value With A Healthy CAGR Till 2022 (Tue 11th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Pain Management Therapeutics Market Grows with Rise in Number of Geriatrics Transparency Market Research (TMR) states that the leading players in the global pain management therapeutics market are Pfizer, Inc., Merck & Co, Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Endo Health Solutions, and Purdue Pharma LP. “The competition is projected to intensify in the coming years as several manufacturers are likely to be threatened by the entry of generic drug manufacturers,” stated the lead analyst Despite the cutthroat competition, Purdue Pharma LP and Pfizer, Inc. held a 50% share in the global market in 2015. According to the research report, the global pain management therapeutics market is expected to be worth US$83.0 bn by the end of 2024 from US$60.2 bn in 2015. During the forecast period of 2016 and 2024, the global market is projected to surge at a CAGR of 3.7%. The slow-paced growth of the global market will be attributable to the high prevalence of chronic pain among various patients suffering from complicated medical problems Obtain Report Details: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pain-management-therap… Cancer Pain Management Leads the Way for Global Market The World Health Organization states that the rising cases of cancer across the world have provided the global market for pain management therapeutics lucrative opportunities. The disease comes with immense pain, which makes life miserable during the treatment as well as after the treatment. These therapeutics are also administered to those who are terminally ill patients who no longer have the strength to fight the pain. Owing to this reason alone, the cancer pain management segment held a share of about 28% in the global pain management therapeutics market in 2015 in terms of revenue. Geographically, the global pain management therapeutics market is segmented into Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, and Rest of the World. Of all the regions, North America dominated the global market as it held nearly half of the market in in 2015. The efficient healthcare sector of North America, rising expenditure on healthcare, and high level of awareness among patients are expected to fuel the progress of this regional market. Europe is expected to closely follow North America pain management therapeutics market as the region works toward offer better healthcare. Investments to Develop Improved Molecular Combinations to Boost Market Growth The growing pool of geriatrics, who are susceptible to a wide range of diseases that can be painful, have been the key consumers of pain management therapeutics in recent years. Arthritis, epilepsy, nerve damage, depression, cancer, diabetic neuropathy, and several other injuries that are seen among the aged are projected to drive the global market in the coming years. The global geriatric population is estimated to reach 2 billion by the end of 2050, raising the demand for pain management therapeutics by leaps and bounds. The market is also being favored by the growing investments in research and development of new molecular combinations and improved methods of drug delivery. The supportive regulatory reforms that are in support of the drug development are also expected to set the global pain management therapeutic on the path of growth in the near future. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Patent Expiries Threaten Sales of High-earning Drugs Despite the strong market drivers, the global pain management therapeutics market faces some tough challenges. The expected expiry of blockbuster pain management drugs is likely to hold back the sales for several big players in the market. The inroads by generic drugs will also restrain the sales of high-earning drugs by providing affordable alternatives to patients. This review is based on Transparency Market Research’s review, titled “Pain Management Therapeutics Market (Therapeutics – Anticonvulsants, Antidepressants, Anesthetics, Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs (NSAIDS), Opioids (Oxycodones, Hydrocodones, Tramadol), Antimigraine Agents, Other Non-narcotic Analgesic; Indication – Neuropathic Pain, Fibromyalgia, Chronic Back Pain, Arthritic Pain, Migraine, Post-operative Pain, Cancer Pain) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024.” For this study, the market is segmented as follows: Global Pain Management Therapeutics Market Revenue, by Therapeutics Anticonvulsants Antidepressants Anesthetics Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs (NSAIDS) Opioids Oxycodones Hydrocodones Tramadol Others (Morphine, Codeine, Fentanyl, Meperidine, Methadone) Antimigraine Agents Other Non-narcotic Analgesic Global Pain Management Therapeutics Market Revenue, by Indication Neuropathic Pain Fibromyalgia Chronic Back Pain Arthritic Pain Migraine Post-operative Pain Cancer Pain Global Pain Management Therapeutics Market, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Europe Germany U.K. Asia Pacific (APAC) China Japan Rest of the World (RoW) Brazil Mexico Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Gastrointestinal Drugs Market Grows with Extensive Demand for Acid Neutralizers among Patients Next PostNext Europe Heparin Market Driven by Rising Prevalence of Coagulation and Renal Disorders Search Recent Posts Why it’s Important to attend your Industry’s Conventions or Conferences Why it’s Important to attend your Industry’s Conventions or Conferences Budgetary Impact Analysis for Executive Order Entitled “Omnibus Report on Significant Trade Deficits” Research Offers 10-Year Forecast on Flow Wrap Machines market Budgetary Impact Analysis for Executive Order Entitled “Establishing Enhanced Collection and Enforcement of Antidumping and Countervailing Duties and Violations of Trade and Customs Laws” Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access The Heart of the Matter Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending Snapchat comes to congresses Imbruvica filed for non-cancer use Pfizer gains new Ibrance approval Opdivo closes on colorectal indication BI’s plea for EU unity FDA won't add outcomes data to Januvia label Merck’s application rejected despite TECOS outcomes data Merck & Co's hopes of adding cardiovascular outcomes data to the label for its Januvia-based diabetes drugs have been knocked back by the FDA. The US regulator has sent the pharma company a complete response letter for DPP-4 inhibitor Januvia (sitagliptin) and combination product Janumet (sitagliptin plus metformin) - along with extended release formulations - saying it was not able to approve updated labelling that would include the results of the TECOS outcomes study. Merck has not revealed the reasons for the rejection, but said it is "reviewing the letter and will discuss the next steps with the FDA". The TECOS trial, which involved over 14,500 patients and ran for three years, found that type 2 diabetes patients with established cardiovascular diseases were not at greater risk of major adverse cardiovascular events - including cardiovascular-related death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, non-fatal stroke or unstable angina requiring hospitalisation. It also found no increase in hospitalisation for heart failure in Januvia patients and similar rates of all-cause mortality, laying to rest earlier concerns that use of the DPP-4 inhibitor might lead to cardiovascular complications in diabetes patients. Those concerns have caused warnings to be imposed on some rival drugs, namely AstraZeneca's Onglyza (saxagliptin) and Takeda's Nesina (alogliptin). Januvia is a massive product for Merck bringing in $6.11bn last year, but growth is slowing - with downward pricing pressure offset by volume gains - and Merck had hoped the label revision could add another sales boost. The DPP-4 inhibitors as a class are facing stiffer competition from SGLT2 inhibitors - another class of type 2 diabetes drugs that have data indicating they can actually improve cardiovascular outcomes. The EMPA-REG OUTCOME trial showed that Eli Lilly and Boehringer Ingelheim's SGLT2 inhibitor Jardiance (empagliflozin) was able to achieve a 35% reduction in hospitalisations for heart failure in a high-risk patient group, and AstraZeneca has just published real-world data suggesting this may be a class effect. Overall, the complete response letter is not expected to be a big blow to Merck, which has filed a combination product based on Januvia and its own SGLT2 inhibitor - ertugliflozin - in the US and Europe. The FDA is scheduled to deliver a verdict on the marketing application before the end of 2017. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 10th April 2017 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Keytruda and Opdivo backed for new uses in Europe Sanofi to develop a mobile app for insulin patients The rising prevalence of diabetes in Europe IDF appoints new CEO AZ data suggest SGLT2 inhibitors can reduce heart failure risk Related Hub content JDRF Appeal Video Case Study - Novo Nordisk Evaluating the potential of a pre-launch prodct in a real-life setting Could ‘around the pill’ solutions be the key to effective diabetes management? Diabetes: Let’s cut the Gordian knot by Debashis Bhattacharya and Kamlesh Sheth PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Managing Director – Healthcare PR and Communications Agency – Lo... Neg Senior Project Executive, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Communic... up to £32.5K Multi-Channel Manager, Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire AL7 1TW Competitive Salary Account Director, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Senior Scientific Communicator, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Co... up to £60K Managing Director Up to Editorial Director, Medical Communications Group £55, 000 – £70, 000+ benefits Senior Account Manager / Account Director - Medical Communicatio... Salary TBC Senior Medical Writer – Medical Communications – Kent Salary TBC Senior Project Manager Salary TBC Account Director, Digital Healthcare Communications Agency £45, 000 – £55, 000 benefits Project Manager, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Communications, L... Up to £40K ENTRY LEVEL - Associate Medical Writer / Junior Medical Writer -... DOE Medical Writer in Advertising Agency £55, 000 – £65, 000 extra benefits Account Manager, International Healthcare PR £32, 000 - £40, 000 Account Director – Healthcare PR/ Healthcare Policy Salary TBC Director, Scientific Services Negotiable competitive benfits Principal Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London. Competitive Senior Project Manager, Creative Marketing, London up to £55K up to £55K Editorial Teal Leader, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Programme Director - Healthcare PR - London Salary TBC Senior Project Manager, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Communicat... up to £50K Account Director, Medical Communications, Home Counties. Competitive Account Director – Digital Health & Wellbeing Agency Salary TBC Senior Medical Writer, Principal Medical Writer, Scientific Dire... £40000 - £75000 Bonus Benefits Global Account Supervisor Negotiable Account Director – Med Comms – Publications Planning Focus Senior Medical Writer, Freelance role, London Excellent Package Senior Medical Writer – Home-Based – Healthcare Comms Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Merck confirms sale of biosimilar division AbbVie and J&J file first non-cancer use for Imbruvica with FDA Snapchat arrives at scientific meetings Boehringer Ingelheim calls for "strong and united" Europe BMS closes in on colorectal cancer indication for Opdivo FDA changes its mind on 23andMe's genetic testing kits Spink wins gastroenterology society account McCann Health expands consulting team Cello Health Insight strengthens senior team Bial launches video campaign for World Parkinson’s Day Deal Watch February 2017 Deal Watch March 2017 PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Quintiles Medical Communications Quintiles’ award-winning medical communications group sits at the heart of the enterprise. We offer a range of innovative strategic services,... Latest intelligence Deal Watch February 2017 Actelion, Johnson & Johnson, Sanofi, Takeda and more feature in this month's pharma deals round-up... Deal Watch March 2017 Sanofi, MedImmune, AstraZeneca, Astellas, Novartis and more feature in this month's pharma deals round-up... Pharma Customer experience: The KNOW-LIKE-TRUST factor The pharma customer experience doesn’t begin with the goods and services you provide, but rather with what you are in the customer’s mind.... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Pneumonia Diagnostic Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the global Pneumonia Diagnostic market is accounted for $xx million in 2016 and is expected to reach $xx million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of xx% from 2016 to 2022. Factors such as developing innovative technologies and products, increasing patient awareness and improving productivity of diagnosing pneumonia are boosting the market growth. Advent of new drugs and advance treatment facilitates are going to provide new market opportunities to emerge. However, there is no particular treatment available to detect the pneumonia as its symptoms coincide with diseases like bronchitis, common cold and asthma which are restraining the market growth. Chest X-ray and CT scan are generally recommended for the diagnosis of pneumonia diagnostics. North America is the largest market due to increasing resistance to multi drugs by microorganisms and increasing geriatric population. Asia Pacific is anticipated to be the fastest growing market owing to prevalence of disease in several countries including India, Japan and Bangladesh. Additionally, high awareness and disposable income are potential growth factors. Some of the key players in global Pneumonia Diagnostic market are Abbott, Affymetrix, Beckman Coulter Inc, Becton Dickinson, BioMerieux, Bio-Rad, Cepheid, Diamedix, Elitech Group, Qiagen, Siemens, Thermo Fisher Scientific, GlaxoSmithCline and Merck & Co. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pneumonia-diagnostic-market Treatments Covered: • Vaccines o PCV13 o PPV23 • Antibiotics o Amoxicillin o Cephalosporin o Penicillin o Tetracycline o Vancomycin o Fluoroquinolones Tests Covered: • Blood Test • Bronchoscopy • Chest X ray • Chest Computed Tomography (CT) Scan • Pulse Oximetry • Pleural Fluid Culture • Sputum Test End Users Covered: • Clinics • Diagnostic Centres • Hospitals • Commercial/Private Labs • Other End Users Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pneumonia-diagnostic-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Now Available – Worldwide Fluorite Market Report 2015-2025 Next PostNext CNG and LPG Vehicles Market To Increase at Steady Growth Rate Search Recent Posts Global Alpha-Ketoglutaric acid Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 On April 12th, This Instagram Competitor Will Let You Get Paid for Posting NASTY WOMEN and BAD HOMBRES–An Exhibit of Bronze and Wax Sculptures About Our Times Parent-mediated therapy may help babies at risk of developing autism Global Parenteral Nutrition Products Market Analysis, Regional Outlook & Competitive Strategies 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Veterinary Healthcare Market Major Manufacturers, Trends, Demand, Share Analysis to 2021 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/10/2017 — Global Veterinary Healthcare Industry The Global Veterinary Healthcare Market was worth $27 billion in 2016 and estimated to be growing at a CAGR of 7.94%, to reach $39.56 billion by 2021. Veterinary medicine can be defined as the science associated with the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of diseases in animals. The scope of Veterinary medicine is broad covering various animal species both domestic and wild. The increasing importance for the production of livestock animals is generating growth in the animal healthcare market. Ever increasing population, stable economy is expected to result in increased demand for protein rich foods, especially in the developing countries. Some of the major companies covered in the report are Merck & Co., Inc., Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Cargill, Inc., Ceva Santé Animale, Novasep, Eli Lilly and Company, Koninklijke DSM N.V, Novartis AG, Nutreco N.V., Sanofi S.A., SeQuent Scientific Ltd., Virbac S.A., Vétoquinol S.A. and Zoetis Inc. Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/635519-veterinary-healthcare-market-by-forecasts-2016-2021 Increased love for pets leading to an upsurge in the number of animal ownerships, increasing awareness among the people about animal health and very few requirements for animal health drugs approval are the major factors driving the market for Veterinary healthcare. Growing number of foodborne diseases is also fuelling the animal healthcare market. However increasing regulation on antibiotics is expected to remain a major restraint for the market. Apart from that increasing costs regulation related to animal testing is also a major hurdle for the growth of animal healthcare market. Global Veterinary Healthcare market is segmented by animal type and product. On the basis of animal type market is segmented into farm animals and companion animals. Farm animals are further sub segmented into cattle, swine, fish, sheep and poultry whereas companion animals are sub segmented as dogs, and cats. Based on product the marketed is segmented into Vaccines, feed additives and pharmaceuticals. Feed additives are further sub-segmented into Nutritional feed additives and Medicinal feed additives. Nutritional feed additives include amino acids, vitamins and minerals. Medicinal feed additives on the other hand include hormones, probiotics, immune-modulators, enzymes and prebiotics. Pharmaceutical products mainly comprise of ectoparasiticides, endoparasiticides, antibiotics, anti-inflammatories, endectocides, and medicines for reproductive problems. Based on Geography Global Veterinary Healthcare market is analyzed under various regions namely North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and Middle-East and Africa. Europe and North America are the dominating markets for veterinary healthcare accounting for a combined share of around 60% of the market due to a number of pet owners. Asia-Pacific is one of the major producers of animal meat and estimated to be the fastest growing region during the forecast period. For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/635519-veterinary-healthcare-market-by-forecasts-2016-2021 Some Major Points from Table of content: Introduction 1.1 Market Definition 1.2 Study Deliverables 1.3 Base Currency, Base Year and Forecast Periods 1.4 General Study Assumptions If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/635519-veterinary-healthcare-market-by-forecasts-2016-2021 Research Methodology 2.1 Introduction 2.2 Research Phases 2.2.1 Secondary Research 2.2.2 Primary Research 2.2.3 Econometric Modelling 2.2.4 Expert Validation 2.3 Analysis Design 2.4 Study Timeline Overview 3.1 Executive Summary 3.2 Key Inferences For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Wise Guy Reports Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent 646-845-9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Industrial Hydrogen Market to Raise at a CAGR of 4.9% by 2024: Persistence Market Research Next PostNext Global Industrial Garnet Market to Spread a Predictable Worth of US $721.8 Million by 2024 Search Recent Posts Riassunto: CES Asia certificata dal Ministero del commercio USA per il secondo anno Dr. Fred Gertsen Joins Groen Aeronautics Strategic Board of Advisors WHILL Launches WeDrive, a Free, Online Community Service for Mobility Device Users IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – ATC ICE District to aid in relocation of residents of MacDonald Lofts Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Global Influenza Market is expected to reach 9.33 billion by 2021 According to the report Global Influenza Market, published by Market Data Forecast, the global market projected to reach USD 9.33 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 8.54% from 2016 to 2021. For full report refer to http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-influenza-market-1704/ Influenza or flu is a transmittable respiratory disease which affects throat, lungs and nose. Influenza viruses are basically of three types-Type A (H1N1, H2N2, and H5N1, etc.), Type B, and Type C. It can be seasonal, zoonotic and pandemic. Influenza can be fatal if goes unnoticed and is regarded as a major reason of morbidity and mortality, globally. Some of the symptoms of influenza are fever, runny or stuffy nose, fatigue, cough, sore throat, headache, and body ache. According to World Health Organization, the flu occur annually infecting 5% to 10% adults and 20% to 30% children, worldwide. Approximately, 3 to 5 million people get severely infected resulting in 250,000 – 500,000 deaths. Children below 2 years of age and elderly above 65 years of age are at high risk of developing chronic flu. Free sample for the report is available at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-influenza-market-1704/request-sample The growth of Influenza market is majorly driven by factors such as rising public awareness, increase in healthcare expenditure, cost-effectiveness of immunization, introduction of new medicines, boost in Research & Development investment, and increasing government initiatives for vaccination against influenza viruses. Additionally, a large section of population, especially in Asian and African countries is not immunized against influenza virus, thereby fueling the demand for the product in under developed and developing economies. The key constraints of the market are antigenic shift of influenza virus, lack of cold storage facility, side-effects of the product (soreness, swelling, and redness), complex regulatory framework, lack of advanced technology for early detection of new influenza virus, and remote areas with limited accessibility. Enquire more about the report at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-influenza-market-1704/inquire The products are segmented based on Product Type and Consumer and studied for a deep-level understanding of the Influenza Market. Each sub segment is accompanied with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts as well. Based on Product Type:                             ·         Introduction           ·         Vaccines   ·         Drugs         ·         Y-o-Y Growth Analysis, By Product              ·         Market Attractiveness Analysis, By Product            ·         Market Share Analysis, By Product              Based on Type:                              ·         Introduction           ·         Safety Biomarkers ·         Efficacy Biomarkers             ·         Validation Biomarkers        ·         Y-o-Y Growth Analysis, By Type    ·         Market Attractiveness Analysis, By Type  ·         Market Share Analysis, By Type    Based on Application:                 ·         Introduction           ·         Diagnostics Development ·         Drug Discovery and Development ·         Personalised Medicine      ·         Disease Risk Assessment  ·         Other Applications               ·         Y-o-Y Growth Analysis, By Application        ·         Market Attractiveness Analysis, By Application      ·         Market Share Analysis, By Application       Based on Disease Indications:                 ·         Introduction           ·         Cancer       ·         CardiovascularDisorders    ·         Neurological Disorders       ·         Immunological Disorders  ·         Other Diseases      ·         Y-o-Y Growth Analysis, By Disease Indications        ·         Market Attractiveness Analysis, By Disease Indications ·         Market Share Analysis, By Disease Indications  The market has also been geographically segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and the Middle-East and Africa. North America is expected to command the major market share of 50% in 2016. Geographical Segmentation: ·         North America Influenza Market ·         Europe Influenza Market ·         Asia-pacific Influenza Market ·         Latin America Influenza Market ·         Middle East and Africa Influenza Market The key players in Global Influenza Market are Sanofi-Pasteur (U.S.), Merck & Co. (U.S.), AstraZeneca (United Kingdom), Novartis (Switzerland), GlaxoSmithKline (U.K.), F. Hoffmann-La Roche (Switzerland), Pfizer Inc. (U.S.), Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation (Japan), Abbott Laboratories (U.S.), CSL Limited (Australia). Buy now http://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/global-influenza-market-1704 H1N1 Infection also called as swine flu is a new kind of flu in humans. It’s caused by a contagious virus. H1N1 flu infects the breathing tubes in nose, lungs, and throat. The disease is contagious. When people who have it sneeze 0r cough or, they spray tiny drops of the virus into the air. Signs and symptoms include cough, stuffy, fever, sore throat, or runny nose, headache, body aches, and fatigue. Treatment includes medication (antiviral drugs). The Influenza Market study offers the following deliverables: Global, regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped Segment-level analysis in terms of Product Type and Consumer along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensive PESTLE Analysis Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, using Porter’s five forces analysis for analysing the level of competition and business strategy development A comprehensive list of key market players along with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies An executive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions Expertly devised analyst overview along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Pharmaceuticals Segment: Immunotherapy Drugs market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-immunotherapy-drugs-market-1156/ Antiviral Drugs Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-antiviral-drugs-market-1587/ Psoriasis Drugs Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-psoriasis-drugs-market-1718/ Orphan Drugs Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-orphan-drugs-market-1676/ Anticoccidial Drugs Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-anticoccidial-drugs-market-13/ About Market Data Forecast: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, they cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. From all-encompassing umbrella markets to extremely specific niche markets covering all the major regions across the globe as part of the research scope, their research services offer one of a kind specialities with competitive pricing options. For more info kindly visit, www.marketdataforecast.com Contact: Abhishek Shukla Sales Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Pet Food Nutraceuticals Market Will Continue to Grow at 4.12% CGSR by 2021 Next PostNext Global Psoriasis Drugs Market Will Continue to Grow at 7.30% CAGR by 2021 Search Recent Posts AGBU YP Northern California Raises $20,000 for the AGBU Humanitarian Emergency Relief Fund for Syrian Armenians AJA Announces $1000 Price Drop for Ki Pro Ultra File-Based Recorder and Player Fidessa named Best Front-Office Execution Platform in Waters Sell-side Technology Awards Anti-Aging Products Market Research Report : forecast up to 2025 Coronary Artery Bypass Grafts Market : Global Markets & Advanced Technologies Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Neil Gorsuch ObamaCare Just In... Young women view Ivanka Trump negatively: poll Blog Briefing Room — 3h 19m ago Amash: We need 'change in direction from this speaker' or a new speaker House — 4h 28m ago United Airlines CEO tells employees staff followed protocol News — 4h 47m ago State Dept. delays training sessions for Trump's new ambassadors: report Administration — 5h 2m ago Merriam-Webster trolls United for use of 'volunteer' in statement after passenger dragged off flight News — 5h 11m ago Service Employees International Union cutting headquarters staff News — 5h 15m ago Trump on pace to spend more in first year on travel than Obama did in 8 years Administration — 6h 12m ago Messages exchanged between Bentley, Mason synced to ex-wife's iPad State Watch — 6h 35m ago view all   FDA, industry fear wave of medical-device hacks By Casey Harper, The Hill Extra - 04/10/17 01:06 PM EDT 33   © Getty Images Regulators and medical-device-makers are bracing for an expected barrage of hacking attacks even as legal and technical uncertainties leave them in uncharted territory. Tens of millions of electronic health records have been compromised in recent years, a number that is growing and, some say, underreported. High-profile attacks have hit hospitals and health insurers, and now attention is turning to a new vulnerability: medical devices like pacemakers and insulin pumps. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has become increasingly concerned about the issue and is working to coordinate with other agencies on how to respond if a serious medical device hack were to occur. ADVERTISEMENT "This is what we said to manufacturers; one should consider the environment a hostile environment, there are constant attempts at intrusion ... and they have to be hardened," said Suzanne Schwartz, associate director for science and strategic partnerships at the FDA's Center for Devices and Radiological Health. There have been rumblings over cybersecurity for years. More than 113 million personal health records were compromised in 2015, according to provider data reported to the Department of Health and Human Services (DHS), nine times as many as in 2014. Last fall, Johnson & Johnson had to tell its customers that its insulin pumps had a security vulnerability that hackers could use to access the device and cause a potentially fatal overdose of insulin. The pump, called the Animas OneTouch Ping, had a wireless controller that made it vulnerable. Wireless connection can be an easy access point for hackers. A similar incident occurred in July 2015, when the FDA told hospitals not to use Hospira's Symbiq infusion pumps because of a vulnerability that could allow the pump to be accessed through a hospital network, potentially allowing a hacker to change the dose. The pump was no longer being sold by Hospira, but the FDA also discouraged providers from buying it from third parties.  In 2013, hacker Barnaby Jack claimed he had discovered how to take control of a pacemaker from up to 50 feet away and create a lethal shock using the device. He was set to reveal his method at the world's largest hacker conference in Las Vegas but died the night before.  Notably, former Vice President Dick Cheney's doctor had the wireless capability of Cheney's pacemaker as a safety precaution. So far, though, there have been no known cases of medical-device hacking causing patient harm, according to Zach Rothstein, associate vice president at the Advanced Medical Technology Association.   Healthcare's hacking problem. Hackers can tap into one weak point at a hospital — like an unsecured wireless printer — and access the entire system. Hackers can take over a hospital's electronic records or lock them out of their website and only return control after a ransom is paid, often in Bitcoin. Hackers can change medical record information on allergies, diagnoses, or doses of prescribed drugs. Incorrect information on even one medical record could be fatal. Aside from the obvious human cost, an incident like that could have serious financial consequences for a hospital.  "In just the last few years ... we've seen more than a hundred million health records of American citizens breached in a couple of well-publicized incidents," Terry Rice, vice president of IT risk management and chief information security officer at Merck & Company, told the Energy and Commerce Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee last week. "Vulnerabilities in pacemakers and insulin pumps can be exploited to cause potentially lethal attacks and we have witnessed entire hospitals in the U.S. and U.K. shutting down for multiple days to combat ransomware infections in critical systems," he added. The Department of Health and Human Services has acted to combat these cybersecurity threats. The Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, which leads the administration's health technology efforts, awarded $350,000 last October to the National Health Information Sharing and Analysis Center to educate healthcare stakeholders. The funding would also create a system to allow groups to share information about breaches and ransomware attacks. Rice, who serves on the Healthcare Industry Cybsecurity Task Force, which was created by the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015, told the subcommittee that the cybersecurity problem is “significantly underreported.” He also noted the lack of incentives for companies to report and fears of the harm to their brand or reputation. “Organizations are unlikely to report security incidents if not required to do so given the potential reputational harm that might occur," he said. "The reports we read about are only a small fraction of the incidents that actually occur." A 2016 study by the Ponemon Institute found that the majority of breaches reported by the organizations they surveyed contained fewer than 500 records, which aren't counted in the latest HHS data.   Who is liable? Hacking of a medical device could lead to injury, illness or death, which raises the question: if someone sues, who is liable? The FDA says in its premarket guidance that: “FDA recognizes that medical device security is a shared responsibility between stakeholders, including healthcare facilities, patients, providers, and manufacturers of medical devices.” This could be encouraging for device-makers, especially since security flaws unrelated to a device, such as an unsecured wireless printer, could make a device accessible to a hacker. Since there have been no known cases of patient harm related to medical device hacking, there are few suits. But Melissa Markey, a technology and cybersecurity lawyer at Hall Render, said within the next decade hacking attempts and, as a result, litigation will increase. Markey points out that FDA guidance on medical devices says manufacturers have an obligation to consider the cybersecurity of their devices during design and throughout the operating life of that device. That could likely provide the basis for someone to allege that manufacturers have a duty to do more to secure devices. "Even though we would have all intuitively said, well yes medical device-makers obviously should make their devices safe from being hacked, that FDA guidance removes any question, I think, that, yeah, this is an obligation," Markey told The Hill Extra.  Markey said even hospitals could also end up filing suit against device-makers if the device made their system vulnerable. Vaccine liability could serve as a model, Markey suggested. The National Vaccine Injury Compensation program was created in the 1980s to protect vaccine companies and healthcare providers from lawsuits from individuals who claimed a vaccine caused them injury. The fund was a "no-fault" way that served as insurance for the vaccine companies after lawsuits began to give companies second thoughts about getting into the vaccine business. It could prove to be a model for the device industry if fear over lawsuits begins to stymie innovation.  "There are some people who hack because this is a money-making opportunity, and there will be people who figure out how to hack medical devices in order to make money," Markey said. "They will find a way to exploit a vulnerability and use that to get money from the device company or they will use that to get money from another company somehow."   Industry response. Information sharing is considered a major bulwark to protect against hacking attempts. The healthcare community has an information-sharing group, where providers, manufacturers and others update their defenses against common threats. Within this community, medical device-makers have their own sub-community. Congress and the industry are both promoting healthcare information sharing, hoping to get it up to par with other industries, such as the financial sector which is known for its cyber readiness. Rothstein said both the FDA and industry are hiring cybersecurity experts across the board to up their defenses.  "You're starting to see FDA hire software experts so that internally they have more capabilities to evaluate cyber security programs of these companies," he said.  Many companies are adopting "coordinated disclosure" policies where researchers or "white hat" hackers can report vulnerabilities directly to the company instead of making them public. If a vulnerability is made public before the company is made aware, hackers could compromise devices before the company has time to fix their vulnerabilities. Hospitals are backing up their files and also increasingly adding cybersecurity protections into their contractual agreements. Rothstein expects this practice to increase.  "The medical device industry, I would say in the last two-and-a-half years or so, has gone from general understanding of the issue, general participation to extreme awareness and participation in cybersecurity efforts," Rothstein said. See more exclusive content on policy and regulatory news on our subscription-only service here.   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 O'Reilly's ratings rise as... Bill O’Reilly’s ratings at Fox News were up last week as news that he paid... 309 Shares 2 Opinion: Ginsburg gambled to stay... OPINION | Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg ignored calls for her retirement... 147 Shares 3 Midterm trends threaten GOP House... Republicans control both the House and Senate, but the unified GOP... 142 Shares 4 Trump seeks momentum after Syria... The question now is whether Trump and the White House can build on the... 133 Shares 5 Dem wants hearing after United... “I deplore the violent removal of a passenger," Del. Eleanor Norton (D-D.C... 89 Shares 6 United Airlines CEO tells... The head of United Airlines said in an email to his employees Monday that... 81 Shares 7 Battle over sanctuary cities... Immigration hardliners are threatening to hold potentially billions of... 67 Shares 8 Trump sued for not releasing White... Three organizations are suing the Department of Homeland Security for not... 67 Shares 9 WH disputes report Russia knew of... The United States has determined that Russia knew about last week’s... 66 Shares 10 Trump on pace to spend more in... President Trump is reportedly on pace to spend more on travel during his... 60 Shares 11 Messages exchanged between Bentley... The messages exchanged between former Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley (R) and... 56 Shares 12 Merriam-Webster trolls United for... "'Volunteer' means “someone who does something without being forced to do... 52 Shares 13 Security firm links CIA leaks to... The security firm Symantec believes it observed one of the hacking tools... 51 Shares 14 Gabbard takes heat from Dems for... Powerful liberal voices are calling for the ouster of Rep. Tulsi Gabbard... 48 Shares 15 Alabama governor resigns amid sex... What began as a sex scandal that cost him his 50-year marriage ended with... 40 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Menu Search Home Biotech Diagnostics Health IT Medical Devices Payers Pharma Policy & Regulation Providers Population Health Events Resource Center About Us Advertising Contact us Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email SEC cracks down on fake biotech analyst posts Is HIPAA…passé? AHIMA digs deeper Yale spinout raises $1.5M to help physicians match patients with right depression drug Axovant hires ex-Medivation CEO as it nears Phase 3 Alzheimer’s readout Are pharma industry companies converting patients with orphan diseases into lobbyists? Everybody Else Is Reading This UCHealth brings Facebook-like feed to its ED through CareLoop In consumer-centered healthcare, are EMRs a threat to providers’ survival? Strategies that can get startups from pilot to scale Rush University Medical Center patients can now get a house call electronically Study of medication adherence with AI-supported selfies highlights potential for clinical trials Demystifying spirometry at the point of care PeptiDream and J&J ink billion-dollar drug discovery deal A look at the evolution of the user interface in healthcare 74 percent of physicians believe communication improves when patients set the agenda Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email MedCity News Patient Engagement Healthcare Convergence Investing & Startups Big Data Precision Medicine Events Join us at MedCity INVEST, premier national healthcare investing event, May 17-18 in Chicago. Register now. Health IT, Hospitals, Pharma At the intersection of cancer treatment and technology, it’s more evolution than revolution By Stephanie Baum 1 Comment / Mar 14, 2017 at 5:27 AM Shares55 For the first time at SXSW, a series of panel discussions in the health track zoomed in on cancer — Connect to End Cancer. The themes that dominated tended to be the role of technology such as telemedicine and data from connected devices, the role of 5G technology and technology’s shortcomings. But concerns over what Trump’s FDA nominee will do with the FDA cast a long shadow over parts of the discussion. Here were some of the more interesting conversation points across a couple of the panel discussions I attended.  Telemedicine, telehealth and the impact of 5G Advertisement Most people don’t think of cancer treatment and telemedicine intersecting but as Rebecca Kaul, Houston-based MD Anderson Chief Innovation Officer noted, cancer center patients tend to have a varied geographical base. “We think telemedicine is highly important — two-thirds of our patients come from outside of Texas.” John Donovan, AT&T Chief Strategy Officer and group president for AT&T Technology and Operations, noted that 5G had the potential to improve the quality of virtual interactions between patients and physicians. 5G will improve the quality of technology execution from telemedicine from near real time to real time, he noted. Donovan pointed out that healthcare is one of several industries hindered by slow technology. This advancement could help not only healthcare but other industries as well such as fintech. Coping with technology shortcomings Another interesting part was when the discussion tackled some of the shortcomings of technology, particularly when our expectations can’t be matched by the reality on the ground. Greg Simon, director of the Biden Cancer Initiative at the Biden Foundation, defended platforms like IBM Watson by noting that even the Hubble space telescope when initially launched had blurry vision. It took a team of scientists to correct that.  The computer platform is not a panacea because one of the challenges of new technology is that it takes time before it rises to its potential. “It’s not that surprising that Watson isn’t perfect,” Simon noted. “It is still a student. It reads everything but it doesn’t know everything.” Aman Bhandari, Merck executive director of data, sciences and partnerships, observed that there is dissonance between what we have the ability to do and what is actually happening in the healthcare delivery system. “So much great innovation is happening, yet our current health delivery system isn’t working to make those innovations available to everyone,” Bhandari said. Even immunotherapy, which is a hot area of investment for venture capital and is regarded as a promising new technology, has its own set of shortcomings. The problem with immunotherapy is that it can attack healthy tissue as well as unhealthy tissue. Big data and interoperability often rise to the surface as obstacles in healthcare and these sessions were no exception. In a lightning round for a panel moderated by Halle Tecco, who founded Rock Health and now teaches a class at Columbia Business School, she asked panelists what’s the biggest challenge they currently face. Bhandari noted data liquidity and Tecco’s husband Jeff Hammerbacher, the cofounder of Cloudera, called attention to the “Tower of Babel” around data. Every regulation at the FDA has been written in blood With speculation that President Donald Trump’s nomination to head up the U.S. Food and Drug Administration will champion deregulation, several of the panelists in one session feared what the consequences might be. Simon and Bhandari touched on the evolution of the FDA. “Every regulation at the FDA has been written in blood,” said Simon solemnly. “You will not hear from the cancer community that the FDA is slow and burdensome.” Bhandari added, “Every major regulation has happened because of a public health concern.” Simon expressed the hope that the administration would steer clear of cancer initiatives that have already been launched. Another panelist expressed the hope that providing better education support to patients about particular clinical trials would help with poor recruitment efforts. Simon was also frustrated by the way data from clinical trials is not released until one year after the clinical study was finished and hoped that would change. Advice for startups Tecco also asked her panel to offer some advice for startups. At some point in the conversation, Bhandari expressed some frustration with startups that make AI and machine learning claims without providing a more nuanced approach to how they are using these tools or even noting the slight differences between the two. Machine learning is one aspect of AI, which is a much broader term. Simon advised entrepreneurs to “immerse yourself in patients” and focus on their interests and priorities rather than investors, adding: “Don’t think about investors or the markets — if you immerse yourself in patients, you will figure something out.” Photo: xrisca30, Getty Images, Shares55 Topics AT&T, Austin, Biden Cancer initiative, cancer, health IT, MD Anderson, Merck, SxSW, Texas As biotech and informatics converge, how are VCs adapting? HSA providers stand to gain millions more customers (and fees) with GOP healthcare bill Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. 1 comment GOT NEWS? SEND US A TIP  MedCity >> Inbox Get the latest industry news first when you subscribe to our daily newsletter. Promoted Keys to Successful Care Organizations It is imperative to carefully select data management and communications tools that benchmark performance and drive efficiencies. Discover how to optimize care management functions, value-based care delivery and revenue. The Diary From the MedCity Team Medtronic sans the medical supplies business means RIP widget maker Arundhati Parmar  |  11:43 pm, April 6 Yale spinout raises $1.5M to help physicians match patients with right depression drug Stephanie Baum  |  3:43 pm, April 10 SEC cracks down on fake biotech analyst posts Juliet Preston  |  9:52 pm, April 10 Promoted Reducing cardiovascular disease risk with omega-3s Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the number one killer of Americans, and by 2030, nearly 44 percent of U.S. adults will have… Know Your Ω™ × Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Shares55
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Axovant Sciences Announces Appointment of Dr. David Hung as Chief Executive Officer and Expansion of Board of Directors - David Hung, MD, founder and former CEO of Medivation, joins as Chief Executive Officer and Director - Vivek Ramaswamy to remain on Board of Directors and assume full-time role as CEO of parent company Roivant Sciences - Marion McCourt, former COO of Medivation, joins as President and Chief Operating Officer - Former Medivation directors Kate Falberg and Tony Vernon appointed to Board of Directors - MINDSET study results for intepirdine in mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease expected in late September 2017 News provided by Axovant Sciences Apr 10, 2017, 08:15 ET Share this article BASEL, Switzerland, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Axovant Sciences (NYSE:  AXON), a leading clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the treatment of dementia, today announced that David Hung, MD, has been named Chief Executive Officer of Axovant Sciences, effective April 7, 2017. Dr. Hung, who also joined Axovant's Board of Directors, succeeds founding Chief Executive Officer Vivek Ramaswamy. Mr. Ramaswamy will continue to serve on Axovant's Board of Directors and will lead parent company and majority owner Roivant Sciences as its full-time Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Hung brings more than 20 years of leadership and management experience in the life sciences industry. He was the founder, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Medivation through its acquisition by Pfizer for approximately $14 billion in September 2016. "I can think of no one better suited to serve at the helm of Axovant than David Hung," stated Mr. Ramaswamy. "We were not searching for a new CEO at Axovant, but following the acquisition of Medivation I approached David about taking a role with us after the MINDSET study. David decided that he wanted to join us now. I have enjoyed a close professional and personal relationship with David over the last ten years, and I am truly thrilled that Axovant is in capable hands as I transition full-time to my role as CEO of Roivant." "I am excited by the opportunity to lead Axovant to become a leader in neurology," Dr. Hung said. "Vivek and his team have done an incredible job of building Axovant over the past two years. I am especially excited by the MINDSET study and the opportunity to build a world-leading and highly innovative neurology pipeline over the next decade. While I am proud of my accomplishments at Medivation, I aspire to even greater lasting accomplishments here at Axovant." Dr. Hung founded Medivation in 2003 and served as President and CEO through its acquisition by Pfizer in 2016. During his tenure as CEO, Medivation achieved FDA approval for XTANDI® (enzalutamide) as a treatment for patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer. XTANDI® is the top-selling prostate cancer treatment globally. Prior to his founding and leadership experiences with Medivation, Dr. Hung served as President and CEO at ProDuct Health, Inc., from 1999 until its acquisition by Cytyc Corporation in 2001, and was Vice President of New Projects as well as Lead Discovery and Development at Chiron Corporation. Dr. Hung completed clinical fellowships in hematology, oncology, and transfusion medicine as well as basic science research fellowships in molecular biology at the University of California, San Francisco, School of Medicine. Dr. Hung received an MD Alpha Omega Alpha from the University of California, San Francisco, School of Medicine, and an AB in Biology summa cum laude from Harvard College. Appointment of President and Chief Operating Officer Axovant Sciences also announced the appointment of Marion McCourt as President and Chief Operating Officer. Ms. McCourt served as Chief Operating Officer of Medivation from February 2016 through its acquisition by Pfizer. Prior to joining Medivation, Ms. McCourt served as Vice President, Commercial Operations, U.S., at Amgen. Prior to that, she also served as Vice President and General Manager of the Bone Health & Primary Care Business Unit at Amgen. Before joining Amgen, Ms. McCourt served in numerous positions of increasing responsibility at AstraZeneca, including as Chief Operating Officer of AstraZeneca U.S., where she was responsible for all U.S. commercial functions, medical affairs, business development, finance, human resources, legal, operations, and corporate affairs. Ms. McCourt holds a BS in Biology from Lafayette College. "We are pleased to have Marion join our leadership team," said Dr. Hung. "She was a key member of my leadership team at Medivation and has a long track record of operating successful businesses. We expect Marion to play a critical role in preparing Axovant for the next stage of its growth as a company with a deep development pipeline and the potential to launch multiple commercial products targeting some of the world's greatest unmet medical needs."  Expansion of Board of Directors In addition, Axovant Sciences announced the appointment of two new members to the company's Board of Directors. Kathryn ("Kate") E. Falberg and William Anthony ("Tony") Vernon have joined as independent directors. Ms. Falberg and Mr. Vernon previously served as directors of Medivation through its acquisition by Pfizer. Ms. Falberg has previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of major biopharmaceutical companies including Amgen and Jazz Pharmaceuticals. Ms. Falberg served as Chief Financial Officer of Jazz Pharmaceuticals from December 2009 to March 2014. From 2001 through 2009, Ms. Falberg served on the Boards of Directors of numerous biopharmaceutical companies. From 1995 to 2001, Ms. Falberg served in positions of increasing responsibility at Amgen including ultimately as Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Falberg also serves on the boards of BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Aimmune Therapeutics, aTyr Pharma, and The Trade Desk. Ms. Falberg received an MBA in Finance and BA in Economics from the University of California, Los Angeles and is a certified public accountant, inactive. Mr. Vernon served as the Chief Executive Officer of the Kraft Foods Group from 2012 to 2014. From 2009 to 2011, Mr. Vernon served as the President of Kraft Foods North America and as an Executive Vice President of Kraft Foods. From 2006 to 2009, Mr. Vernon served as the healthcare industry partner for Ripplewood Holdings, a private equity firm. From 1982 to 2005, Mr. Vernon worked for Johnson & Johnson in a variety of leadership roles, including as Company Group Chairman of DePuy Orthopaedics, President of Centocor Biologics, President of McNeil Consumer Products and Nutritionals, and President of The Johnson & Johnson-Merck Joint Venture. Mr. Vernon currently serves on the boards of NovoCure, Intersect ENT and WhiteWave Foods. Mr. Vernon holds a BA in history from Lawrence University and an MBA from Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management. "We are pleased to welcome Kate and Tony to the Axovant Board of Directors," stated Mr. Ramaswamy. "Their experience and wisdom will be invaluable to us as Axovant becomes a major global pharmaceutical company in the years ahead."  "I had the pleasure of working with Kate and Tony on the board of Medivation where they provided exceptional counsel to me over the years," said Dr. Hung. "As Axovant approaches the potential launch of intepirdine, I look forward to once again leveraging their deep commercial, operational, and financial insights to help me build another world-class healthcare company." MINDSET Study Update Axovant recently completed enrollment for the MINDSET study. In total, the study randomized 1,315 patients on a stable background therapy of donepezil to treatment with either once-daily 35 mg intepirdine or placebo. The company expects topline results from the MINDSET study in late September 2017. About Axovant Sciences Axovant Sciences is a leading clinical-stage neurology company focused on the treatment of dementia and related neurological disorders. Axovant is developing a pipeline of product candidates to comprehensively address the cognitive, functional, and behavioral aspects of dementia. Our vision is to become the leading company focused on the treatment of dementia by broadly addressing multiple forms of this condition through developing innovative new medicines for patients. About Roivant Sciences Roivant Sciences delivers R&D solutions to the biopharmaceutical industry through partnerships designed to realize the full potential of promising biomedical research. Roivant advances its drug pipelines through wholly- or majority-owned Vants, including Axovant (neurology), Myovant (women's health and prostate cancer), Dermavant (dermatology), Enzyvant (rare diseases), and Urovant (urology). Roivant's partners include Merck, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, GlaxoSmithKline, Eisai, and Vertex Pharmaceuticals. Our long-range mission is to reduce the time and cost of developing new medicines for patients and to share those savings with the healthcare system.  Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding Axovant's clinical development and regulatory strategy for intepirdine and nelotanserin. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the words "believe," "anticipate," "continue," "estimate," "project," "expect," "plan," "potential," "intend," "will," "would," "could," "should" or the negative or plural of these words or other similar expressions that are predictions or indicate future events, trends or prospects. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: risks associated with the success, cost and timing of our product development activities and clinical trials; the approval and commercialization of intepirdine and nelotanserin; and increased regulatory requirements. These statements are subject to the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and regulatory agencies, medical and scientific experts and others may not share Axovant's views of the clinical study data. In addition, promising interim results or other preliminary analyses do not in any way ensure that later or final results in a clinical trial or in related or similar clinical trials will replicate those interim results. The product discussed is investigational and not approved and there can be no assurance that the clinical program for intepirdine or nelotanserin will be successful in demonstrating safety and/or efficacy, that we will not encounter problems or delays in clinical development, or that any of our product candidates will ever receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized. For a further description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to Axovant's business in general, see the "Risk Factors" section of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2017, and other filings that Axovant makes with the SEC from time to time. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Axovant as of the date of this press release and speak only as of the date of this release. Axovant disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law. XTANDI® is a registered trademark of Pfizer, Inc. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/axovant-sciences-announces-appointment-of-dr-david-hung-as-chief-executive-officer-and-expansion-of-board-of-directors-300437074.html SOURCE Axovant Sciences Mar 20, 2017, 16:35 ET Preview: Axovant Sciences Announces Presentation Time Change at Oppenheimer Healthcare Conference My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 20, 2017, 16:35 ETAxovant Sciences Announces Presentation Time Change at... Feb 27, 2017, 16:30 ETAxovant Sciences to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Pharmaceuticals Personnel Announcements Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries You just read: Axovant Sciences Announces Appointment of Dr. David Hung as Chief Executive Officer and Expansion of Board of Directors News provided by Axovant Sciences Apr 10, 2017, 08:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Axovant Sciences Announces Appointment of Dr. David Hung as Chief Executive Officer and Expansion of Board of Directors BASEL, Switzerland, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Axovant Sciences (NYSE:  AXON), a leading clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the treatment of dementia, today announced that David Hung, MD, has been named Chief Executive Officer of Axovant Sciences, effective April 7, 2017. Dr. Hung, who also joined Axovant’s Board of Directors, succeeds founding Chief Executive Officer Vivek Ramaswamy. Mr. Ramaswamy will continue to serve on Axovant’s Board of Directors and will lead parent company and majority owner Roivant Sciences as its full-time Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Hung brings more than 20 years of leadership and management experience in the life sciences industry. He was the founder, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Medivation through its acquisition by Pfizer for approximately $14 billion in September 2016. „I can think of no one better suited to serve at the helm of Axovant than David Hung,” stated Mr. Ramaswamy. „We were not searching for a new CEO at Axovant, but following the acquisition of Medivation I approached David about taking a role with us after the MINDSET study. David decided that he wanted to join us now. I have enjoyed a close professional and personal relationship with David over the last ten years, and I am truly thrilled that Axovant is in capable hands as I transition full-time to my role as CEO of Roivant.” „I am excited by the opportunity to lead Axovant to become a leader in neurology,” Dr. Hung said. „Vivek and his team have done an incredible job of building Axovant over the past two years. I am especially excited by the MINDSET study and the opportunity to build a world-leading and highly innovative neurology pipeline over the next decade. While I am proud of my accomplishments at Medivation, I aspire to even greater lasting accomplishments here at Axovant.” Dr. Hung founded Medivation in 2003 and served as President and CEO through its acquisition by Pfizer in 2016. During his tenure as CEO, Medivation achieved FDA approval for XTANDI® (enzalutamide) as a treatment for patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer. XTANDI® is the top-selling prostate cancer treatment globally. Prior to his founding and leadership experiences with Medivation, Dr. Hung served as President and CEO at ProDuct Health, Inc., from 1999 until its acquisition by Cytyc Corporation in 2001, and was Vice President of New Projects as well as Lead Discovery and Development at Chiron Corporation. Dr. Hung completed clinical fellowships in hematology, oncology, and transfusion medicine as well as basic science research fellowships in molecular biology at the University of California, San Francisco, School of Medicine. Dr. Hung received an MD Alpha Omega Alpha from the University of California, San Francisco, School of Medicine, and an AB in Biology summa cum laude from Harvard College. Appointment of President and Chief Operating Officer Axovant Sciences also announced the appointment of Marion McCourt as President and Chief Operating Officer. Ms. McCourt served as Chief Operating Officer of Medivation from February 2016 through its acquisition by Pfizer. Prior to joining Medivation, Ms. McCourt served as Vice President, Commercial Operations, U.S., at Amgen. Prior to that, she also served as Vice President and General Manager of the Bone Health & Primary Care Business Unit at Amgen. Before joining Amgen, Ms. McCourt served in numerous positions of increasing responsibility at AstraZeneca, including as Chief Operating Officer of AstraZeneca U.S., where she was responsible for all U.S. commercial functions, medical affairs, business development, finance, human resources, legal, operations, and corporate affairs. Ms. McCourt holds a BS in Biology from Lafayette College. „We are pleased to have Marion join our leadership team,” said Dr. Hung. „She was a key member of my leadership team at Medivation and has a long track record of operating successful businesses. We expect Marion to play a critical role in preparing Axovant for the next stage of its growth as a company with a deep development pipeline and the potential to launch multiple commercial products targeting some of the world’s greatest unmet medical needs.”  Expansion of Board of Directors In addition, Axovant Sciences announced the appointment of two new members to the company’s Board of Directors. Kathryn („Kate”) E. Falberg and William Anthony („Tony”) Vernon have joined as independent directors. Ms. Falberg and Mr. Vernon previously served as directors of Medivation through its acquisition by Pfizer. Ms. Falberg has previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of major biopharmaceutical companies including Amgen and Jazz Pharmaceuticals. Ms. Falberg served as Chief Financial Officer of Jazz Pharmaceuticals from December 2009 to March 2014. From 2001 through 2009, Ms. Falberg served on the Boards of Directors of numerous biopharmaceutical companies. From 1995 to 2001, Ms. Falberg served in positions of increasing responsibility at Amgen including ultimately as Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Falberg also serves on the boards of BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Aimmune Therapeutics, aTyr Pharma, and The Trade Desk. Ms. Falberg received an MBA in Finance and BA in Economics from the University of California, Los Angeles and is a certified public accountant, inactive. Mr. Vernon served as the Chief Executive Officer of the Kraft Foods Group from 2012 to 2014. From 2009 to 2011, Mr. Vernon served as the President of Kraft Foods North America and as an Executive Vice President of Kraft Foods. From 2006 to 2009, Mr. Vernon served as the healthcare industry partner for Ripplewood Holdings, a private equity firm. From 1982 to 2005, Mr. Vernon worked for Johnson & Johnson in a variety of leadership roles, including as Company Group Chairman of DePuy Orthopaedics, President of Centocor Biologics, President of McNeil Consumer Products and Nutritionals, and President of The Johnson & Johnson-Merck Joint Venture. Mr. Vernon currently serves on the boards of NovoCure, Intersect ENT and WhiteWave Foods. Mr. Vernon holds a BA in history from Lawrence University and an MBA from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management. „We are pleased to welcome Kate and Tony to the Axovant Board of Directors,” stated Mr. Ramaswamy. „Their experience and wisdom will be invaluable to us as Axovant becomes a major global pharmaceutical company in the years ahead.”  „I had the pleasure of working with Kate and Tony on the board of Medivation where they provided exceptional counsel to me over the years,” said Dr. Hung. „As Axovant approaches the potential launch of intepirdine, I look forward to once again leveraging their deep commercial, operational, and financial insights to help me build another world-class healthcare company.” MINDSET Study Update Axovant recently completed enrollment for the MINDSET study. In total, the study randomized 1,315 patients on a stable background therapy of donepezil to treatment with either once-daily 35 mg intepirdine or placebo. The company expects topline results from the MINDSET study in late September 2017. About Axovant Sciences Axovant Sciences is a leading clinical-stage neurology company focused on the treatment of dementia and related neurological disorders. Axovant is developing a pipeline of product candidates to comprehensively address the cognitive, functional, and behavioral aspects of dementia. Our vision is to become the leading company focused on the treatment of dementia by broadly addressing multiple forms of this condition through developing innovative new medicines for patients. About Roivant Sciences Roivant Sciences delivers R&D solutions to the biopharmaceutical industry through partnerships designed to realize the full potential of promising biomedical research. Roivant advances its drug pipelines through wholly- or majority-owned Vants, including Axovant (neurology), Myovant (women’s health and prostate cancer), Dermavant (dermatology), Enzyvant (rare diseases), and Urovant (urology). Roivant’s partners include Merck, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, GlaxoSmithKline, Eisai, and Vertex Pharmaceuticals. Our long-range mission is to reduce the time and cost of developing new medicines for patients and to share those savings with the healthcare system.  Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding Axovant’s clinical development and regulatory strategy for intepirdine and nelotanserin. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the words „believe,” „anticipate,” „continue,” „estimate,” „project,” „expect,” „plan,” „potential,” „intend,” „will,” „would,” „could,” „should” or the negative or plural of these words or other similar expressions that are predictions or indicate future events, trends or prospects. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: risks associated with the success, cost and timing of our product development activities and clinical trials; the approval and commercialization of intepirdine and nelotanserin; and increased regulatory requirements. These statements are subject to the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and regulatory agencies, medical and scientific experts and others may not share Axovant’s views of the clinical study data. In addition, promising interim results or other preliminary analyses do not in any way ensure that later or final results in a clinical trial or in related or similar clinical trials will replicate those interim results. The product discussed is investigational and not approved and there can be no assurance that the clinical program for intepirdine or nelotanserin will be successful in demonstrating safety and/or efficacy, that we will not encounter problems or delays in clinical development, or that any of our product candidates will ever receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized. For a further description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to Axovant’s business in general, see the „Risk Factors” section of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2017, and other filings that Axovant makes with the SEC from time to time. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Axovant as of the date of this press release and speak only as of the date of this release. Axovant disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law. XTANDI® is a registered trademark of Pfizer, Inc. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/axovant-sciences-announces-appointment-of-dr-david-hung-as-chief-executive-officer-and-expansion-of-board-of-directors-300437074.html SOURCE Axovant Sciences CategoriesUncategorized TagsClinical Trials & Medical Discoveries, Personnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious China Endocrine System Agents Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Next PostNext Medical Linear Accelerator Components and Accessories Market Size 2017, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Search Recent Posts Global Factor IX Deficiency Treatment Market Analysis and Forecast: Based On Latest Research 2021 Worldwide Event Management Software Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2021 Research Developments Project Contraceptive Sponges Market to Gain Maximum Growth By 2021 Worldwide Repaglinide Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2021 Games Room Stuff Announces the Launch of Their New Games Room Equipment Website Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,658 +1.92 +0.01% Nasdaq 5,881 +3.11 +0.05% S&P 500 2,357 +1.62 +0.07% 3:03 A.M. ET LVMH shares rise 2% after sales rise 15% 3:01 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.4% lower at 12,147.96 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.5% lower at 5,081.11 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,333.81 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 380.14 2:17 A.M. ET HSBC hits Huishan Dairy with default claim 2:16 A.M. ET Australia business conditions at best since crisis 2:16 A.M. ET JD Sports full-year profit up 56% despite Brexit 2:15 A.M. ET Qualcomm hits back at Apple in legal battle 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers price target lifted to $43 from $37: RBC Capital 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers lifted to outperform from sector perform: RBC Capital 1:23 A.M. ET 'Competitive concerns over Yelp's relevance are overdone': Pacific Crest 1:23 A.M. ET Yelp lifted to overweight from sector weight, $43 price target: Pacific Crest 1:19 A.M. ET Oil prices steady after a 5-day winning streak 4/10 Qualcomm says Apple would be nothing without its technology 4/10 Commodity gains boost Asian markets, offsetting geopolitical worries 4/10 Updated Judge rules Texas voter ID law discriminatory, again 4/10 Updated Alabama governor’s wife discovered affair on iCloud account 4/10 U.S. says Russian master of malware arrested in Spain 4/10 Updated U.S. takes hard line on Syria as Tillerson meets with G-7 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Axovant Sciences Announces Appointment of Dr. David Hung as Chief Executive Officer and Expansion of Board of Directors By Published: Apr 10, 2017 8:15 a.m. ET Share - David Hung, MD, founder and former CEO of Medivation, joins as Chief Executive Officer and Director- Vivek Ramaswamy to remain on Board of Directors and assume full-time role as CEO of parent company Roivant Sciences- Marion McCourt, former COO of Medivation, joins as President and Chief Operating Officer- Former Medivation directors Kate Falberg and Tony Vernon appointed to Board of Directors- MINDSET study results for intepirdine in mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease expected in late September 2017 BASEL, Switzerland, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Axovant Sciences (NYSE: AXON), a leading clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the treatment of dementia, today announced that David Hung, MD, has been named Chief Executive Officer of Axovant Sciences, effective April 7, 2017. Dr. Hung, who also joined Axovant's Board of Directors, succeeds founding Chief Executive Officer Vivek Ramaswamy. Mr. Ramaswamy will continue to serve on Axovant's Board of Directors and will lead parent company and majority owner Roivant Sciences as its full-time Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Hung brings more than 20 years of leadership and management experience in the life sciences industry. He was the founder, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Medivation through its acquisition by Pfizer for approximately $14 billion in September 2016. "I can think of no one better suited to serve at the helm of Axovant than David Hung," stated Mr. Ramaswamy. "We were not searching for a new CEO at Axovant, but following the acquisition of Medivation I approached David about taking a role with us after the MINDSET study. David decided that he wanted to join us now. I have enjoyed a close professional and personal relationship with David over the last ten years, and I am truly thrilled that Axovant is in capable hands as I transition full-time to my role as CEO of Roivant." "I am excited by the opportunity to lead Axovant to become a leader in neurology," Dr. Hung said. "Vivek and his team have done an incredible job of building Axovant over the past two years. I am especially excited by the MINDSET study and the opportunity to build a world-leading and highly innovative neurology pipeline over the next decade. While I am proud of my accomplishments at Medivation, I aspire to even greater lasting accomplishments here at Axovant." Dr. Hung founded Medivation in 2003 and served as President and CEO through its acquisition by Pfizer in 2016. During his tenure as CEO, Medivation achieved FDA approval for XTANDI® (enzalutamide) as a treatment for patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer. XTANDI® is the top-selling prostate cancer treatment globally. Prior to his founding and leadership experiences with Medivation, Dr. Hung served as President and CEO at ProDuct Health, Inc., from 1999 until its acquisition by Cytyc Corporation in 2001, and was Vice President of New Projects as well as Lead Discovery and Development at Chiron Corporation. Dr. Hung completed clinical fellowships in hematology, oncology, and transfusion medicine as well as basic science research fellowships in molecular biology at the University of California, San Francisco, School of Medicine. Dr. Hung received an MD Alpha Omega Alpha from the University of California, San Francisco, School of Medicine, and an AB in Biology summa cum laude from Harvard College. Appointment of President and Chief Operating Officer Axovant Sciences also announced the appointment of Marion McCourt as President and Chief Operating Officer. Ms. McCourt served as Chief Operating Officer of Medivation from February 2016 through its acquisition by Pfizer. Prior to joining Medivation, Ms. McCourt served as Vice President, Commercial Operations, U.S., at Amgen. Prior to that, she also served as Vice President and General Manager of the Bone Health & Primary Care Business Unit at Amgen. Before joining Amgen, Ms. McCourt served in numerous positions of increasing responsibility at AstraZeneca, including as Chief Operating Officer of AstraZeneca U.S., where she was responsible for all U.S. commercial functions, medical affairs, business development, finance, human resources, legal, operations, and corporate affairs. Ms. McCourt holds a BS in Biology from Lafayette College. "We are pleased to have Marion join our leadership team," said Dr. Hung. "She was a key member of my leadership team at Medivation and has a long track record of operating successful businesses. We expect Marion to play a critical role in preparing Axovant for the next stage of its growth as a company with a deep development pipeline and the potential to launch multiple commercial products targeting some of the world's greatest unmet medical needs."  Expansion of Board of Directors In addition, Axovant Sciences announced the appointment of two new members to the company's Board of Directors. Kathryn ("Kate") E. Falberg and William Anthony ("Tony") Vernon have joined as independent directors. Ms. Falberg and Mr. Vernon previously served as directors of Medivation through its acquisition by Pfizer. Ms. Falberg has previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of major biopharmaceutical companies including Amgen and Jazz Pharmaceuticals. Ms. Falberg served as Chief Financial Officer of Jazz Pharmaceuticals from December 2009 to March 2014. From 2001 through 2009, Ms. Falberg served on the Boards of Directors of numerous biopharmaceutical companies. From 1995 to 2001, Ms. Falberg served in positions of increasing responsibility at Amgen including ultimately as Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Falberg also serves on the boards of BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Aimmune Therapeutics, aTyr Pharma, and The Trade Desk. Ms. Falberg received an MBA in Finance and BA in Economics from the University of California, Los Angeles and is a certified public accountant, inactive. Mr. Vernon served as the Chief Executive Officer of the Kraft Foods Group from 2012 to 2014. From 2009 to 2011, Mr. Vernon served as the President of Kraft Foods North America and as an Executive Vice President of Kraft Foods. From 2006 to 2009, Mr. Vernon served as the healthcare industry partner for Ripplewood Holdings, a private equity firm. From 1982 to 2005, Mr. Vernon worked for Johnson & Johnson in a variety of leadership roles, including as Company Group Chairman of DePuy Orthopaedics, President of Centocor Biologics, President of McNeil Consumer Products and Nutritionals, and President of The Johnson & Johnson-Merck Joint Venture. Mr. Vernon currently serves on the boards of NovoCure, Intersect ENT and WhiteWave Foods. Mr. Vernon holds a BA in history from Lawrence University and an MBA from Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management. "We are pleased to welcome Kate and Tony to the Axovant Board of Directors," stated Mr. Ramaswamy. "Their experience and wisdom will be invaluable to us as Axovant becomes a major global pharmaceutical company in the years ahead."  "I had the pleasure of working with Kate and Tony on the board of Medivation where they provided exceptional counsel to me over the years," said Dr. Hung. "As Axovant approaches the potential launch of intepirdine, I look forward to once again leveraging their deep commercial, operational, and financial insights to help me build another world-class healthcare company." MINDSET Study Update Axovant recently completed enrollment for the MINDSET study. In total, the study randomized 1,315 patients on a stable background therapy of donepezil to treatment with either once-daily 35 mg intepirdine or placebo. The company expects topline results from the MINDSET study in late September 2017. About Axovant Sciences Axovant Sciences is a leading clinical-stage neurology company focused on the treatment of dementia and related neurological disorders. Axovant is developing a pipeline of product candidates to comprehensively address the cognitive, functional, and behavioral aspects of dementia. Our vision is to become the leading company focused on the treatment of dementia by broadly addressing multiple forms of this condition through developing innovative new medicines for patients. About Roivant Sciences Roivant Sciences delivers R&D solutions to the biopharmaceutical industry through partnerships designed to realize the full potential of promising biomedical research. Roivant advances its drug pipelines through wholly- or majority-owned Vants, including Axovant (neurology), Myovant (women's health and prostate cancer), Dermavant (dermatology), Enzyvant (rare diseases), and Urovant (urology). Roivant's partners include Merck, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, GlaxoSmithKline, Eisai, and Vertex Pharmaceuticals. Our long-range mission is to reduce the time and cost of developing new medicines for patients and to share those savings with the healthcare system.  Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding Axovant's clinical development and regulatory strategy for intepirdine and nelotanserin. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the words "believe," "anticipate," "continue," "estimate," "project," "expect," "plan," "potential," "intend," "will," "would," "could," "should" or the negative or plural of these words or other similar expressions that are predictions or indicate future events, trends or prospects. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: risks associated with the success, cost and timing of our product development activities and clinical trials; the approval and commercialization of intepirdine and nelotanserin; and increased regulatory requirements. These statements are subject to the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and regulatory agencies, medical and scientific experts and others may not share Axovant's views of the clinical study data. In addition, promising interim results or other preliminary analyses do not in any way ensure that later or final results in a clinical trial or in related or similar clinical trials will replicate those interim results. The product discussed is investigational and not approved and there can be no assurance that the clinical program for intepirdine or nelotanserin will be successful in demonstrating safety and/or efficacy, that we will not encounter problems or delays in clinical development, or that any of our product candidates will ever receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized. For a further description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to Axovant's business in general, see the "Risk Factors" section of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2017, and other filings that Axovant makes with the SEC from time to time. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Axovant as of the date of this press release and speak only as of the date of this release. Axovant disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law. XTANDI® is a registered trademark of Pfizer, Inc. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/axovant-sciences-announces-appointment-of-dr-david-hung-as-chief-executive-officer-and-expansion-of-board-of-directors-300437074.html SOURCE Axovant Sciences Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular What United should have done in response to that video of a man being violently pulled off a flight Positive buzz sends first marijuana ETF sharply higher in early days of trading Why you, too, could get dragged off a plane if the airline overbooks your flight ‘Re-accommodate’ is United’s euphemism for forcibly dragging passenger off an airplane Can employers solve the student-loan crisis? MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Sections Watchlist Signup • Login Search Home Latest News Markets Personal Finance Retirement Investing FA Center Economy & Politics Real Estate Quotes Video SectorWatch Profile Settings Email & Alerts Watchlist Games Bulletin US Europe Asia FX Rates Futures Range 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M 1Y 2Y Dow 20,658.02 1.92 0.01% S&P 500 2,357.16 1.62 0.07% Nasdaq 5,880.93 3.11 0.05% GlobalDow 2,673.85 -5.62 -0.21% Gold 1,258.80 4.90 0.39% Oil 52.87 -0.21 -0.40% S&P 500 Movers(%) WFM 10.0 HES 4.0 R 2.7 RIG 2.6 AMD -3.1 MU -3.1 NVDA -2.6 INCY -2.3 Latest NewsAll Times Eastern 3:03a LVMH shares rise 2% after sales rise 15% 3:01a Germany's DAX opens 0.4% lower at 12,147.96 3:01a France's CAC 40 opens 0.5% lower at 5,081.11 3:01a U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,333.81 3:00a Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 380.14 2:17a HSBC hits Huishan Dairy with default claim 2:16a Australia business conditions at best since crisis 2:16a JD Sports full-year profit up 56% despite Brexit 2:15a Qualcomm hits back at Apple in legal battle 2:07a Toll Brothers price target lifted to $43 from $37: RBC Capital to be replaced Welcome to your new quote page We're hard at work to transition all ticker pages to this new look and feel. Have questions or concerns? Please email us at mwfeedback@marketwatch.com. Learn about the new look … or Dismiss this message Home Investing Quotes Stocks United States DVAX Stock Screener Earnings Calendar Sectors Nasdaq DVAX U.S.: Nasdaq Join TD Ameritrade Find a Broker Dynavax Technologies Corp. Watchlist CreateDVAXAlert After Hours Last Updated: Apr 10, 2017 4:59 p.m. $ 5.25 0.00 0.00% After Hours Volume: 856 Close Chg Chg % $5.25 0.00 0.00% Advanced Charting 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M YTD 1Y 3Y All $ % Vol 55.43% vs Avg. Volume: 749.1K 65 Day Avg. - 1.4M Open: 5.30 Close: 5.25 5.175 Day Low/High 5.50 Day Range 3.20 52 Week Low/High 23.62 Your Watchlist Customize MarketWatch Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started. Create Account … or Log In Symbol Last Chg Chg % No Items in Watchlist There are currently no items in this Watchlist. Add Ticker to Watchlist (Go to Your Watchlist) No Saved Watchlists Create a list of the investments you want to track. Create Watchlist …or try this starter list Uh oh Something went wrong while loading Watchlist. Go to Watchlist Recently Viewed Tickers No Recent Tickers Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here. Search Tickers Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders Key Data Open $5.30 Market Cap $232.85M Shares Outstanding 44.35M Public Float 43.58M Beta 1.53 Rev. per Employee $44K P/E Ratio n/a EPS $-2.91 Yield n/a Dividend n/a Exercise Dividend Date n/a Short Interest 7.19M 03/15/17 % of Float Shorted 16.51% Average Volume 1.35M Performance 5 Day -4.55% 1 Month -8.70% 3 Month 22.09% YTD 32.91% 1 Year -74.42% Recent News MarketWatch Other Dow Jones UPDATE: Dynavax shares reverse premarket losses to open flat Shares of Dynavax Technologies Corp. reversed premarket losses to trade flat at the open Monday, after the biotech reported findings from an early-stage trial of its SD-101 treatment for metastatic melanoma in combination with Merck & Co.'s Keytruda. Dynavax said the trial produced results for efficacy in 17 patients and safety in 22 patients. "In patients naïve to anti-PD-1 treatment, responses were observed in six out of seven patients, for an Overall Response Rate (ORR) of 86%," the company said in a statement. "This includes two (29%) complete responses (CR) and four (57%) partial responses (PR). Target tumor shrinkage was observed in all 7 evaluable patients." Dynavax Chief Medical Officer Robert Janssen said the results allow the company explore higher doses of the drug. Shares have fallen 63% in the last 12 months, while the S&P 500 has gained 19%. Mar. 6, 2017 at 9:33 a.m. ET by Ciara Linnane Dynavax shares fall 4% premarket after it releases data from melanoma trial Dynavax shares fall 4% premarket after it releases data from melanoma trial Mar. 6, 2017 at 8:24 a.m. ET by Ciara Linnane Dynavax stock surges 53% on new FDA review of Hep B vaccine and Trump statements about FDA deregulation Dynavax Technologies Corp. shares surged 54.4% in afternoon trade Wednesday after the company said the Food and Drug Administration would again review its Hepatitis B vaccine, after the regulator decided not to approve it last fall. Dynavax said it has responded to the additional information requested by the FDA, and that the FDA plans to make the decision by August 10. The surge may also be in part attributable to comments made by President Donald Trump during his first Congressional address late Tuesday, in which he said the FDA's approval process was "slow and burdensome" and that restraints needed to be removed. Dynavax shares have surged 58.0% over the last three months, compared with a 9.6% rise in the S&P 500 . Mar. 1, 2017 at 2:58 p.m. ET by Emma Court Dynavax's stock plunges after disappointing FDA response to Hep-B treatment Nov. 14, 2016 at 8:15 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore Dynavax's stock plunges 74% premarket after FDA asks for more info on hepatitis treatment Nov. 14, 2016 at 7:55 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore Dynavax stock drops then gains 30% after canceled FDA drug review confounds investors Sep. 6, 2016 at 12:29 p.m. ET by Emma Court Dynavax downgraded to sector perform from outperform at RBC Capital Apr. 28, 2016 at 8:59 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore 6 stocks to watch Sep. 9, 2015 at 3:39 p.m. ET by Harry Boxer Dow industrials hesitate at the 200-day average Jul. 30, 2015 at 11:28 a.m. ET by Michael Ashbaugh Ascena Retail shares rally after hours Sep. 24, 2013 at 5:50 p.m. ET by Wallace Witkowski FDA: Dynavax hep B vaccine needs more evaluation Feb. 25, 2013 at 6:49 a.m. ET Dynavax Tech down 14% in premarket Dec. 3, 2012 at 7:51 a.m. ET by Steve Gelsi Dynavax Tech off 17% in premarket trades Nov. 29, 2012 at 7:38 a.m. ET by Steve Gelsi Dynavax Tech falls 49% in premarket trades Nov. 16, 2012 at 8:42 a.m. ET by Steve Gelsi Wednesday’s biggest gaining and declining stocks May. 9, 2012 at 2:42 p.m. ET by MarketWatch Dynavax tumbles 24% on stock offer pricing May. 9, 2012 at 12:05 p.m. ET by Val Brickates Kennedy Dynavax jumps 25% on FDA update Jul. 28, 2011 at 9:45 a.m. ET by Val Brickates Kennedy Dynavax plunges 16% on mixed study results Jul. 20, 2011 at 11:26 a.m. ET by Val Brickates Kennedy Tuesday’s biggest gaining and declining stocks Sep. 21, 2010 at 5:57 p.m. ET by MarketWatch Drug stocks trend lower; Pfizer, Dynavax gain Dec. 9, 2009 at 2:34 p.m. ET by Val Brickates Kennedy Less is Not More for Biotech Investors Jan. 5, 2017 at 1:51 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Stocks to Watch: McDonald's, Apricus, Dynavax Jun. 10, 2013 at 9:02 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Dynavax Vaccine Needs Further Evaluation Feb. 25, 2013 at 12:31 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Stocks to Watch: Barnes & Noble, Elan Corp, Affymax Feb. 25, 2013 at 9:17 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Stocks to Watch: Schiff Nutrition, Penn National Gaming, Gap Nov. 16, 2012 at 9:15 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal CFO Moves: Dynavax, SAY Media, Sacre-Coure Minerals Aug. 14, 2012 at 4:22 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Stocks to Watch: Macy's, Green Mountain, Demand Media May. 9, 2012 at 9:23 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Flagstar Bancorp, Dynavax Technologies: Biggest Price Decliners (FBC, DVAX) May. 16, 2008 at 4:49 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Flagstar Bancorp, Dynavax Technologies: Biggest Price Decliners (FBC, DVAX) May. 16, 2008 at 12:36 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Xerium Technologies, Dynavax Technologies: Biggest Price Decliners (XRM, DVAX) Mar. 18, 2008 at 5:15 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Xerium Technologies, Dynavax Technologies: Biggest Price Decliners (XRM, DVAX) Mar. 18, 2008 at 12:55 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal MarketBeat: Selling Tellabs Jan. 8, 2007 at 8:43 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal MarketBeat: A Cure For What Ills Nov. 29, 2006 at 8:25 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal MarketBeat: About That Jobs Report Oct. 5, 2006 at 5:08 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Bids & Offers: Cut-Rate Drugs Feb. 20, 2004 at 12:21 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Recent News Other News Press Releases Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade Apr. 10, 2017 at 5:52 a.m. ET on benzinga.com Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade Apr. 10, 2017 at 5:52 a.m. ET on benzinga.com Biotech Forum Daily Digest: What's Next For Dynavax? Akorn On The Block? Biotech Forum Daily Digest: What's Next For Dynavax? Akorn On The Block? Apr. 10, 2017 at 5:13 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Dynavax: Important Catalyst For SD101 Dynavax: Important Catalyst For SD101 Apr. 5, 2017 at 11:59 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha What Dynavax Technologies Holders Need to Consider Heading Into the Heplisav-B PDUFA What Dynavax Technologies Holders Need to Consider Heading Into the Heplisav-B PDUFA Apr. 3, 2017 at 11:43 a.m. ET on GuruFocus.com Why Dynavax Technologies Corporation Stock Briefly Spiked Today Apr. 3, 2017 at 10:05 a.m. ET on Motley Fool Premarket Gainers as of 9:05 am Premarket Gainers as of 9:05 am Apr. 3, 2017 at 9:24 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha DVAX Option Alert: Oct 20 $12 Calls at the bid: 500 @ 1.2 vs 114 OI; Ref=$5.95 DVAX Option Alert: Oct 20 $12 Calls at the bid: 500 @ 1.2 vs 114 OI; Ref=$5.95 Mar. 28, 2017 at 9:41 a.m. ET on benzinga.com Marketplace Roundtable: Biotech Hanging In The Balance Marketplace Roundtable: Biotech Hanging In The Balance Mar. 25, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha 2 Attractive Biotech Stocks Under $10 For Spring 2 Attractive Biotech Stocks Under $10 For Spring Mar. 21, 2017 at 5:23 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha DVAX Option Alert: Oct 20 $10 Calls at the ask: 500 @ 1.5 vs 36 OI; Ref=$5.8 DVAX Option Alert: Oct 20 $10 Calls at the ask: 500 @ 1.5 vs 36 OI; Ref=$5.8 Mar. 20, 2017 at 12:46 p.m. ET on benzinga.com DVAX Option Alert: Jul 21 $7 Calls Sweep (5) at the ask: 1046 @ 1.2 vs 674 OI; Ref=$5.875 DVAX Option Alert: Jul 21 $7 Calls Sweep (5) at the ask: 1046 @ 1.2 vs 674 OI; Ref=$5.875 Mar. 17, 2017 at 11:18 a.m. ET on benzinga.com 10-K: DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP 10-K: DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP Mar. 13, 2017 at 4:21 p.m. ET on Edgar Online - (EDG = 10Q, 10K) Stock Update (NASDAQ:DVAX): Dynavax Technologies Corporation Reports 4Q and Year End 2016 Financial Results and Company Update Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:DVAX) reported financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended December ...[...] Mar. 13, 2017 at 8:55 a.m. ET on SmarterAnalyst 3 Beaten Down Stocks Ready to Bounce Back Mar. 9, 2017 at 10:26 a.m. ET on Motley Fool Dynavax Technologies (DVAX) Presents At Cowen and Company 37th Annual Health Care Conference Dynavax Technologies (DVAX) Presents At Cowen and Company 37th Annual Health Care Conference Mar. 7, 2017 at 3:55 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Dynavax Technologies Corporation (DVAX) Presents Clinical Data from SD-101 at the International Congress on Targeted Anticancer Therapies Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:DVAX) announced the presentation of findings in patients with metastatic melanoma in ...[...] Mar. 6, 2017 at 10:09 a.m. ET on SmarterAnalyst Dynavax: A Wee Glimmer Of Hope Dynavax: A Wee Glimmer Of Hope Mar. 3, 2017 at 8:22 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Mid-Day Market Update: Dow Rises Over 250 Points; Palo Alto Shares Plunge Mid-Day Market Update: Dow Rises Over 250 Points; Palo Alto Shares Plunge Mar. 1, 2017 at 11:17 a.m. ET on benzinga.com 4 Biopharma Stocks Moving the Market on Wednesday These are some of the biggest biopharma stocks moving on Wednesday, as markets have hit new intraday highs, continuing to climb in the wake of the White House announcements. Mar. 1, 2017 at 11:03 a.m. ET on 247WallSt.com Dynavax Announces FDA Advisory Committee Meeting to Review HEPLISAV-B Dynavax Announces FDA Advisory Committee Meeting to Review HEPLISAV-B Apr. 3, 2017 at 6:00 a.m. ET on Marketwired Dynavax Announces Upcoming Data Presentations for Three TLR9 Agonist Programs at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting Dynavax Announces Upcoming Data Presentations for Three TLR9 Agonist Programs at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting Mar. 20, 2017 at 6:00 a.m. ET on Marketwired Technical Reports on Biotech Stocks -- Nektar Therapeutics, Seattle Genetics, Dynavax Technologies, and BioMarin Pharma Technical Reports on Biotech Stocks -- Nektar Therapeutics, Seattle Genetics, Dynavax Technologies, and BioMarin Pharma Mar. 13, 2017 at 8:10 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Dynavax Reports Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 Financial Results and Company Update Dynavax Reports Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 Financial Results and Company Update Mar. 13, 2017 at 6:00 a.m. ET on Marketwired Dynavax Presents Promising Clinical Data from Lead Immuno-Oncology Candidate, SD-101, at the International Congress on Targeted Anticancer Therapies Dynavax Presents Promising Clinical Data from Lead Immuno-Oncology Candidate, SD-101, at the International Congress on Targeted Anticancer Therapies Mar. 6, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET on Marketwired Biotech's Outlook Strengthens After President Trump's Speech: Today's Reports on Dynavax Technologies and Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Biotech's Outlook Strengthens After President Trump's Speech: Today's Reports on Dynavax Technologies and Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Mar. 2, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Dynavax to Present at the Cowen and Company 37th Annual Health Care Conference Dynavax to Present at the Cowen and Company 37th Annual Health Care Conference Mar. 2, 2017 at 6:00 a.m. ET on Marketwired Dynavax Announces FDA Acceptance for Review of Its Complete Response to November 2016 CRL and PDUFA Action Date for HEPLISAV-B(TM) Dynavax Announces FDA Acceptance for Review of Its Complete Response to November 2016 CRL and PDUFA Action Date for HEPLISAV-B(TM) Feb. 28, 2017 at 4:01 p.m. ET on Marketwired Dynavax to Present at the 2017 RBC Capital Markets Global Healthcare Conference Dynavax to Present at the 2017 RBC Capital Markets Global Healthcare Conference Feb. 16, 2017 at 6:00 a.m. ET on Marketwired SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Dynavax Technologies Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Dynavax Technologies Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Jan. 13, 2017 at 11:10 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE UPCOMING DEADLINE: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of Dynavax Technologies Corporation of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of January 17, 2017 – DVAX UPCOMING DEADLINE: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of Dynavax Technologies Corporation of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of January 17, 2017 – DVAX Jan. 13, 2017 at 10:39 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX DEADLINE ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Dynavax Technologies Corporation (DVAX) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline: January 17, 2017 DEADLINE ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Dynavax Technologies Corporation (DVAX) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline: January 17, 2017 Jan. 13, 2017 at 10:10 a.m. ET on GlobeNewswire IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Dynavax Technologies Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Dynavax Technologies Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Jan. 12, 2017 at 6:10 p.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE DEADLINE ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Dynavax Technologies Corporation (DVAX) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline: January 17, 2017 DEADLINE ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Dynavax Technologies Corporation (DVAX) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline: January 17, 2017 Jan. 11, 2017 at 11:33 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE DVAX SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Reminds Investors of Commencement of a Class Action Involving Dynavax Technologies Corporation and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of January 17, 2017 Jan. 9, 2017 at 12:39 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Dynavax to Present at J.P. Morgan 35th Annual Healthcare Conference Jan. 9, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET on Marketwired DEADLINE ALERT: Brower Piven Reminds Investors Of The January 17, 2017 Deadline In Class Action Lawsuit And Encourages Investors With Losses In Excess of $100,000 From Investment In Dynavax Technologies Corporation To Contact The Firm Jan. 7, 2017 at 6:00 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Dynavax Technologies Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Jan. 6, 2017 at 2:28 p.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Dynavax Technologies Corporation (DVAX) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline: January 17, 2017 Jan. 6, 2017 at 10:26 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Dynavax Restructures and Emphasizes Immuno-Oncology Program Jan. 5, 2017 at 12:36 p.m. ET on Marketwired Dynavax Technologies Corp. Dynavax Technologies Corp. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company that uses toll-like receptor biology to discover and develop novel vaccines and therapeutics. The company's development programs are organized under its three areas of focus: vaccine adjuvants, cancer immunotherapy, and autoimmune and inflammatory diseases. Its lead product candidate is HEPLISAV, a Phase III investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. The company's other products under pipeline are SD-101, DV1179 Autoimmune Disease and AZD1419 Asthma Therapy. Dynavax Technologies was founded by Lawrence M. Lichtenstein, Dennis A. Carson and Eyal Raz on August 29, 1996 and is headquartered in Berkeley, CA. (See Full Profile) Analyst Ratings Sell Under Hold Over Buy Number of Ratings 4 Full Ratings Dynavax, GlaxoSmithKline Battling In Same Industry: Who Will Win? Feb. 23, 2016 at 12:31 p.m. ET on Benzinga.com William Blair's Best Ideas In A Volatile Market Aug. 27, 2015 at 2:36 p.m. ET on Benzinga.com JP Morgan Upgrades Dynavax Technologies To Overweight Mar. 23, 2015 at 9:23 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com Competitors Name Chg % Market Cap Gilead Sciences Inc. -0.24% $87.04B Biogen Inc. 0.21% $58.02B Momenta Pharmaceuticals Inc. -2.22% $970.02M Idera Pharmaceuticals Inc. 1.85% $322.04M AstraZeneca PLC ADR -1.32% $75.18B Competitor Data Provided By Partner Content Back to Top MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Trending Tickers Powered by UAL 0.90% TSLA 3.26% TXMD -19.48% OMER 3.03% BABA 2.49% Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Video Center Learn more. Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Orphan Drug Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Orphan Drug market is estimated at $145.89 million in 2016 and is expected to reach $265.63 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 10.5% from 2016 to 2022. Rising focus of big pharmaceutical companies on orphan drug improvement, increasing occurrence of rare diseases, government incentives for orphan medicine are some factors favouring the market growth. However, some factors such as high initial investment that leads to higher per patient treatment cost, reimbursement uncertainties and high cost of drug development are hindering the market. North America registered significant growth for the market during the forecast period due to rising healthcare spending, constructive government initiatives, growing occurrence of chronic diseases and small timeline required for orphan drug development. Some of the key players in the market include Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie Inc., Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Amgen, Inc., Bayer Healthcare, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bristol Myers Squibb, Celgene Corporation, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Genentech, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis, Pfizer Inc., Roche Holding AG, Sanofi Aventis and Vertex Pharmaceuticals. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/orphan-drug-market Drug Types Covered: • Biological orphan drugs • Non-biological orphan drugs Applications Covered: • Blood-related disorders • Nephrology • Neurology • Oncology • Infectious diseases • Cystic fibrosis • Other Applications Technologies Covered: • DNA recombination • Hybridoma and gene mapping • Transgenic • Other Technologies Pharmacological classes Covered: • Enzyme replacement • Gene and chromosome expression • Protein replacement Indications Covered: • Acute Myeloid Leukemia • Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy • Glioma • Graft vs Host Disease • Multiple Myeloma • Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma • Ovarian Cancer • Pancreatic Cancer • Renal Cell Carcinoma • Other Indications Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/orphan-drug-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global LPG Composite Cylinders Market 2021- Research Report Next PostNext Commercial Kitchen Ventilation System Market 2016-2026 by Segmentation: Based on Product, Application and Region Search Recent Posts Budgetary Impact Analysis for Executive Order Entitled “Omnibus Report on Significant Trade Deficits” Budgetary Impact Analysis for Executive Order Entitled “Establishing Enhanced Collection and Enforcement of Antidumping and Countervailing Duties and Violations of Trade and Customs Laws” Global Lockout Tagout Equipment Market 201: Overview, Opportunities, In-Depth Analysis Overview, Growth Impact and Demand Global Smart Mining Market is Expected to Reach a Value of USD 15838.01 Million by the End of 2022 PET Pharmaceutical Packaging Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Professional Market Analysis: Global Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 This report studies sales (consumption) of Corticosteroid in Global market, especially in USA, China, Europe, Japan, India and Southeast Asia, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Sumitomo Pfizer Novartis Merck Sanofi Johnson and Johnson GSK AstraZeneca Cipla … Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroid in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like USA China Europe Japan India Southeast Asia Split by product Types, with Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into聽 Cream Injection Other Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroid in each application, can be divided into Hospital Clinic Other Ask a comprehensive report sample, please feel free to contact to tinaning@qyresearch.com or http://www.qyresearcheurope.com/goods-474533.html Table of contents 1 Corticosteroid Overview 2 Global Corticosteroid Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 3 USA Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4 China Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5 Europe Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 6 Japan Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 7 India Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 8 Southeast Asia Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 9 Global Corticosteroid Manufacturers Analysis 10 Corticosteroid Manufacturing Cost Analysis 11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 13 Market Effect Factors Analysis 14 Global Corticosteroid Market Forecast (2017-2022) 15 Appendix Related Reports: Europe Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 China Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 20177 India Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 Japan Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 Korea Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 United States Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 Contact Details: Company Name: QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher Contact Person: Tina Ning Email: tinaning@qyresearch.com or qyresearcheurope@126.com Tel: 0086-20-22093278(CN) Web: http://www.qyresearchglobal.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global 4-Caster Rollators Market Research Report 2017 Next PostNext Trinitymascot Consultancy Services Pvt.Ltd. Announces Efforts to Hire More People to Take Their Product to Next Level Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Professional Market Analysis: Global Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 This report studies sales (consumption) of Corticosteroid in Global market, especially in USA, China, Europe, Japan, India and Southeast Asia, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Sumitomo Pfizer Novartis Merck Sanofi Johnson and Johnson GSK AstraZeneca Cipla … Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroid in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like USA China Europe Japan India Southeast Asia Split by product Types, with Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into聽 Cream Injection Other Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroid in each application, can be divided into Hospital Clinic Other Ask a comprehensive report sample, please feel free to contact to tinaning@qyresearch.com or http://www.qyresearcheurope.com/goods-474533.html Table of contents 1 Corticosteroid Overview 2 Global Corticosteroid Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 3 USA Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4 China Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5 Europe Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 6 Japan Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 7 India Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 8 Southeast Asia Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 9 Global Corticosteroid Manufacturers Analysis 10 Corticosteroid Manufacturing Cost Analysis 11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 13 Market Effect Factors Analysis 14 Global Corticosteroid Market Forecast (2017-2022) 15 Appendix Related Reports: Europe Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 China Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 20177 India Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 Japan Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 Korea Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 United States Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 Contact Details: Company Name: QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher Contact Person: Tina Ning Email: tinaning@qyresearch.com or qyresearcheurope@126.com Tel: 0086-20-22093278(CN) Web: http://www.qyresearchglobal.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global 4-Caster Rollators Market Research Report 2017 Next PostNext Trinitymascot Consultancy Services Pvt.Ltd. Announces Efforts to Hire More People to Take Their Product to Next Level Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Global Contraceptives Market, Industry Analysis, Trends and Forecast to 2021 According to the report “Global Contraceptives Market”, published by Market Data Forecast, the global market projected to reach USD 29.60 billion by 2021, at a CGSR of 6.6% from 2016 to 2021. For full report refer to http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-contraceptives-market-1228/ Contraceptives market is predicted to rise rapidly due to increasing awareness in making right decisions about their reproductive and sexual health. Contraception is a prevention of pregnancy by interfering with normal process of fertilization, ovulation and implantation through the use of drugs, surgical techniques, barriers, medical devices. They are the drugs which will also inhibit sexually transmitted diseases. These devices are available in different forms such as T-shaped, loop, coil, and triangle which are mostly made up of metal or plastic. Currently the trend witnessed in this market is the development of products such as sub-dermal contraceptive implants, vaginal rings, self-administrative contraceptive injections, non-surgical permanent contraception devices, etc. Free sample of the report is available at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-contraceptives-market-1228/request-sample The major drivers that influencing the market are increasing development of effective female contraceptive devices and drugs, implementation of the patient protection act as well as rising global prevalence of sexually transmitted infections (STI), technological advancements, increasing initiatives from government and NGO to promote contraceptives. Instead of critical family procedures adoption of new permanent contraceptive is the major factor in low-income countries. Constraints that are hindering the growth of the market are the raising prevalence of infertility, side effects associated with the use of contraceptive devices and drugs. Request for Discount http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-contraceptives-market-1228/request-discount The products are segmented based on Drug type and Medical Devices and studied for a deep-level understanding of the Contraceptives Market. Each sub segment is accompanied with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts as well. Based on Drug type:                              ·         Contraceptive pills               ·         Topical contraceptives       ·         Contraceptive injectable   ·         Others (contraceptive gels, jellies and creams)        Based on Medical Devices:                 ·         Male contraceptive devices             ·         Female contraceptive devices        ·         Female condoms ·         Intrauterine devices ·         Contraceptive sponges ·         Contraceptive diaphragms ·         Contraceptive patches ·         Subdermal contraceptive implants ·         Non-surgical permanent contraceptive devices Basis of geography, the Contraceptives market is analyzed under various regions namely North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Geographical Segmentation: ·         North America Contraceptives Market ·         Europe Contraceptives Market ·         Asia-pacific Contraceptives Market ·         Latin America Contraceptives Market ·         Middle East and Africa Contraceptives Market Enquire more about the report at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-contraceptives-market-1228/inquire The key players in Global Contraceptives Market are Bayer HealthCare AG, Medisafe Distribution Inc, Church & Dwight, Co., Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, Actavis, Inc., Cooper Surgical, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Pace Pharmaceuticals Inc., Medicines360, Reckitt Benckiser plc, Mayer Laboratories, Inc., and Pfizer, Inc. Buy now http://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/global-contraceptives-market-1228 Technological advancements in intrauterine contraceptive devices are expected to create new opportunities for new players in the global intrauterine contraceptive device market in the years to come. Increasing number of mergers and acquisitions and rising number of product innovations are some of the recent trends shown in the global intrauterine contraceptive device market. The Contraceptives Market study offers the following deliverables: Global, regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped Segment-level analysis in terms of Drug type and Medical Devices along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensive PESTLE Analysis Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, using Porter’s five forces analysis for analysing the level of competition and business strategy development A comprehensive list of key market players along with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies An executive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions Expertly devised analyst overview along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Medical Devices Segment: General Surgical Devices Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-general-surgical-device-market–1440/ Laparoscopy Device Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-laparoscopy-device-market-668/ Medical Device 3D Printing Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-medical-device-three-dimension-printing-market-330/ Wound Care Management Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-wound-care-management-devices-market-1644/ Refurbished Medical Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-refurbished-medical-devices-market-698/ About Market Data Forecast: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, they cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. From all-encompassing umbrella markets to extremely specific niche markets covering all the major regions across the globe as part of the research scope, their research services offer one of a kind specialities with competitive pricing options. For more info kindly visit @ www.marketdataforecast.com Contact: Abhishek Shukla Sales Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Brand Influencer Ann Mathew Offers Brand Collaboration Services To Businesses Next PostNext Cardiovascular Therapeutic Drugs Market Research Report 2021 Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Comprehensive Data Analysis: Global Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Ask a comprehensive report sample, please feel free to contact to tinaning@qyresearch.com or http://www.qyresearcheurope.com/goods-473851.html In this report, the global Swine Healthcare market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Swine Healthcare in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering     North America     Europe     China     Japan     Southeast Asia     India Global Swine Healthcare market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including     Zoetis     Merck     Merial (Sanofi)     Elanco (Eli Lilly)     Bayer Animal Health     Boehringer Ingelheim     Novartis Animal Health     Virbac     Ceva Sante Animale     Vetoquinol On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into     Vaccines     Parasiticides     Anti-infectives     Medicinal Feed Additives     Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Swine Healthcare for each application, including     Farm     House     Others Ask a comprehensive report sample, please feel free to contact to tinaning@qyresearch.com or http://www.qyresearcheurope.com/goods-473851.html Table of Contents 1 Swine Healthcare Market Overview 2 Global Swine Healthcare Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Swine Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Swine Healthcare Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 5 Global Swine Healthcare Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 6 Global Swine Healthcare Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Swine Healthcare Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 8 Swine Healthcare Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Swine Healthcare Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix Related Reports: Europe Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 China Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 India Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Japan Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Korea Monoclonal Antibody Diagnostic Reagents Sales Market Report 2017 United States Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Contact Details: Company Name: QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher Contact Person: Tina Ning Email: tinaning@qyresearch.com or qyresearcheurope@126.com Tel: 0086-20-22093278(CN) Web: http://www.qyresearchglobal.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Next PostNext Global Monoclonal Antibody Diagnostic Reagents Sales Market Report 2017 Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Comprehensive Data Analysis: Global Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Ask a comprehensive report sample, please feel free to contact to tinaning@qyresearch.com or http://www.qyresearcheurope.com/goods-473851.html In this report, the global Swine Healthcare market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Swine Healthcare in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering     North America     Europe     China     Japan     Southeast Asia     India Global Swine Healthcare market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including     Zoetis     Merck     Merial (Sanofi)     Elanco (Eli Lilly)     Bayer Animal Health     Boehringer Ingelheim     Novartis Animal Health     Virbac     Ceva Sante Animale     Vetoquinol On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into     Vaccines     Parasiticides     Anti-infectives     Medicinal Feed Additives     Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Swine Healthcare for each application, including     Farm     House     Others Ask a comprehensive report sample, please feel free to contact to tinaning@qyresearch.com or http://www.qyresearcheurope.com/goods-473851.html Table of Contents 1 Swine Healthcare Market Overview 2 Global Swine Healthcare Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Swine Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Swine Healthcare Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 5 Global Swine Healthcare Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 6 Global Swine Healthcare Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Swine Healthcare Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 8 Swine Healthcare Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Swine Healthcare Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix Related Reports: Europe Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 China Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 India Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Japan Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Korea Monoclonal Antibody Diagnostic Reagents Sales Market Report 2017 United States Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Contact Details: Company Name: QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher Contact Person: Tina Ning Email: tinaning@qyresearch.com or qyresearcheurope@126.com Tel: 0086-20-22093278(CN) Web: http://www.qyresearchglobal.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Next PostNext Global Monoclonal Antibody Diagnostic Reagents Sales Market Report 2017 Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients market is expected to grow from $129.12 billion in 2015 to reach $198.8 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 6.4%. Patent expiration of prominent drugs, government initiatives, regional penetration and increasing aged population are some of the factors that are driving the market growth. Strict validation and safety guidelines stated by WHO and fragmented market are the factors that are hampering the API market growth. Generic/Non- Branded segment witnessed the largest market share during the forecast period due to rising healthcare costs, government prominence on generics for dropping healthcare costs, and decreasing pipelines of global pharmaceutical products. Asia Pacific is expected to be highest market share during the forecast period due to low operation costs and high investments in medical research. Moreover, the high cost of skilled labour and energy are the most significant factors that enforced European market to move its base to developing countries, such as India and China. Some of the key players in global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients market include Bioniche Animal Health (Canada), Boehringer Ingelheim (Germany), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, Bayer Healthcare (Germany), Merial Inc. (Sanofi) (France), Elanco Animal Health (U.S.), Merck Animal Health (U.S.), Ceva Animal Health, Inc., Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd.,  Novartis International AG, Ranbaxy Laboratories, Virbac, Zoetis (U.S.), Pfizer, Inc, Aurobindo Pharma Ltd., and Heska Co. (U.S.). For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/active-pharmaceutical-ingredients-market-2016       Types of API Covered: • Synthetic chemical API o Branded/ Innovative o Generic/Non- Branded • Biological API o Biotech o Biosimilar • High potency active pharmaceutical ingredients(HPAPI) Manufacturing Types Covered: • Captive (or in-house) manufacturing • Contract manufacturing Therapeutic Applications Covered: • Anti-Infectives • Cardiovascular and hematopoietic system • CNS and Neurological Disorders • Diabetes • Endocrinology • Gastrointestinal disorder • Hormonal-related disorder • Metabolic disorder • Musculoskeletal disorder • Nephrology • Oncology • Ophthalmology • Orthopedic Disorders • Pulmonology Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/active-pharmaceutical-ingredients-market-2016       https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Asia-Pacific Oilfield Chemicals Industry Outlook to 2022 Next PostNext 2017 Asia-Pacific Paints and Coatings Market Segmented by Product and Application 2022 Search Recent Posts The Metropolitan Museum of Art and New York Universitys Tisch School Partner with 19 Community Organizations on William R. Kenan, Jr. Charitable Trust City-Wide Initiative Boingo Wins Three Cablefax Tech Awards Steel Rolled Products Market Analysis Covers Impact Of Drivers and Market challenges Guilty plea in insider trading case Medical Membranes Market Research Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand Report 2020 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Alzheimer's disease & dementia April 8, 2017 Plotting the demise of Alzheimer's: New study is major test for power of early action April 8, 2017 by Alvin Powell Credit: Harvard University Catch it early. Those are watchwords in the battle against a host of illnesses, from heart disease to cancer to Type 2 diabetes. Early detection gives physicians a chance to minimize damage, to insert a stent and keep blood flowing to the heart, to remove a tumor before one becomes many, to urge crucial lifestyle changes: lose weight, eat better, exercise. But can the strategy work for Alzheimer's disease? Scientists are starting to think it might.The Harvard Aging Brain Study, a National Institute on Aging-backed project now in its seventh year, has shown that amyloid beta, the protein thought to cause Alzheimer's, accumulates in the brain a decade or more before symptoms occur. That finding has given new hope to researchers struggling to move beyond a rash of high-profile Alzheimer's failures in clinical drug trials. In February, just three months after Eli Lilly & Co. announced a trial failure, drug maker Merck & Co. halted a study. Several additional drugs are still in trials, but researchers are reconsidering their approach and wondering whether the problem is in trying to reverse, rather than prevent, dementia "I think we've failed in 11 phase 3 trials, which is not a good track record," said Reisa Sperling, a neurology professor at Harvard Medical School, a physician at Brigham and Women's Hospital, and co-director of the Harvard Aging Brain Study at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH). "From a clinical point of view, it's a dismal failure." Now, the "catch it early" idea is being put to the test in a new study called A4, or Anti-Amyloid Treatment in Asymptomatic Alzheimer's Disease, led by Sperling and the University of Southern California's Paul Aisen. Researchers will try an anti-amyloid drug on people who show no signs of cognitive decline, but who do have abnormally high levels of amyloid beta in their brains. "I think this is a tremendously important trial," said Aisen. "It's the first trial in a population we refer to as 'preclinical Alzheimer's disease.' We believe this is identifying an early stage of the disease, not just 'at risk' [patients].... If we wait for people to have symptoms, there's already substantial neuro-degeneration." Alzheimer's is the sixth-leading cause of death in the United States, killing about 94,000 people annually, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. An estimated 5 million Americans are living with the disease, a figure expected to climb to 13.5 million by 2050, according to a report by the Alzheimer's Association. Costs of care are projected to rise from $226 billion in 2015 to $1.1 trillion by 2050, with Medicare and Medicaid paying 70 percent. Developing a treatment to delay Alzheimer's onset by just five years by 2025 could save an estimated $935 billion over the following 10 years, the report says. In recent decades, researchers have worked out what many believe is the step-by-step process through which Alzheimer's does its work. Amyloid beta, a naturally occurring protein whose normal function in the brain remains unclear, builds to unhealthy levels. The amyloid beta forms plaques, which in turn lead to tangles of a protein called tau inside nerve cells, killing them. This triggers inflammation, a natural infection-fighting response, which in this case makes things worse. The video will load shortly Researchers are making breakthroughs in early detection of Alzheimer's. Credit: Kai-Jae Wang A4 is screening 5,000 cognitively normal candidates, age 65 to 85, with the goal of enrolling about 1,150 who have elevated amyloid beta levels. The trial will test Eli Lilly's solanezumab, an anti-amyloid antibody that was proved safe, though judged ineffective, in patients with mild dementia due to Alzheimer's. The antibody targets soluble forms of the protein, not the plaques themselves. Though solanezumab has been tried in Alzheimer's patients without success, the data from that trial held indications of positive trends, said Sperling. The A4 study—being conducted at 67 sites in the U.S., Canada, Japan, and Australia—has already enrolled 875 people and is funded by the National Institutes of Health, Eli Lilly, and several philanthropic organizations. Much of the launch work—signing up participants and managing data—is being conducted by the Alzheimer's Therapeutic Research Institute at USC's Keck School of Medicine. The A4 study rests on a foundation laid by the Harvard Aging Brain Study, which began in 2009 and is headed by Sperling and Keith Johnson, a professor of radiology at HMS and MGH. The study, which has funding to run through 2019, images the brains of 60- to 90-year-olds to follow changes over time. By early 2013, it was clear that patients who started out with higher amyloid levels—even those who were cognitively normal—had a much faster rate of decline in cognitive ability, four to five times that of patients with normal levels of the protein, Sperling said. Those findings pointed to a far earlier beginning of the disease than scientists had grasped and led to the "catch it early" approach of A4. Sperling worries, however, that even the A4 design might be intervening too late, and that, though subjects are cognitively normal, their high amyloid levels mark a cascade ending in dementia a drug won't halt. And that isn't her only worry. Though the amyloid-tau-inflammation scenario has gained wide support, skeptics remain. In fact, there are enough exceptions in the Harvard Aging Brain Study to give Sperling pause: cases of people with high levels of amyloid beta who don't experience cognitive decline and others with lower levels who nonetheless progress rapidly. "I think there's still a lot of questions," she said. "We can still only account for 50 percent—on a good day—of the variance of what happens to people cognitively. I do worry, what if we're completely on the wrong track? What if it's all circumstantial? What if there's some giant X-factor we've missed?" Dorene Rentz, an associate professor of neurology at HMS and the Brigham and co-director, with Sperling, of the hospital's Center for Alzheimer Research and Treatment, is also working on the A4 study. For Rentz open questions in Alzheimer's include the relative roles of amyloid beta and tau. Though removing amyloid beta has been a major thrust of drug development, it could be that tau, which forms the tangles within neurons, has to be removed to see a clinical effect. And no tau-removing compounds have been developed. Credit: Graphic by Judy Blomquist/Harvard Staff "But the argument in the community is we have to start somewhere," Rentz said. "All we've done is fail." The inflammation associated with the disease—part of the process of clearing amyloid and tau proteins from the brain, but itself destructive to tissue—amounts to another unanswered question, Sperling said. It's possible that inflammation has to be reduced or avoided entirely to avoid cognitive damage. Another possibility is that Alzheimer's is part of an underlying problem, an inability to handle waste proteins and, as Sperling put it, "empty the body's protein garbage can." Potentially pointing to a broader problem is the fact that other neurodegenerative diseases, such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and Parkinson's, are also related to abnormal protein accumulation. Despite these questions, Sperling, Aisen, and Rentz agree that there's a sense of hope in the Alzheimer's community, a feeling that progress in several areas has put science on the verge of a breakthrough. "I am very hopeful about the field in general," Aisen said. "There's a number of promising therapies. I believe we're going to be successful and I believe dramatically successful. This is an enormous world health problem and a major problem in this country's health." Should A4 fail, Sperling has a plan for trying to catch the disease earlier still. While A4 is targeting cognitively normal patients with high amyloid levels, she's designing A3, which would test interventions on people age 60—or even 50—who are cognitively normal and whose amyloid levels have yet to rise. "A3 is trying to get closer to primary prevention, pushing the envelope," Sperling said. For Sperling and Rentz, Alzheimer's is not just a clinical problem, but also a personal one. Rentz's husband has the disease and is currently participating in a drug trial, and Sperling's career sprang from her grandfather's Alzheimer's, which became apparent when she was applying to medical school. Her father, who was a chemistry professor at Lehigh University, was diagnosed with the disease six years ago and died last year. "I naively thought I could do something before it affected other members of my family," Sperling said. "I hope my kids don't have to take care of me that way and, hopefully, my grandchildren won't even know what Alzheimer's is." Explore further: Never before seen images of early stage Alzheimer's disease Provided by: Harvard University 109 shares feedback to editors This story is published courtesy of the Harvard Gazette, Harvard University's official newspaper. For additional university news, visit Harvard.edu. Tweet Favorites Email Print PDF Featured Last comments Popular Grey hair linked with increased heart disease risk in men Apr 08, 2017 4 Brain stimulation influences honest behavior 12 hours ago 4 Plotting the demise of Alzheimer's: New study is major test for power of early action Apr 08, 2017 1 While adults focus their attention, children see everything: study 18 hours ago 1 Discovery could aid in development of treatments for fatal brain disease Apr 09, 2017 1 more » Medical Xpress on facebook Related Stories Never before seen images of early stage Alzheimer's disease March 13, 2017 Researchers at Lund University in Sweden have used the MAX IV synchrotron in Lund – the strongest of its kind in the world - to produce images that predate the formation of toxic clumps of beta-amyloid, the protein believed ... An Alzheimer's drug fails, but many others still in testing November 23, 2016 Another major Alzheimer's drug study has failed, leaving patients and families wondering if there ever will be a treatment to slow or reverse the most common form of dementia, which afflicts more than 5 million in the United ... Healthy seniors tested in bid to block Alzheimer's June 9, 2014 In one of the most ambitious attempts yet to thwart Alzheimer's disease, a major study got underway Monday to see if an experimental drug can protect healthy seniors whose brains harbor silent signs that they're at risk. 'Pac-Man' gene implicated in Alzheimer's disease July 26, 2016 A gene that protects the brain from the harmful build-up of amyloid-beta, one of the causative proteins implicated in Alzheimer's disease, has been identified as a new target for therapy by NeuRA researchers. Glaucoma drug may have potential to treat Alzheimer's disease December 9, 2016 A drug which is used to treat the common eye disease glaucoma may have potential as a treatment for Alzheimer's disease, according to scientists at UCL. New Alzheimer's study aims to delay or prevent symptoms June 17, 2016 USC researchers announced Tuesday they will test a promising drug aimed at preventing or delaying the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease. Recommended for you Detecting Alzheimer's disease earlier using ... Greebles? April 11, 2017 Unique graphic characters called Greebles may prove to be valuable tools in detecting signs of Alzheimer's disease decades before symptoms become apparent. Ultrasound and drug research holds promise for Alzheimer's disease April 5, 2017 Non-invasive ultrasound improves the delivery to the brain of a therapeutic antibody targeting Alzheimer's disease, University of Queensland researchers have found. Protein that regulates brain cell connections could be new target for treating Alzheimer's disease March 27, 2017 In experiments with a protein called Ephexin5 that appears to be elevated in the brain cells of Alzheimer's disease patients and mouse models of the disease, Johns Hopkins researchers say removing it prevents animals from ... Researchers focus on cell membranes to develop Alzheimer's treatments March 23, 2017 Thin parts of the cell membranes of neurons turn out to be particularly vulnerable to a protein that collects in the brain of people with Alzheimer's disease, according to a University of Michigan researcher. Insulin resistance may lead to faster cognitive decline March 21, 2017 A new Tel Aviv University study published in the Journal of Alzheimer's Disease finds that insulin resistance, caused in part by obesity and physical inactivity, is also linked to a more rapid decline in cognitive performance. ... Changes in the vascular system may trigger Alzheimer's disease March 21, 2017 As the average age of Americans increases, so too does the problem of Alzheimer's, one of the world's most common neurological diseases. In recent years, scientists have explored many new approaches to clear the plaques and ... 1 comment 2.5 Adjust slider to filter visible comments by rank Display comments: newest first staceybeetge not rated yet Apr 09, 2017 My ALS (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis) symptoms started out with a "foot drop" on my left foot. From there my left leg lost all muscle tone and then the entire left leg muscles were gone. Also my fingers and thumbs "contract" at times. Left arm was losing muscle tone too.I was given medications to slow down the progress of the disease,i resorted to a wheelchair (Perbombil C300).This was till my husband's sister introduced my husband to a herbal clinic in Johannesburg who sell herbal medicines to cure all kind of diseases including ALS, we contacted the herbal clinic via their email and purchased the ALS herbal remedy, we received the herbal medicine via courier within 7 days and commenced usage as prescribed, its totally unexplainable how all the symptoms gradually dissapeared, my speech has greatly improved and am able to walk a distance now with no help, contact this herbal clinic via their email healthherbalclinic@ gmail. com Or website www. healthherbalclinic. weebly. com Please sign in to add a comment. Registration is free, and takes less than a minute. Read more Click here to reset your password. Sign in to get notified via email when new comments are made. Topics Addiction Alzheimer's disease & dementia Arthritis & Rheumatism Attention deficit disorders Autism spectrum disorders Cancer Cardiology Dentistry Diabetes Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes Genetics Health HIV & AIDS Immunology Inflammatory disorders Medical research Medications Neuroscience Obstetrics & gynaecology Ophthalmology Other Overweight and Obesity Parkinson's & Movement disorders Pediatrics Psychology & Psychiatry Sleep apnea Surgery Conditions Asthma Breast cancer Cardiovascular disease Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Colon cancer Coronary artery disease Dementia Depression Heart attack Heart disease High blood pressure Influenza Kidney disease Leukemia Lung cancer Malaria Melanoma Multiple sclerosis Myocardial infarction Ovarian cancer Post traumatic stress disorder Rheumatoid arthritis Schizophrenia Skin cancer Stroke Type 2 diabetes Full List » Latest news Week's top Unread news Enter your Science X account credentials Remember me Forget password? Sign In Sign in with your Facebook or Google+ account Not a member? Register Profile Newsletter Favorites Activity PM My news Sign out top Home Search Mobile version Help About us FAQ Сontact Science X Account Sponsored Account Newsletter RSS feeds Cancer / Oncology HIV & AIDS news Immunology news Genetics news Connect Privacy Policy Terms of Use Medical Disclaimer © Medical Xpress 2011 - 2017, Science X network
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Global Veterinary Vaccines Market Driven by Growing Awareness Regarding Viral Diseases Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/10/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE), announces the addition of a new report titled „Veterinary Vaccines Market (Animal Type – Companion Animals – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024″ to its database. The 185-page report is a combination of primary and secondary research in which it explores all the drivers and restraints, analyzes the current and future prospects, and provides a forecast for the veterinary vaccines industry for the duration of 2016 to 2024. Request for Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2098 The report observes that veterinary vaccines are extensively used for the prevention of life-threatening animal diseases. An increase in the prevalence of animal diseases is rated as one of the primary drivers in the global veterinary vaccines market. Also, the research study reveals that governments in various countries are investing heavily on animal healthcare, which augurs well for the future of the market. A rise in the worldwide demand for milk, meat, eggs and fish is further fueling the market for these vaccines as they help assure the vendor’s investments in their enterprise. Furthermore, the growing awareness about vaccination among the middle class is a reason that will propel the demand for veterinary vaccines. Conversely, the report observes that stringent market regulations and the high cost of the research and development of new vaccines may hamper the overall growth rate. The study segments the global market for veterinary vaccines on the basis of technology type, animal type, and geography. By technology type, the market has been categorized into inactivated vaccines, conjugate vaccines, live attenuated vaccines, toxoid vaccines, and other vaccines such as DNA vaccines, recombinant vaccines, and subunit vaccines. The report reveals that companion vaccines and livestock vaccines are the most prominent segments by animal type. The segment of companion vaccines comprises canine vaccines, equine vaccines, and feline vaccines. The livestock vaccine segment is further divided into porcine, poultry, bovine, ovine, and other vaccines. This report provides market revenue in terms of US$ mn for the period of 2016 to 2024, besides the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) from 2016 to 2024. 2015 has been considered as the base year. To present a clear picture of the global market for veterinary vaccines, this report geographically segments the market into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. The mentioned regions are further analyzed on the basis of leading country-wise markets. The competition matrix section reveals the market share of key players and explores the strategies they are adopting to maintain their hold over the market. Browse Full Global Veterinary Vaccines Market Report with TOC:http://www.mrrse.com/veterinary-vaccines-industry Some of the prominent players in the global veterinary vaccines market are Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bayer AG, Bimeda, Inc., Ceva Santé Animale, Eli Lilly and Company (Elanco Animal Health), Sanofi S.A. (Merial Animal Health), Merck Animal Health, Virbac, and Zoetis, Inc. About Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Follow Us on LinkedIn-https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Follow Us On Twitter-https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Air Independent Propulsion (AIP) Systems Market Is Predicted to Show Significant Growth Post 2016 Next PostNext Instasuite 2 Gives Users the Machine That Is Capable Of Simplifying Any Online Business with Ultimate Tools Search Recent Posts SUPERVALU to Acquire Unified Grocers to Create One of the Nation’s Leading Grocery Wholesale Companies Mejorar la flexibilidad, calidad y equidad de la educación media superior en México Enhancing Access and Quality of Justice Services in Peru Toronto craft brewer Northern Maverick launches „Fake News Ale” St. Michael Livonia of the Archdiocese of Detroit Wins Grand Championship at SAE International’s 11th Annual AWIM International JetToy Competition Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,658 +1.92 +0.01% Nasdaq 5,881 +3.11 +0.05% S&P 500 2,357 +1.62 +0.07% 3:03 A.M. ET LVMH shares rise 2% after sales rise 15% 3:01 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.4% lower at 12,147.96 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.5% lower at 5,081.11 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,333.81 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 380.14 2:17 A.M. ET HSBC hits Huishan Dairy with default claim 2:16 A.M. ET Australia business conditions at best since crisis 2:16 A.M. ET JD Sports full-year profit up 56% despite Brexit 2:15 A.M. ET Qualcomm hits back at Apple in legal battle 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers price target lifted to $43 from $37: RBC Capital 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers lifted to outperform from sector perform: RBC Capital 1:23 A.M. ET 'Competitive concerns over Yelp's relevance are overdone': Pacific Crest 1:23 A.M. ET Yelp lifted to overweight from sector weight, $43 price target: Pacific Crest 1:19 A.M. ET Oil prices steady after a 5-day winning streak 4/10 Qualcomm says Apple would be nothing without its technology 4/10 Commodity gains boost Asian markets, offsetting geopolitical worries 4/10 Updated Judge rules Texas voter ID law discriminatory, again 4/10 Updated Alabama governor’s wife discovered affair on iCloud account 4/10 U.S. says Russian master of malware arrested in Spain 4/10 Updated U.S. takes hard line on Syria as Tillerson meets with G-7 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Stocks finish fractionally higher led by energy gains By Wallace Witkowski Published: Apr 10, 2017 4:06 p.m. ET Share By WallaceWitkowski Reporter Stocks closed fractionally higher Monday, but well off session highs as investors cautiously approached the beginning of earnings season. The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 1.92 points at 20,658.02, led by gains in shares of Caterpillar Inc. CAT, +1.70% and Travelers Cos. TRV, +0.80% and hampered by shares of Merck & Co. MRK, -0.92% and Boeing Co. BA, -0.72% The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.07% finished up 1.62 points at 2,357.16, with a 0.8% rise in the energy sector and a 0.7% gain in real-estate stocks. The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 3.11 points to close at 5,880.93. Quote References CAT +1.62 +1.70% TRV +0.96 +0.80% MRK -0.58 -0.92% BA -1.29 -0.72% SPX +1.62 +0.07% Show all references Most Popular What United should have done in response to that video of a man being violently pulled off a flight Positive buzz sends first marijuana ETF sharply higher in early days of trading Why you, too, could get dragged off a plane if the airline overbooks your flight ‘Re-accommodate’ is United’s euphemism for forcibly dragging passenger off an airplane Can employers solve the student-loan crisis? MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Caterpillar Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CAT $97.14 +1.62 (+1.70%) Volume 5.1M Open $96.31 High $97.89 Low $96.10 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.17 Market Cap 56.0B Travelers Cos. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TRV $121.11 +0.96 (+0.80%) Volume 943.7K Open $120.03 High $121.42 Low $120.01 P/E Ratio 11.79 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 33.6B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $62.55 -0.58 (-0.92%) Volume 6.8M Open $63.27 High $63.33 Low $62.53 P/E Ratio 44.81 Div Yield 3.01 Market Cap 173.3B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $177.56 -1.29 (-0.72%) Volume 2.2M Open $179.00 High $179.97 Low $177.48 P/E Ratio 23.21 Div Yield 3.2 Market Cap 108.8B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,357.16 +1.62 (+0.07%) Volume 1.6B Open 2,357 High 2,366 Low 2,352 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Latest News Dow 20,658 +1.92 +0.01% Nasdaq 5,881 +3.11 +0.05% S&P 500 2,357 +1.62 +0.07% 3:03 A.M. ET LVMH shares rise 2% after sales rise 15% 3:01 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.4% lower at 12,147.96 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.5% lower at 5,081.11 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,333.81 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 380.14 2:17 A.M. ET HSBC hits Huishan Dairy with default claim 2:16 A.M. ET Australia business conditions at best since crisis 2:16 A.M. ET JD Sports full-year profit up 56% despite Brexit 2:15 A.M. ET Qualcomm hits back at Apple in legal battle 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers price target lifted to $43 from $37: RBC Capital 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers lifted to outperform from sector perform: RBC Capital 1:23 A.M. ET 'Competitive concerns over Yelp's relevance are overdone': Pacific Crest 1:23 A.M. ET Yelp lifted to overweight from sector weight, $43 price target: Pacific Crest 1:19 A.M. ET Oil prices steady after a 5-day winning streak 4/10 Qualcomm says Apple would be nothing without its technology 4/10 Commodity gains boost Asian markets, offsetting geopolitical worries 4/10 Updated Judge rules Texas voter ID law discriminatory, again 4/10 Updated Alabama governor’s wife discovered affair on iCloud account 4/10 U.S. says Russian master of malware arrested in Spain 4/10 Updated U.S. takes hard line on Syria as Tillerson meets with G-7 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Stocks finish fractionally higher led by energy gains By Wallace Witkowski Published: Apr 10, 2017 4:06 p.m. ET Share By WallaceWitkowski Reporter Stocks closed fractionally higher Monday, but well off session highs as investors cautiously approached the beginning of earnings season. The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 1.92 points at 20,658.02, led by gains in shares of Caterpillar Inc. CAT, +1.70% and Travelers Cos. TRV, +0.80% and hampered by shares of Merck & Co. MRK, -0.92% and Boeing Co. BA, -0.72% The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.07% finished up 1.62 points at 2,357.16, with a 0.8% rise in the energy sector and a 0.7% gain in real-estate stocks. The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 3.11 points to close at 5,880.93. Quote References CAT +1.62 +1.70% TRV +0.96 +0.80% MRK -0.58 -0.92% BA -1.29 -0.72% SPX +1.62 +0.07% Show all references Most Popular What United should have done in response to that video of a man being violently pulled off a flight Positive buzz sends first marijuana ETF sharply higher in early days of trading Why you, too, could get dragged off a plane if the airline overbooks your flight ‘Re-accommodate’ is United’s euphemism for forcibly dragging passenger off an airplane Can employers solve the student-loan crisis? MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Caterpillar Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CAT $97.14 +1.62 (+1.70%) Volume 5.1M Open $96.31 High $97.89 Low $96.10 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.17 Market Cap 56.0B Travelers Cos. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TRV $121.11 +0.96 (+0.80%) Volume 943.7K Open $120.03 High $121.42 Low $120.01 P/E Ratio 11.79 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 33.6B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $62.55 -0.58 (-0.92%) Volume 6.8M Open $63.27 High $63.33 Low $62.53 P/E Ratio 44.81 Div Yield 3.01 Market Cap 173.3B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $177.56 -1.29 (-0.72%) Volume 2.2M Open $179.00 High $179.97 Low $177.48 P/E Ratio 23.21 Div Yield 3.2 Market Cap 108.8B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,357.16 +1.62 (+0.07%) Volume 1.6B Open 2,357 High 2,366 Low 2,352 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Animal Antibacterial Peptide Market Key Trends & Industry Forecast 2016-2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/10/2017 — Peptides are derived from animal source and possess antibacterial activity that comes under animal antibacterial peptides. They contain residue of amino acids generally about 15 to 45. Antibacterial peptides are the effector molecules of innate immunity. Majority of the antibacterial peptides are cationic in nature. In insects, the cecropin type of linear peptide without cysteine are found. Now, more than 900 sequences of proteins and antibacterial peptides from plants and animals are stored in database. The antibacterial peptides are broad spectrum in activity. The antibacterial peptides are amphipathic in structure and contains positive charge. Read Complete Market Details at: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/animal-antibacterial-peptide-market.html The use of low levels of antibiotics in animal feed as growth promoters and rise in use of antibiotics in animal and human infections are causes of antibiotics resistance among gram negative, gram positive, and bacterial pathogens. The natural and synthetics antibacterial peptides are good candidates for antibiotics alternatives. The natural antibiotics are rich source of proteins as well as amino acids and have less side effects as compared to synthetic antibiotics. They possess synergistic activity with conventional antibiotics and promote wound healing. Domestic animals are good source of antibacterial peptides. The antibacterial peptides are expressed in many polymorphonuclear leukocytes, tissues, macrophages, and mucosal epithelial cells. Antibacterial peptides are preserved in their function, structure, and mechanisms of action. Thus, it is attractive to speculate that synthetic antibacterial peptides or their congeners might be used to prevent or treat infections. Antimicrobial peptides are good applicants for the design of new antimicrobial agents for specific application because of their low propensity for the development of bacterial resistance and natural antimicrobial properties. The major driving factor of antibacterial peptides is their ability to kill multi drug resistance bacteria. The market of animal antibacterial peptide is segmented on the basis of peptide type, product origin, and geography. On the basis of peptide type, the animal antibacterial peptide market is segmented as linear cationic ?-helical peptides, anionic peptides, cationic peptide containing specific amino acid, and anionic & cationic peptides that possess cysteine and form disulfide bonds. Anionic peptides are rich in glutamic and aspartic acids whereas cationic peptides are rich in arginine, phenylalanine, glycine, tryptophan, and proline. These peptides are good candidates for supplements to conventional antibiotic therapy and for development as novel therapeutic agents. These are broad spectrum in nature and possess bactericidal activity. Insect’s peptides are one of the largest groups of antimicrobial peptides. Cecropins constitute the most important host defense system against bacterial infection. By product origin, the animal antibacterial peptide market is segmented into cattle origin, sheep origin, goat origin, pig origin, horse origin, and poultry. The animal antibacterial peptides are derived from above sources. By geography, the market for animal antibacterial peptide is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America and Europe are expected to dominate the market. The rise in research is the key driving factor of the animal antibacterial peptide market in North America. Asia pacific is the most progressive region for the animal antibacterial peptide market. The rise in expenditure on animal health care is a key factor responsible for growth of the market. The increasing resistance to conventional antibiotics is likely to be the key driver of the animal antibacterial peptide market during the forecast period. Furthermore, the rise in use of antibiotics to treat various infections and disease in animal feed is projected to fuel the growth of the animal antibacterial peptide market during the forecast period. Get the Sample PDF Brochure for this market research at: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=18662 Major players operating in the animal antibacterial peptide market include Zoetis, Merck Animal Health, Merial, Elanco (Eli Lilly and Company), Bayer HealthCare, Animal Medics, Biogenesis Bago, and Boehringer Ingelheim Vetmedica. The rising demand for alternatives for conventional antibiotics is estimated to increase the competition between market players of animal antibacterial peptide. About TMR Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Basil Oil Market Driven by Rising Demand in Industrial Applications Next PostNext Physiotherapy Services Market : Technological Breakthroughs, Competitive Landscape & Global Industry Analysis by 2024 Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
First Name: Last Name: Username: Email: Username Password Remember Me Username: Email: Back to Login    Home Member Login Signup About Contact Tue April 11, 2017 06:05AM "We make every effort to see that our actions live up to our words and be vigilant with regards to our behavior." - Thomas Sankara On the re-opening of SLPP Office … “We would never encourage violence” John Benjamin... Adverts Business & Finance Editorial Awoko Tok Tok Entertainment Features News Sports Sierra Leone News: New trial to evaluate three vaccination strategies A study volunteer receives inoculation at Redemption Hospital in Monrovia on the opening day in Liberia of PREVAC, a Phase 2 Ebola vaccine trial in West Africa. Credit: NIAID A new drug trial, launched in Guinea and Liberia, will identify vaccination regimens that hold the most promise to protect people from Ebola virus disease in order to prevent or quickly control a future outbreak. An additional site in Sierra Leone is also being planned. Pending confirmation of funding, London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) will sponsor the planned site in Sierra Leone working with the University of Sierra Leone’s College of Medicine and Allied Health Sciences, which would conduct the study. More than 5,000 adults and children living in countries at the epicenter of the 2014-16 West Africa Ebola epidemic will be enrolled. The trial will compare three experimental Ebola vaccination strategies with placebo regimens. It will be conducted in two stages, the first stage to take place in Guinea and Liberia. Enrolment into this stage began on 27th March and 3rd April. This launch will be in collaboration with health authorities in Guinea and Liberia and will be tested on candidate under the aegis of the PREVAC international consortium (Partnership for Research on Ebola VACcination). In its first stage, the trial will evaluate one of the three strategies, a prime-boost vaccination combining two different vaccines (one made by Janssen and the other by Bavarian Nordic) compared with a similar placebo regimen. In a second stage, which is expected to start in the second half of 2017, the trial will evaluate all three vaccination strategies, including two additional strategies involving the Merck Sharp & Dohme, Corp vaccine. On 29 March 2016, the Director-General of the World Health Organization (WHO) announced the end of the Public Health Emergency of International Concern caused by the Ebola outbreak. At the end of this epidemic, although important advances have been achieved, several questions remain regarding the durability of the immune response of candidate vaccines under development. PREVAC trial will evaluate the rapidity, intensity and duration of the immune responses generated by the various vaccination strategies, and the safety and tolerability of the various vaccines, particularly in children. Monday April 10, 2017. Comments are closed. Polls What do you prefer? A. Referendum before Elections B. Elections before Referendum View Results  Loading ... FRONT PAGE 10042017 FRONT PAGE FRONT PAGE 07042017 FRONT PAGE FRONT PAGE 06042017 FRONT PAGE International News Developed by UsualX, Powered & Maintained by Alemobet Innovations Awoko Newspaper Copyright © 2017-2018. All rights reserved.
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Cushman & Wakefield * Philadelphia * More Tags... Industry News * Real Estate * More Industries... News By Location * Philadelphia   Pennsylvania   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News April 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 Class A Vacancy Rates Down, Asking Rental Rates up in CBD and Suburban Markets     Jared Jacobs2   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Cushman & Wakefield * Philadelphia Industry: * Real Estate Location: * Philadelphia - Pennsylvania - US Subject: * EarningsPHILADELPHIA - April 10, 2017 - PRLog -- Robust demand for Class A space drove nearly 1.5 million square feet of overall leasing activity and net absorption of 403,971 square feet and generated several large investment sales in the CBD and suburban office markets during the first quarter of 2017, according to Cushman & Wakefield. The commercial real estate services firm's Philadelphia research team released its first-quarter 2017 Office Marketbeat reports for the region. Philadelphia CBD Market "The overall vacancy rate increased 50 basis points to 10.3 percent year-over-year during the first three months of this year," said Jared Jacobs, Cushman & Wakefield Research Manager. "The trend likely will continue throughout 2017 as the current consolidation trend among big users continues with multiple renovation projects adding space. The renovations of One Franklin Tower and the former Family Court Building at 34 South 11th St. are expected to add 300,000 square feet of redeveloped space to the market." The Philadelphia CBD experienced positive absorption of 61,377 square feet, and overall asking rents rose 5.2 percent year-to-year to $29.81 per square foot but were down slightly from the fourth quarter of last year's historical high of $30.08. Class A office buildings experienced the largest rental rate growth, 7.7 percent, to $31.65. Investors executed two significant investment sales during Q1: Rubenstein purchased the 973,610-square-foot Wanamaker Building from the TIER REIT for $111.1 million. TIER REIT also sold 1601 Cherry St, 561,361 square feet, to Barings Real Estate Advisers LLC and MRP Realty for $95 million. Leasing was strong in the quarter with 461,858 square feet of new leasing activity, a year-over-year increase of 1.1 percent, with multiple deals signed at the FMC Tower at Cira Centre South. Spark Therapeutics signed the largest lease for 74,479 square feet, and Brandywine Realty Trust opted to move its headquarters from the suburbs to 46,226 square feet in the Philadelphia CBD West of Broad submarket. There were multiple renewals and consolidations including PNC Bank's lease for 230,000 square feet at 1600 Market St., downsizing from 350,000 square feet in the building. Elsevier Inc. renewed for 80,713 square feet at 1600 JFK Boulevard, consolidating from approximately 130,000 square feet. Philadelphia Suburban Market Overall vacancy in the Philadelphia suburbs continued to decline during Q4, ending the quarter at 11.3 percent, a drop of 50 basis points from the end of 2016, according to Jacobs, who added, "The vacancy rate represents a 370 basis-point decline since the first quarter of 2016 and is the lowest since 2001. We expect to see tenant demand increase throughout the year." While rental rates for all classes declined slightly, down 0.3% to $24.63 per square foot over the past year, overall asking rates for Class A space increased by 1.6% to $26.27. The 27.3 percent increase in overall net absorption of 369,968 square feet helped the suburban Philadelphia start 2017 on a strong note. The Blue Bell/Plymouth Meeting/Fort Washington submarket experienced the most new activity in the first quarter. In Blue Bell, Cotiviti Corp. signed the largest lease of the quarter, taking 86,621 square feet at 785 Arbor Way. Previously occupied by Merck, the building is under renovation and is set to deliver in early 2018. Additional leases in the submarket included AON Insurance Services, Inc. taking 76,475 square feet at 1100 Virginia Drive in Fort Washington and Company Voice leasing 25,096 square feet at 2060 Detwiler Road in Harleysville. Other notable Q1 17 leases in the submarket included: ·         Telerx Marketing Inc. took 44,023 square feet at 410 Horsham Road in Horsham. ·         Endo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. renewed for 40,472 square feet at 102 Rock Road, also in Horsham. ·         Envestnet, Inc. renewed and expanded for 37,088 square feet at 1000 Chesterbrook Boulevard in Berwyn. ·         PQ Corp. renewed for 33,000 square feet at 300 Lindenwood Drive in Malvern. ·         Ricoh USA, Inc. extended its lease at 1265 Drummers Lane in Wayne for 25,628 square feet. Several notable investment sales transpired in southern Bucks County during the first quarter. Leser Realty paid $37.5 million to O'Neill Properties for the 214,679-square-foot 3800 Horizon Boulevard. Red River Asset Management sold 1414 Radcliffe St., 183,000 square feet, to Hudson Equities for $20 million. In the King of Prussia/Valley Forge submarket, Kairos & Artemis Real Estate sold 2200 Renaissance Boulevard, 184,118 square feet, to Zamir Equities for $30.2 million. "Coming off two consecutive years of strong investment sales with 136 sales totaling 9.7 million square feet, we are projecting activity to remain robust in the near-term," Jacobs said. "Rental rates are also expected to increase, particularly Class A rates, which are at the highest point since 2009." ### About Cushman & Wakefield Cushman & Wakefield is a leading global real estate services firm that helps clients transform the way people work, shop, and live. Our 43,000 employees in more than 60 countries help investors optimize the value of their real estate by combining our global perspective and deep local knowledge with an impressive platform of real estate solutions. Cushman & Wakefield is among the largest commercial real estate services firms with revenue of $5 billion across core services of agency leasing, asset services, capital markets, facility services (C&W Services), global occupier services, investment & asset management (DTZ Investors), project & development services, tenant representation, and valuation & advisory. To learn more, visit or follow @CushWake on Twitter. End Source : Cushman & Wakefield Email : ***@caryl.com Phone : 2017967788 Tags : Cushman & Wakefield, Philadelphia Industry : Real Estate Location : Philadelphia - Pennsylvania - United States Subject : Earnings Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Caryl Communications News Colliers International Group Opens New Office in Woodbridge, N.J Alfred N Sanzari Family Foundation Provides Funding for Apartment Renovation at HackensackUMC ShopRite Wines and Spirits of Wallington to Host "Magnify Brewing Ta Noah Balanoff Joins Colliers International in Parsippany, NJ Jersey City Resident is Winning Battle with Type 2 Diabetes with Help from Registered Dietitan Trending Hilton Washington Dulles Airport Welcomes New Executive Chef Norbert Roesch NBC's 'Superstore' Actor Dominic Pace Signs On To Civil War Era Feature Film Richard 'Daddy' Love Taking Detroit by Storm with his Oklahoma Style of Blues Victoria Park Civic Association Names Fort Lauderdale Media Associatesas New Publisher Loan Participation Automation Now Possible with AccuAccount Daily News NBC's 'Superstore' Actor Dominic Pace Signs On To Civil War Era Feature Film - 1084 views GadellNet Sees Growth with Blue Key Technology Merger - 258 views Sovereign Estate Wine in Waconia, MN has gone solar! - 207 views Digital Defense Discovers Vulnerabilities In Riverbed Technology Performance Monitoring Platform - 153 views DLR Group Strengthens Sports Studio with Distinguished Client Leader - 149 views Weekly News Learn to DayTrade - New Class Date Added April 11, 2017 - 1604 views Former McDonald's Communications and D&I Executive, Cristina Alfaro, Joins Elevate Relations to Co-lead Strategic Business Expansion - 1402 views NBC's 'Superstore' Actor Dominic Pace Signs On To Civil War Era Feature Film - 1084 views Podiatrist Starts New Practice in San Diego and Brings a New Approach To Foot Care With Her - 863 views Civil Air Patrol Cadet Captain Joseph Waldron Appointed To U.S. Military Academy - 812 views Daily News NBC's 'Superstore' Actor Dominic Pace Signs On To Civil War Era Feature Film - 1084 views GadellNet Sees Growth with Blue Key Technology Merger - 258 views Sovereign Estate Wine in Waconia, MN has gone solar! - 207 views Digital Defense Discovers Vulnerabilities In Riverbed Technology Performance Monitoring Platform - 153 views DLR Group Strengthens Sports Studio with Distinguished Client Leader - 149 views Weekly News Learn to DayTrade - New Class Date Added April 11, 2017 - 1604 views Former McDonald's Communications and D&I Executive, Cristina Alfaro, Joins Elevate Relations to Co-lead Strategic Business Expansion - 1402 views NBC's 'Superstore' Actor Dominic Pace Signs On To Civil War Era Feature Film - 1084 views Podiatrist Starts New Practice in San Diego and Brings a New Approach To Foot Care With Her - 863 views Civil Air Patrol Cadet Captain Joseph Waldron Appointed To U.S. Military Academy - 812 views PTC News 'Galactic Empire' To Perform Following Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, June 3 - 245 views Code Green Apparel Corp. Shareholder Update - 201 views SocialCon™ CINCO LEGACY Powered by Wizard World May 7 In Hollywood, California - 99 views Apr 10, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Infectious Diseases Therapeutics Market to Receive overwhelming hike in Revenues by 2020 Globally, major burden on public health is posed by infectious diseases such as HIV, malaria, tuberculosis, hepatitis A, hepatitis C, hepatitis C and influenza. Infectious diseases are the major cause of death in the world. According to World Health Organization (WHO), globally 16% of deaths are resulted due to infectious diseases. Various pathogen microorganisms, such as parasites, virus, bacteria and fungi, cause infectious diseases. Poor sanitation and inadequate personal hygiene causes various infectious diseases. These diseases are transmitted through direct or indirect contact. Anti-infective drugs are used to prevent or destroy the growth of pathogens. Antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal and antiparacitic drugs are some of the anti- infective drugs used for the treatment of infectious diseases. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3380 North America dominates the global market for infectious diseases therapeutics due to increasing incidence of infectious diseases and rise in aging population. Asia followed by the Europe are expected to show high growth rates in the next five years in the global infectious diseases therapeutics market. China and India are expected to be the fastest growing infectious diseases therapeutics markets in Asia-Pacific region. Some of the key driving forces for infectious diseases therapeutics market in emerging countries are large pool of patients and rising government funding. In recent times there is increased use of infectious diseases therapeutics due to increasing incidence of infectious diseases. Increase use of direct acting anti-viral, increase in geriatric population and increasing healthcare expenditure are some of the key factors driving the growth for the global infectious diseases therapeutics market. In addition, increasing healthcare awareness is also fuelling the growth of the global infectious diseases therapeutics market. However, generic erosion is the major factors restraining the growth for the global infectious diseases therapeutics market. Patent expiration of infectious disease drugs could lead a challenge for the global infectious diseases therapeutics market. Some of the trends for the global infectious diseases therapeutics market are emergence of interferon free regimes and increasing awareness programs. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/3380 Some of the major companies operating in the global infectious diseases therapeutics market are Merck & Co., Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceutical, Inc., Auritec Pharmaceuticals, Novartis, Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Isis Pharmaceuticals and Gilead Sciences. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Healthcare Industry For Global Bone Anchored Hearing Aids Market During The Forecast Period 2017 – 2020 Next PostNext Anti-Obesity Prescription Market Set to Surge Significantly by 2020 Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News New Report Available: Global Dyslipidemia Drugs Market 2017-2021 Boston, MA — (SBWIRE) — 04/10/2017 — Lipid refers to fat comprising proteins and carbohydrates. Cholesterol and triglycerides are lipids that are stored in the human body and serve as a source of energy. Dyslipidaemia is the imbalance in the lipid level in the bloodstream. It is characterized by high levels of total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in the blood. High cholesterol levels can cause cardiovascular diseases (CVD) such as stroke and atherosclerosis. The typical range of total blood cholesterol is 140-200 mg/dL. Blood cholesterol contains individual components such as LDL-C and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) carries cholesterol to the body while high-density lipoprotein (HDL) removes cholesterol from the cells by reversing cholesterol transport to the liver. Due to their distinct roles, these components are individually assessed to determine the dyslipidemic status of an individual. Get More Details on this Report and a Full Table of Contents at Global Dyslipidemia Drugs Market 2017-2021 Technavio’s analysts forecast the global dyslipidemia drugs market to grow at a CAGR of 5.27% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global dyslipidemia drugs market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Technavio’s report, Global Dyslipidemia Drugs Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -AstraZeneca -Merck -Pfizer -Sanofi Other prominent vendors -Alnylam Pharmaceuticals -Amarin Corporation -Amgen -Bristol-Myers Squibb -Catabasis Pharmaceuticals -Cerenis -Cipla -CJ HealthCare -CKD Bio -Daewoong Pharmaceutical -Daiichi Sankyo -Eli Lilly -Esperion Therapeutics -GlaxoSmithKline -JW Pharmaceuticals -Kadmon Pharmaceuticals -Lupin Pharmaceuticals Market driver -Change in ATP guidelines for management of hypercholesterolemia. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Drawbacks associated with current therapies. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Increased uptake of OTC drugs. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report -What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? -What are the key market trends? -What is driving this market? -What are the challenges to market growth? -Who are the key vendors in this market space? -What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? -What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Companies Mentioned in this Report: AstraZeneca, Merck, Pfizer, Sanofi, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Amarin Corporation, Amgen, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Catabasis Pharmaceuticals, Cerenis, Cipla, CJ HealthCare, CKD Bio, Daewoong Pharmaceutical, Daiichi Sankyo, Eli Lilly, Esperion Therapeutics, GlaxoSmithKline, JW Pharmaceuticals, Kadmon Pharmaceuticals, Lupin Pharmaceuticals About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world’s top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at http://www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156. Browse all Pharmaceuticals research reports at Fast Market Research You may also be interested in these related reports: –PharmaPoint: Dyslipidemia – Global Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025 –Global Cardiovascular Disease Market to 2022 – Sanofi and Novartis to Become Market Leaders as Praluent and Entresto Drive Revenue Growth –Dyslipidemia Global Clinical Trials Review, H2, 2016 –Global Solid Tumors Drugs Market 2016-2020 –PharmaPoint: Type 2 Diabetes – Global Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Market Report, „Global Commercial Ice Cream Freezers Market 2017-2021”, Published Next PostNext People Can Now Know the Differences Between Genuine Sugar Momma Sites and Not-So-Good Ones Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News New Report Available: Global Dyslipidemia Drugs Market 2017-2021 Boston, MA — (SBWIRE) — 04/10/2017 — Lipid refers to fat comprising proteins and carbohydrates. Cholesterol and triglycerides are lipids that are stored in the human body and serve as a source of energy. Dyslipidaemia is the imbalance in the lipid level in the bloodstream. It is characterized by high levels of total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in the blood. High cholesterol levels can cause cardiovascular diseases (CVD) such as stroke and atherosclerosis. The typical range of total blood cholesterol is 140-200 mg/dL. Blood cholesterol contains individual components such as LDL-C and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) carries cholesterol to the body while high-density lipoprotein (HDL) removes cholesterol from the cells by reversing cholesterol transport to the liver. Due to their distinct roles, these components are individually assessed to determine the dyslipidemic status of an individual. Get More Details on this Report and a Full Table of Contents at Global Dyslipidemia Drugs Market 2017-2021 Technavio’s analysts forecast the global dyslipidemia drugs market to grow at a CAGR of 5.27% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global dyslipidemia drugs market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Technavio’s report, Global Dyslipidemia Drugs Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -AstraZeneca -Merck -Pfizer -Sanofi Other prominent vendors -Alnylam Pharmaceuticals -Amarin Corporation -Amgen -Bristol-Myers Squibb -Catabasis Pharmaceuticals -Cerenis -Cipla -CJ HealthCare -CKD Bio -Daewoong Pharmaceutical -Daiichi Sankyo -Eli Lilly -Esperion Therapeutics -GlaxoSmithKline -JW Pharmaceuticals -Kadmon Pharmaceuticals -Lupin Pharmaceuticals Market driver -Change in ATP guidelines for management of hypercholesterolemia. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Drawbacks associated with current therapies. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Increased uptake of OTC drugs. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report -What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? -What are the key market trends? -What is driving this market? -What are the challenges to market growth? -Who are the key vendors in this market space? -What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? -What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Companies Mentioned in this Report: AstraZeneca, Merck, Pfizer, Sanofi, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Amarin Corporation, Amgen, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Catabasis Pharmaceuticals, Cerenis, Cipla, CJ HealthCare, CKD Bio, Daewoong Pharmaceutical, Daiichi Sankyo, Eli Lilly, Esperion Therapeutics, GlaxoSmithKline, JW Pharmaceuticals, Kadmon Pharmaceuticals, Lupin Pharmaceuticals About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world’s top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at http://www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156. Browse all Pharmaceuticals research reports at Fast Market Research You may also be interested in these related reports: –PharmaPoint: Dyslipidemia – Global Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025 –Global Cardiovascular Disease Market to 2022 – Sanofi and Novartis to Become Market Leaders as Praluent and Entresto Drive Revenue Growth –Dyslipidemia Global Clinical Trials Review, H2, 2016 –Global Solid Tumors Drugs Market 2016-2020 –PharmaPoint: Type 2 Diabetes – Global Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Market Report, „Global Commercial Ice Cream Freezers Market 2017-2021”, Published Next PostNext People Can Now Know the Differences Between Genuine Sugar Momma Sites and Not-So-Good Ones Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Axovant Sciences Announces Appointment of Dr. David Hung as Chief Executive Officer and Expansion of Board of Directors - David Hung, MD, founder and former CEO of Medivation, joins as Chief Executive Officer and Director- Vivek Ramaswamy to remain on Board of Directors and assume full-time role as CEO of parent company Roivant Sciences- Marion McCourt, former COO of Medivation, joins as President and Chief Operating Officer- Former Medivation directors Kate Falberg and Tony Vernon appointed to Board of Directors- MINDSET study results for intepirdine in mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease expected in late September 2017 BASEL, Switzerland, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Axovant Sciences (NYSE: AXON), a leading clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the treatment of dementia, today announced that David Hung, MD, has been named Chief Executive Officer of Axovant Sciences, effective April 7, 2017. Dr. Hung, who also joined Axovant's Board of Directors, succeeds founding Chief Executive Officer Vivek Ramaswamy. Mr. Ramaswamy will continue to serve on Axovant's Board of Directors and will lead parent company and majority owner Roivant Sciences as its full-time Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Hung brings more than 20 years of leadership and management experience in the life sciences industry. He was the founder, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Medivation through its acquisition by Pfizer for approximately $14 billion in September 2016. "I can think of no one better suited to serve at the helm of Axovant than David Hung," stated Mr. Ramaswamy. "We were not searching for a new CEO at Axovant, but following the acquisition of Medivation I approached David about taking a role with us after the MINDSET study. David decided that he wanted to join us now. I have enjoyed a close professional and personal relationship with David over the last ten years, and I am truly thrilled that Axovant is in capable hands as I transition full-time to my role as CEO of Roivant." "I am excited by the opportunity to lead Axovant to become a leader in neurology," Dr. Hung said. "Vivek and his team have done an incredible job of building Axovant over the past two years. I am especially excited by the MINDSET study and the opportunity to build a world-leading and highly innovative neurology pipeline over the next decade. While I am proud of my accomplishments at Medivation, I aspire to even greater lasting accomplishments here at Axovant." Dr. Hung founded Medivation in 2003 and served as President and CEO through its acquisition by Pfizer in 2016. During his tenure as CEO, Medivation achieved FDA approval for XTANDI® (enzalutamide) as a treatment for patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer. XTANDI® is the top-selling prostate cancer treatment globally. Prior to his founding and leadership experiences with Medivation, Dr. Hung served as President and CEO at ProDuct Health, Inc., from 1999 until its acquisition by Cytyc Corporation in 2001, and was Vice President of New Projects as well as Lead Discovery and Development at Chiron Corporation. Dr. Hung completed clinical fellowships in hematology, oncology, and transfusion medicine as well as basic science research fellowships in molecular biology at the University of California, San Francisco, School of Medicine. Dr. Hung received an MD Alpha Omega Alpha from the University of California, San Francisco, School of Medicine, and an AB in Biology summa cum laude from Harvard College. Appointment of President and Chief Operating Officer Axovant Sciences also announced the appointment of Marion McCourt as President and Chief Operating Officer. Ms. McCourt served as Chief Operating Officer of Medivation from February 2016 through its acquisition by Pfizer. Prior to joining Medivation, Ms. McCourt served as Vice President, Commercial Operations, U.S., at Amgen. Prior to that, she also served as Vice President and General Manager of the Bone Health & Primary Care Business Unit at Amgen. Before joining Amgen, Ms. McCourt served in numerous positions of increasing responsibility at AstraZeneca, including as Chief Operating Officer of AstraZeneca U.S., where she was responsible for all U.S. commercial functions, medical affairs, business development, finance, human resources, legal, operations, and corporate affairs. Ms. McCourt holds a BS in Biology from Lafayette College. "We are pleased to have Marion join our leadership team," said Dr. Hung. "She was a key member of my leadership team at Medivation and has a long track record of operating successful businesses. We expect Marion to play a critical role in preparing Axovant for the next stage of its growth as a company with a deep development pipeline and the potential to launch multiple commercial products targeting some of the world's greatest unmet medical needs."  Expansion of Board of Directors In addition, Axovant Sciences announced the appointment of two new members to the company's Board of Directors. Kathryn ("Kate") E. Falberg and William Anthony ("Tony") Vernon have joined as independent directors. Ms. Falberg and Mr. Vernon previously served as directors of Medivation through its acquisition by Pfizer. Ms. Falberg has previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of major biopharmaceutical companies including Amgen and Jazz Pharmaceuticals. Ms. Falberg served as Chief Financial Officer of Jazz Pharmaceuticals from December 2009 to March 2014. From 2001 through 2009, Ms. Falberg served on the Boards of Directors of numerous biopharmaceutical companies. From 1995 to 2001, Ms. Falberg served in positions of increasing responsibility at Amgen including ultimately as Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Falberg also serves on the boards of BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Aimmune Therapeutics, aTyr Pharma, and The Trade Desk. Ms. Falberg received an MBA in Finance and BA in Economics from the University of California, Los Angeles and is a certified public accountant, inactive. Mr. Vernon served as the Chief Executive Officer of the Kraft Foods Group from 2012 to 2014. From 2009 to 2011, Mr. Vernon served as the President of Kraft Foods North America and as an Executive Vice President of Kraft Foods. From 2006 to 2009, Mr. Vernon served as the healthcare industry partner for Ripplewood Holdings, a private equity firm. From 1982 to 2005, Mr. Vernon worked for Johnson & Johnson in a variety of leadership roles, including as Company Group Chairman of DePuy Orthopaedics, President of Centocor Biologics, President of McNeil Consumer Products and Nutritionals, and President of The Johnson & Johnson-Merck Joint Venture. Mr. Vernon currently serves on the boards of NovoCure, Intersect ENT and WhiteWave Foods. Mr. Vernon holds a BA in history from Lawrence University and an MBA from Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management. "We are pleased to welcome Kate and Tony to the Axovant Board of Directors," stated Mr. Ramaswamy. "Their experience and wisdom will be invaluable to us as Axovant becomes a major global pharmaceutical company in the years ahead."  "I had the pleasure of working with Kate and Tony on the board of Medivation where they provided exceptional counsel to me over the years," said Dr. Hung. "As Axovant approaches the potential launch of intepirdine, I look forward to once again leveraging their deep commercial, operational, and financial insights to help me build another world-class healthcare company." MINDSET Study Update Axovant recently completed enrollment for the MINDSET study. In total, the study randomized 1,315 patients on a stable background therapy of donepezil to treatment with either once-daily 35 mg intepirdine or placebo. The company expects topline results from the MINDSET study in late September 2017. About Axovant Sciences Axovant Sciences is a leading clinical-stage neurology company focused on the treatment of dementia and related neurological disorders. Axovant is developing a pipeline of product candidates to comprehensively address the cognitive, functional, and behavioral aspects of dementia. Our vision is to become the leading company focused on the treatment of dementia by broadly addressing multiple forms of this condition through developing innovative new medicines for patients. About Roivant Sciences Roivant Sciences delivers R&D solutions to the biopharmaceutical industry through partnerships designed to realize the full potential of promising biomedical research. Roivant advances its drug pipelines through wholly- or majority-owned Vants, including Axovant (neurology), Myovant (women's health and prostate cancer), Dermavant (dermatology), Enzyvant (rare diseases), and Urovant (urology). Roivant's partners include Merck, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, GlaxoSmithKline, Eisai, and Vertex Pharmaceuticals. Our long-range mission is to reduce the time and cost of developing new medicines for patients and to share those savings with the healthcare system.  Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding Axovant's clinical development and regulatory strategy for intepirdine and nelotanserin. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the words "believe," "anticipate," "continue," "estimate," "project," "expect," "plan," "potential," "intend," "will," "would," "could," "should" or the negative or plural of these words or other similar expressions that are predictions or indicate future events, trends or prospects. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: risks associated with the success, cost and timing of our product development activities and clinical trials; the approval and commercialization of intepirdine and nelotanserin; and increased regulatory requirements. These statements are subject to the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and regulatory agencies, medical and scientific experts and others may not share Axovant's views of the clinical study data. In addition, promising interim results or other preliminary analyses do not in any way ensure that later or final results in a clinical trial or in related or similar clinical trials will replicate those interim results. The product discussed is investigational and not approved and there can be no assurance that the clinical program for intepirdine or nelotanserin will be successful in demonstrating safety and/or efficacy, that we will not encounter problems or delays in clinical development, or that any of our product candidates will ever receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized. For a further description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to Axovant's business in general, see the "Risk Factors" section of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2017, and other filings that Axovant makes with the SEC from time to time. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Axovant as of the date of this press release and speak only as of the date of this release. Axovant disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law. XTANDI® is a registered trademark of Pfizer, Inc. SOURCE Axovant Sciences CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotechnology, Clinical Trials/Medical Discoveries, Health Care/Hospitals, Personnel Announcements, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious China Arrests Prominent International Pastor, Husband of American Citizen Next PostNext Alaska Air Group reports March 2017 operational results Search Recent Posts Image Recognition Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Global Ozone Therapy Units Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Global Thermal Spray Market Is Estimated To Grow At a CAGR 7.79% Dazzling Start to Decade Celebrations of BK Birla Institute Pilani BASANT Rituraj of College Fests in Rajasthan Increasing Demand of Sports & Fitness Nutrition Products Propelling the Industry Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Cancer Vaccines 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 27.24% and Forecast to 2019 Cancer Vaccines CANCER VACCINES This report studies the Cancer vaccines on global market, focuses on the top players in US market and also the market status and outlook by type and application. Request For Sample Report www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/59916-global-agricu… Scope of the Report: Cancer vaccines are biological preparations that stimulate or strengthen a person’s immune system against cancer. Cancer vaccines are usually administered intravenously. They can be used in both adults and children. The vaccines can be broadly classified into two: prophylactic and therapeutic vaccines. Prophylactic vaccines are used for the prevention of cancer, whereas therapeutic vaccines are used for treatment of cancer. Technavio’s analysts forecast the global cancer vaccines market to grow at a CAGR of 27.24% over the period 2014-2019. Covered in this Report This report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global cancer vaccines market for the period 2015-2019. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of various therapeutic and prophylactic cancer vaccines. This report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global cancer vaccines market for the period 2015-2019 in the following three regions: • Americas: The principal countries focused upon in this region are the US, Canada, Mexico, and Brazil • EMEA: The principal countries focused upon in this region are the UK; Germany; Italy; France; Spain and Middle Eastern and African countries such as Israel, South Africa, Egypt, Sudan, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and UAE • APAC: The principal countries focused upon in this region are Japan, China, Australia, Singapore, South Korea, and India. APAC is one of the major markets that is untapped by the leading vendors The report also presents the vendor landscape and a corresponding detailed analysis of the top vendors in the market. In addition, it discusses the major drivers that influence the growth of the market. It also outlines the challenges faced by the vendors and the market at large, as well as the key trends that are emerging in the market. Technavio’s report, Global Cancer Vaccines Market 2015-2019, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the Americas, EMEA, and APAC; it also covers the global cancer vaccines market landscape and its growth prospects in the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Regions • Americas • APAC • EMEA Key Vendors • Dendreon • GlaxoSmithKline • Merck Other Prominent Vendors • Aduro BioTech • Advantagene • Advaxis • Agenus • AlphaVax • Altor BioScience • Amgen • Antigen Express • Argos Therapeutics • AVAX Technologies • Bavarian Nordic • Biothera • Bristol-Myers Squibb • Celldex Therapeutics • Cel-Sci • CureVac • Cytos • Galena Biopharma • Genexine • GlobeImmune • Gradalis • Heat Biologics • Immatics • ImmunoCellular Therapeutics • Immutep • Inovio Pharmaceuticals • Isa Pharmaceuticals • Juvaris Biotherapeutics • MedImmune • NewLink Genetics • Northwest Biotherapeutics • NovaRx • OncoThyreon • Oncovir • Oxford BioMedica • Prima BioMed • Progenics • Provectus Biopharmaceuticals • Sanofi • Sotio • Transgene • Ubivac • Vaccinogen • Vaxon Biotech • Vical Market Driver • Increased Prevalence of Cancers • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market Challenge • Cold Chain Management • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market Trend • Strategic Alliances • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key Questions Answered in this Report • What will the market size be in 2019 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Complete Report: www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/59916-global-agricultural-… Table of Contents 01. Executive Summary 02. List of Abbreviations 03. Scope of the Report 03.1 Market Overview 03.2 Product Offerings 04. Market Research Methodology 04.1 Market Research Process 04.2 Research Methodology 05. Introduction 06. Market Landscape 06.1 Market Overview 06.2 Market Size and Forecast 06.2.1 Geographical Segmentation of Europe 06.3 Western Europe 06.3.1 Market Size and Forecast 06.4 Eastern Europe 06.4.1 Market Size and Forecast 06.5 Five Forces Analysis 07. Market Segmentation by End-users 07.1 Cancer Vaccines Market in Europe by End-users 2014 and 2019 07.2 Cancer Vaccines Market in Europe by Food Manufactures 07.2.1 Market Overview 07.2.2 Market Size and Forecast 07.3 Cancer Vaccines Market in Europe by Non-food Manufactures 07.3.1 Market Overview 07.3.2 Market Size and Forecast 07.4 Cancer Vaccines Market in Europe by Pet Food Manufactures 07.4.1 Market Size and Forecast 08. Geographical Segmentation 08.1 Cancer Vaccines Market in Europe by Geographical Segmentation in 2014 and 2019 09. Buying Criteria 10. Market Growth Drivers 11. Drivers and their Impact 12. Market Challenges 13. Impact of Drivers and Challenges 14. Market Trends 15. Trends and their Impact 16. Vendor Landscape 16.1 Competitive Scenario 16.1.1 Key Vendors 16.1.2 Cancer Vaccines Vendors in Germany 16.1.3 Cancer Vaccines Vendors in France 16.1.4 Cancer Vaccines Vendors in the UK 16.1.5 Cancer Vaccines Vendors in Poland, Russia, and Turkey 16.2 Market Share Analysis 2013 16.3 Other Prominent Vendors 17. Key Vendor Analysis 17.1 Amcor 17.1.1 Key Facts 17.1.2 Business Overview 17.1.3 Business Segmentation 17.1.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 17.1.5 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 17.1.6 Business Strategy 17.1.7 Key Information 17.1.8 SWOT Analysis 17.2 Bemis 17.2.1 Key Facts 17.2.2 Business Overview 17.2.3 Business Segmentation 17.2.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 17.2.5 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 17.2.6 Business Strategy 17.2.7 Key Information 17.3 Mondi 17.3.1 Key Facts 17.3.2 Business Overview 17.3.3 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2013 17.3.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2012 and 2013 17.3.5 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 2013 17.3.6 Business Strategy 17.3.7 Recent Developments 17.3.8 SWOT Analysis 17.4 Wipak 17.4.1 Key facts 17.4.2 Business overview 17.4.3 SWOT analysis 18. Other Reports in this Series Continued…………… Visit to our official website on Linkedin@ www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pv… Continued…………………. Buy This Report@ www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&rep… CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of market research reports under these categories and sub-categories Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Solar Encapsulation 2017 Global Key Players – First, MITSUI, Bridgestone, Sveck, TPI All Seasons, Akcome Market Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Smart Solar 2017 Global Market by Types, Countries, Manufacturers to 2022 – ABB, Echelon, First Solar, GE Energy, Schneider Electric, Siemens Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Cancer Vaccines 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 27.24% and Forecast to 2019 Cancer Vaccines CANCER VACCINES This report studies the Cancer vaccines on global market, focuses on the top players in US market and also the market status and outlook by type and application. Request For Sample Report www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/59916-global-agricu… Scope of the Report: Cancer vaccines are biological preparations that stimulate or strengthen a person’s immune system against cancer. Cancer vaccines are usually administered intravenously. They can be used in both adults and children. The vaccines can be broadly classified into two: prophylactic and therapeutic vaccines. Prophylactic vaccines are used for the prevention of cancer, whereas therapeutic vaccines are used for treatment of cancer. Technavio’s analysts forecast the global cancer vaccines market to grow at a CAGR of 27.24% over the period 2014-2019. Covered in this Report This report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global cancer vaccines market for the period 2015-2019. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of various therapeutic and prophylactic cancer vaccines. This report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global cancer vaccines market for the period 2015-2019 in the following three regions: • Americas: The principal countries focused upon in this region are the US, Canada, Mexico, and Brazil • EMEA: The principal countries focused upon in this region are the UK; Germany; Italy; France; Spain and Middle Eastern and African countries such as Israel, South Africa, Egypt, Sudan, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and UAE • APAC: The principal countries focused upon in this region are Japan, China, Australia, Singapore, South Korea, and India. APAC is one of the major markets that is untapped by the leading vendors The report also presents the vendor landscape and a corresponding detailed analysis of the top vendors in the market. In addition, it discusses the major drivers that influence the growth of the market. It also outlines the challenges faced by the vendors and the market at large, as well as the key trends that are emerging in the market. Technavio’s report, Global Cancer Vaccines Market 2015-2019, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the Americas, EMEA, and APAC; it also covers the global cancer vaccines market landscape and its growth prospects in the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Regions • Americas • APAC • EMEA Key Vendors • Dendreon • GlaxoSmithKline • Merck Other Prominent Vendors • Aduro BioTech • Advantagene • Advaxis • Agenus • AlphaVax • Altor BioScience • Amgen • Antigen Express • Argos Therapeutics • AVAX Technologies • Bavarian Nordic • Biothera • Bristol-Myers Squibb • Celldex Therapeutics • Cel-Sci • CureVac • Cytos • Galena Biopharma • Genexine • GlobeImmune • Gradalis • Heat Biologics • Immatics • ImmunoCellular Therapeutics • Immutep • Inovio Pharmaceuticals • Isa Pharmaceuticals • Juvaris Biotherapeutics • MedImmune • NewLink Genetics • Northwest Biotherapeutics • NovaRx • OncoThyreon • Oncovir • Oxford BioMedica • Prima BioMed • Progenics • Provectus Biopharmaceuticals • Sanofi • Sotio • Transgene • Ubivac • Vaccinogen • Vaxon Biotech • Vical Market Driver • Increased Prevalence of Cancers • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market Challenge • Cold Chain Management • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market Trend • Strategic Alliances • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key Questions Answered in this Report • What will the market size be in 2019 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Complete Report: www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/59916-global-agricultural-… Table of Contents 01. Executive Summary 02. List of Abbreviations 03. Scope of the Report 03.1 Market Overview 03.2 Product Offerings 04. Market Research Methodology 04.1 Market Research Process 04.2 Research Methodology 05. Introduction 06. Market Landscape 06.1 Market Overview 06.2 Market Size and Forecast 06.2.1 Geographical Segmentation of Europe 06.3 Western Europe 06.3.1 Market Size and Forecast 06.4 Eastern Europe 06.4.1 Market Size and Forecast 06.5 Five Forces Analysis 07. Market Segmentation by End-users 07.1 Cancer Vaccines Market in Europe by End-users 2014 and 2019 07.2 Cancer Vaccines Market in Europe by Food Manufactures 07.2.1 Market Overview 07.2.2 Market Size and Forecast 07.3 Cancer Vaccines Market in Europe by Non-food Manufactures 07.3.1 Market Overview 07.3.2 Market Size and Forecast 07.4 Cancer Vaccines Market in Europe by Pet Food Manufactures 07.4.1 Market Size and Forecast 08. Geographical Segmentation 08.1 Cancer Vaccines Market in Europe by Geographical Segmentation in 2014 and 2019 09. Buying Criteria 10. Market Growth Drivers 11. Drivers and their Impact 12. Market Challenges 13. Impact of Drivers and Challenges 14. Market Trends 15. Trends and their Impact 16. Vendor Landscape 16.1 Competitive Scenario 16.1.1 Key Vendors 16.1.2 Cancer Vaccines Vendors in Germany 16.1.3 Cancer Vaccines Vendors in France 16.1.4 Cancer Vaccines Vendors in the UK 16.1.5 Cancer Vaccines Vendors in Poland, Russia, and Turkey 16.2 Market Share Analysis 2013 16.3 Other Prominent Vendors 17. Key Vendor Analysis 17.1 Amcor 17.1.1 Key Facts 17.1.2 Business Overview 17.1.3 Business Segmentation 17.1.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 17.1.5 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 17.1.6 Business Strategy 17.1.7 Key Information 17.1.8 SWOT Analysis 17.2 Bemis 17.2.1 Key Facts 17.2.2 Business Overview 17.2.3 Business Segmentation 17.2.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 17.2.5 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 17.2.6 Business Strategy 17.2.7 Key Information 17.3 Mondi 17.3.1 Key Facts 17.3.2 Business Overview 17.3.3 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2013 17.3.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2012 and 2013 17.3.5 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 2013 17.3.6 Business Strategy 17.3.7 Recent Developments 17.3.8 SWOT Analysis 17.4 Wipak 17.4.1 Key facts 17.4.2 Business overview 17.4.3 SWOT analysis 18. Other Reports in this Series Continued…………… Visit to our official website on Linkedin@ www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pv… Continued…………………. Buy This Report@ www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&rep… CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of market research reports under these categories and sub-categories Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Solar Encapsulation 2017 Global Key Players – First, MITSUI, Bridgestone, Sveck, TPI All Seasons, Akcome Market Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Smart Solar 2017 Global Market by Types, Countries, Manufacturers to 2022 – ABB, Echelon, First Solar, GE Energy, Schneider Electric, Siemens Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Human Microbiome Global Market Research Scope, Commercial Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Human Microbiome Global Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 10, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Human Microbiome Market is accounted for $130.23 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $521.23 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 21.9% during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of lifestyle diseases, growing geriatric population, and technological developments are some of the factors fueling the market growth. By product, Probiotics segment dominated the global market with largest share during the forecast period. North America and Europe commanded the market owing to the improved biotechnological and microbiological research infrastructure. However, Asia-Pacific is anticipated to grow at the highest CAGR owing to recuperating research infrastructure in the region. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/human-microbiome-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in Human Microbiome market include Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc., E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, ViThera Pharmaceuticals, Metabiomics Corp., ActoGeniX, Optibiotix Health Plc, Vedanta Biosciences, Inc., MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC, Second Genome, Inc., ENTEROME Bioscience, Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd., Osel, Inc., AvidBiotics, Rebiotix Inc., Merck & Co., Inc. and Seres Therapeutics. Applications Covered: - Diagnostics - Therapeutics Diseases Covered: - Cancer - Acute Diarrhea - Diabetes - Mental Disorders - Autoimmune Disorders - Obesity - Other Diseases Products Covered: - Foods - Drugs - Probiotics - Diagnostic Devices - Prebiotics - Medical Foods o Nutritionally Incomplete Formulae o Formulae for Metabolic Disorders o Nutritionally Complete Formulae o Oral Rehydration Products - Other Probiotics Supplements Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/sample Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 10 Company Profiling 10.1 Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 10.2 E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company 10.3 ViThera Pharmaceuticals 10.4 Metabiomics Corp. 10.5 ActoGeniX 10.6 Optibiotix Health Plc 10.7 Vedanta Biosciences, Inc. 10.8 MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC 10.9 Second Genome, Inc. 10.10 ENTEROME Bioscience 10.11 Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd. 10.12 Osel, Inc. 10.13 AvidBiotics 10.14 Rebiotix Inc., 10.15 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.16 Seres Therapeutics Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Europe Contraceptives Market Research Report 2021 As per the syndicated report published by Market Data Forecast Europe Contraceptives Market which is estimated to be USD 5.59 billion in 2016 is poised to reach USD 7.66 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 6.50% from 2016 to 2021. For full report refer to http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-contraceptives-market-1230/ It can attribute to the factors such as increasing development of effective female contraceptive devices and drugs, increasing initiatives from government and NGO to promote contraceptives, advancement in technologies are drivers of Europe Contraceptives Market. Restraints the growth of the market are the side effects associated with the use of contraceptive devices and drugs, rising prevalence of infertility.   The European contraceptives market enjoys a high degree of product penetration especially, in segments such as intrauterine devices (IUD) and subdermal implants. Free sample of the report is available at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-contraceptives-market-1230/request-sample Male and female condoms, sponges, IUDs, vaginal implants, subdermal implants, and diaphragms are important devices and accounted for the largest share of the market in terms of revenue. This is attributed to the efficiency of condoms to inhibit the infections and growing awareness about STD (Sexually transmitted disease), including HIV. In a recent study, subdermal implants have been recognized to have an immense potential to meet the need of women for family planning. Request for Discount http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-contraceptives-market-1230/request-discount Europe Contraceptives Market is segmented based on Drug type and Medical Devices as mentioned below for attaining a more granular perspective of the market. In the report each sub segment is provided with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts. Based on Drug type:                              ·         Contraceptive pills               ·         Topical contraceptives       ·         Contraceptive injectable   ·         Others (contraceptive gels, jellies and creams)        Based on Medical Devices:                 ·         Male contraceptive devices             ·         Female contraceptive devices        ·         Female condoms ·         Intrauterine devices ·         Contraceptive sponges ·         Contraceptive diaphragms ·         Contraceptive patches ·         Subdermal contraceptive implants ·         Non-surgical permanent contraceptive devices Enquire more about the report at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-contraceptives-market-1230/inquire The Europe market is analyzed under various regions namely U.K, Germany, France, Italy, and Spain. The key players in Europe Contraceptives Market are Bayer HealthCare AG, Mayer Laboratories, Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, Medicines360, Church & Dwight, Co., Inc., Actavis, Inc., CooperSurgical, Inc., Medisafe Distribution Inc, Pace Pharmaceuticals Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Reckitt Benckiser plc, and Pfizer, Inc. Buy now http://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/europe-contraceptives-market-1230 Technological advancements in intrauterine contraceptive devices are expected to create new opportunities for new players in the global intrauterine contraceptive device market in the years to come. Rising number of product innovations and increasing number of acquisitions and mergers are some of the recent trends witnessed in the global intrauterine contraceptive device market. The Contraceptives Market study offers the following deliverables: Regional and country-level analysis that provides an innate perspective of European region and the aforementioned countries Meticulously identifying the key areas of market growth by providing market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations  at a Segment-level analysis Explanations of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of macro and micro environmental factors that affect the European market presented in the form of PESTLE and Porter’s Five Forces Analyses Company overview, product portfolios, key financial information (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview of the key market players operating in the region Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies Expertly devised Market Outlook – Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Medical Devices Segment: Europe General Surgical Devices Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-general-surgical-device-market–1442/ Europe Laparoscopy Device Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-laparoscopy-device-market-670/ Europe Medical Device 3D Printing Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-medical-device-three-dimension-printing-market-334/ Europe Wound Care Management Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-wound-care-management-devices-market-1646/ Europe Refurbished Medical Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-refurbished-medical-devices-market-700/ About Market Data Forecast: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, they cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. From all-encompassing umbrella markets to extremely specific niche markets covering all the major regions across the globe as part of the research scope, their research services offer one of a kind specialities with competitive pricing options. For more info kindly visit @ www.marketdataforecast.com Contact: Abhishek Shukla Sales Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Digital Pathology Market Analysis, trends and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext SuperGroup Plc – Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Fertility Enhancing Treatment Market to Partake Significant Development During 2017 – 2025 Infertility is the major problem worldwide and results in the abnormal functioning of the male or female reproductive system and can manifest as an inability to get pregnant, inability to maintain the pregnancy or inability to maintain the pregnancy to a live birth. According to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, data for 2011- 2013 in U.S reported that about 7.5 million women had decreased the ability to get pregnant or carry a baby to long term. Infertility can be due to both men and women or due to some unknown problems. The cause of infertility among women include problems related to ovulation, uterine problems, blocked fallopian tube, poor diet, age, and others. The cause of infertility among men is due to low or absence of sperm or sperm damage due to certain diseases. High consumption of alcohol, drug abuse, smoking, chemotherapy, radiation therapy, strong medication are some of the risk factors listed for men A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/14902 Nowadays, the trend of delayed marriage is rising, and women are waiting until their mid-30s and 40s to have kids. Aging is one of the major problem decreasing women’s fertility. Increased age results to reduced ovulation and miscarriage chances and other health problems after. Many diagnostic tests are done by doctors to find the cause of infertility; this test includes ultrasound, sperm and ovum studies, ovulation tests, laparoscopy and others Due to the increased rate of infertility, researchers are focusing on health problems related to women and men. Several medicines are used to treat infertility or enhance fertility among women. Based on the test results other treatment options include artificial insemination, assisted reproductive technology (ART) and others. Several types of ART are performed such as zygote/gamete transfer, in-vitro fertilization, intracytoplasmic sperm injection and others. According to National Vital Statistics report of United States, in 2013 fertility rate was 62 births per 1000 women, which was down by 1% from 2012. Increased incidence of infertility among both men and women, various global initiatives for sexual and reproductive health, increased prevalence of diseases such as polycystic ovary syndrome; uterine fibroids, endometriosis and others leads to infertility due to high dose drugs that damage ovum/sperm. Due to these reasons the market for global fertility enhancement treatment is anticipated to grow during the forecast period. The global market for fertility enhancement treatment is segmented on basis of treatment type, gender, distribution channel and geography: Segment by Treatment  Fertility Drugs for Women Ovarian Stimulation Fertility Drugs Clomiphene citrate Human menopausal gonadotropins Follicle stimulating hormone or FSH Human chorionic gonadatropin or hCG Other fertility drugs for women Bromocriptine Cabergoline Others Fertility Drugs for Men Human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) Human menopausal gonadotropin (hMG) with hCG injections Recombinant human follicle stimulating hormone (rhFSH) Gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) Segment by Gender Female Male Segment by Distribution Channel Hospital Pharmacy Drug Stores Retail Pharmacy E-commerce The global fertility enhancement treatment market is segmented by treatment type, gender, distribution channel, and geography. Based on the treatment type, global fertility enhancement treatment market is segmented into fertility drugs for women such as ovarian stimulating drugs that include clomiphene citrate, human menopausal gonadotropins, stimulating follicle hormone or FSH and human chorionic gonadotropin or hCG; other fertility drugs such as bromocriptine and cabergoline and others. The fertility drugs for men includes human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), human menopausal gonadotropin (hMG) with hCG injections, recombinant human follicle stimulating hormone (rhFSH), gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH). Based on the gender the market is segmented according to the male and female population. Based on the distribution channel, the market for global fertility enhancement is segmented into hospital pharmacy; drug stores, retail pharmacy, e-commerce. On the basis of regional presence, global fertility enhancement treatment market is segmented into five key regions viz.  North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America leads the fertility enhancement treatment market reasons being lifestyle changes, new product innovations, and early treatment adoption. Europe is the second leading market for fertility enhancement treatment market due to development activities and large research base. The Asia Pacific market is also expected to grow at a higher rate owing to changing lifestyle, large target patient pool, rapid population growth, adoption of western lifestyle, and growth in research and development. These factors are likely to drive the market growth of fertility enhancement treatment market during the forecast period globally. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/14902 Some of the major players in fertility enhancement treatment market are CooperSurgical Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Vitrolife AB, Monash IVF, Ferring Pharmaceuticals, Halotech DNA, IntegraMed America, Inc. and others. Government initiatives, financial schemes to afford infertility research and treatments, innovation in clinical procedures to improve fertility, focus on patient care and monitoring, have been the major strategies adopted by major players in the global fertility enhancement treatment market. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsFertility Enhancing, Fertility Enhancing Treatment, Fertility Enhancing Treatment Market, Global Fertility Enhancing Treatment Market, Google News, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Life Sciences, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, satellite, satPRnews, Transformational Health Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Chlorophyll Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Automotive Transmission Filter Market Value Estimated To Grow With a Healthy CAGR Rate during 2016-2022 Search Recent Posts The Ev Bus Rapid Transport System Market Is Expected To Reach Multimillion USD by the End Of 2022 Lutein Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 Global Hyaluronate Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Glutamate Market 2022: Analysed by Business Growth, Development Factors, Applications, and Future Prospects Hybrid Cars and Ev Market 2017 Industry Analysis, Segment & Forecast Up To 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Asia Pacific Alopecia Treatment Market Is Expected to Witness Significant Growth of US$ 2,655.9 Million by 2024 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/10/2017 — According to the latest market report published by Persistence Market Research, titled „Asia Pacific Alopecia Treatment Market: Industry Analysis and Forecast (2016–2024)”, revenue from the Asia Pacific alopecia treatment market is expected to expand at a CAGR of 6.6% during the forecast period 2016 – 2024. In the report, the Asia-Pacific alopecia treatment market is analyzed on the basis of, type of alopecia, treatment type, and end user. On the basis of the type of alopecia, the overall market has been segmented into alopecia areata, alopecia totalis, and alopecia universalis. Topical drugs (creams, oils, lotions, gels, shampoos, and foam), oral drugs, injectable (platelet rich plasma therapy, steroid, and injectable fillers), hair transplant services and low-level laser therapy form the basis of treatment type. By end user segment, the market has been segmented into hospitals, dermatology and trichology clinics, home care settings, and aesthetic clinics. In the overall market, oral solid dosage formulations are expected to witness increased acceptance owing to ease of consumption by patients in Asia Pacific. Accordingly, oral drugs segment is anticipated to witness an increase in value from US$ 556.6 Mn in 2016 to US$ 1,005.1 Mn by the end of 2024. Rising global demand for effective hair loss treatment medications especially oral drugs is the prime driver of the market. Oral hair loss treatment drugs are gaining popularity as they help in maintaining patient-safety through reduced number of medicine dosages, but with increased drug efficacy. However, changing lifestyle along with the increase in stress level among working class population, cosmeceutical drug manufacturers focusing on expanding their hair treatment and scalp treatment product line, and cytokine therapy gaining momentum for alopecia treatment are other factors that expected to fuel the market growth for alopecia treatment market over the forecast period. Patent expiry of major blockbuster drugs resulting in market exclusivity for some brands and various side effects associated with the hair loss treatments is expected to hamper the overall market growth. Some of the side effects such as allergies, depression, and chances of permanent sexual dysfunctions. Other market deterrents include the limited efficacy of the hair loss treatment drugs and lack of reimbursement facilities for hair loss treatments services, such as laser treatments. Based on countries, the market has been divided into China, Japan, Australia & New Zealand, Malaysia, Singapore, India, Vietnam, Philippines and Rest of Asia-Pacific. Developed pharmaceuticals markets such as the China and Japan are expected to emerge as the main sourcing markets. This report assesses trends by type of alopecia, treatment type, end user, and countries; to offer analytical insights about the potential demand emerging for particular alopecia treatments in specific regions. China is estimated to dominate the alopecia treatment market accounting for maximum revenue share of the overall market by end of 2016. By 2024 end, China and Japan markets are expected to account for over three-fifth share of the Asia Pacific alopecia treatment market revenue. In terms of market share by value, China is estimated to retain its dominant position, registering a CAGR of 7.1% over the forecast period. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11077 Some key companies covered in this report include Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Inc., Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., Cipla Ltd., Cellmid Ltd., The Himalaya Drug Company, Taisho Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd, Shiseido Co., Ltd., and Zhangguang 101 Science & Technology Co., Ltd. These companies are primarily focused on enhancing their product portfolio through research and development and the introduction of innovative and cost-effective advanced manufacturing procedures in order to gain higher market share and to strengthen their respective positions in the Asia Pacific market. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/11077 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Medical Imaging Equipment Market to Record an Impressive Growth Rate of US$ 45.3 Billion by 2023 Next PostNext LED Medical Diagnostics Inc (LEDIF: OTCQB) | LED Medical Diagnostics Announces Participation at Bloom Burton & Co. Healthcare Investor Conference and Grant of Stock Options Search Recent Posts Richard MacDonald Studios Sues Former Chief Operating Officer, Julia Cominos for Embezzlement and Fraud North America Salad Dressings and Mayonnaise 2017 Market Share,Growth,Trends & Forecast to 2022 Global Influenza Vaccines Market to Reach $5 Billion by 2022 Prostate Cancer – Newer Antiandrogens & Emerging Therapies Targeting a „Watchful Waiting” and Resistance Population Acrylic Products of Very High Quality Are Now Available Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Asia Pacific Alopecia Treatment Market to Extent an Assessed Value of US $2,655.9 Milion by 2024 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/10/2017 — According to the latest market report published by Persistence Market Research, titled „Asia Pacific Alopecia Treatment Market: Industry Analysis and Forecast (2016–2024)”, revenue from the Asia Pacific alopecia treatment market is expected to expand at a CAGR of 6.6% during the forecast period 2016 – 2024. In the report, the Asia-Pacific alopecia treatment market is analyzed on the basis of, type of alopecia, treatment type, and end user. On the basis of the type of alopecia, the overall market has been segmented into alopecia areata, alopecia totalis, and alopecia universalis. Topical drugs (creams, oils, lotions, gels, shampoos, and foam), oral drugs, injectable (platelet rich plasma therapy, steroid, and injectable fillers), hair transplant services and low-level laser therapy form the basis of treatment type. By end user segment, the market has been segmented into hospitals, dermatology and trichology clinics, home care settings, and aesthetic clinics. In the overall market, oral solid dosage formulations are expected to witness increased acceptance owing to ease of consumption by patients in Asia Pacific. Accordingly, oral drugs segment is anticipated to witness an increase in value from US$ 556.6 Mn in 2016 to US$ 1,005.1 Mn by the end of 2024. Rising global demand for effective hair loss treatment medications especially oral drugs is the prime driver of the market. Oral hair loss treatment drugs are gaining popularity as they help in maintaining patient-safety through reduced number of medicine dosages, but with increased drug efficacy. However, changing lifestyle along with the increase in stress level among working class population, cosmeceutical drug manufacturers focusing on expanding their hair treatment and scalp treatment product line, and cytokine therapy gaining momentum for alopecia treatment are other factors that expected to fuel the market growth for alopecia treatment market over the forecast period. Patent expiry of major blockbuster drugs resulting in market exclusivity for some brands and various side effects associated with the hair loss treatments is expected to hamper the overall market growth. Some of the side effects such as allergies, depression, and chances of permanent sexual dysfunctions. Other market deterrents include the limited efficacy of the hair loss treatment drugs and lack of reimbursement facilities for hair loss treatments services, such as laser treatments. Based on countries, the market has been divided into China, Japan, Australia & New Zealand, Malaysia, Singapore, India, Vietnam, Philippines and Rest of Asia-Pacific. Developed pharmaceuticals markets such as the China and Japan are expected to emerge as the main sourcing markets. This report assesses trends by type of alopecia, treatment type, end user, and countries; to offer analytical insights about the potential demand emerging for particular alopecia treatments in specific regions. China is estimated to dominate the alopecia treatment market accounting for maximum revenue share of the overall market by end of 2016. By 2024 end, China and Japan markets are expected to account for over three-fifth share of the Asia Pacific alopecia treatment market revenue. In terms of market share by value, China is estimated to retain its dominant position, registering a CAGR of 7.1% over the forecast period. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11077 Some key companies covered in this report include Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Inc., Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., Cipla Ltd., Cellmid Ltd., The Himalaya Drug Company, Taisho Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd, Shiseido Co., Ltd., and Zhangguang 101 Science & Technology Co., Ltd. These companies are primarily focused on enhancing their product portfolio through research and development and the introduction of innovative and cost-effective advanced manufacturing procedures in order to gain higher market share and to strengthen their respective positions in the Asia Pacific market. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/11077 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Low Frequency Electric Field Sensor Market 2017 Focuses on Major Manufactureres Adient, Alpine, Altran, Clarion, Harman, Valeo, Elektrobit Next PostNext Global Ostomy Care Accessories Market Is Expected to Surpass US $503.7 Million by 2021 Search Recent Posts ColorCoat, Inc. to Locate New Facility in South Fulton Mississippi Tax Return Preparer Pleads Guilty to Obstructing the IRS and Filing False Returns Social Enterprise World Forum 2017 & its Pacific Connection Global Military Smart Weapons Sales Market Forecast 2017-2021 Reviled in New Research Destiny Media Technologies Schedules Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Veterinary Vaccines Market Driven by Growing Awareness Regarding Viral Diseases Global Veterinary Vaccines Market Driven by Growing Awareness Regarding Viral Diseases Posted on April 10, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. The report observes that veterinary vaccines are extensively used for the prevention of life-threatening animal diseases. An increase in the prevalence of animal diseases is rated as one of the primary drivers in the global veterinary vaccines market. Also, the research study reveals that governments in various countries are investing heavily on animal healthcare, which augurs well for the future of the market. Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/10/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE), announces the addition of a new report titled "Veterinary Vaccines Market (Animal Type – Companion Animals – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024" to its database. The 185-page report is a combination of primary and secondary research in which it explores all the drivers and restraints, analyzes the current and future prospects, and provides a forecast for the veterinary vaccines industry for the duration of 2016 to 2024. Request for Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2098 The report observes that veterinary vaccines are extensively used for the prevention of life-threatening animal diseases. An increase in the prevalence of animal diseases is rated as one of the primary drivers in the global veterinary vaccines market. Also, the research study reveals that governments in various countries are investing heavily on animal healthcare, which augurs well for the future of the market. A rise in the worldwide demand for milk, meat, eggs and fish is further fueling the market for these vaccines as they help assure the vendor's investments in their enterprise. Furthermore, the growing awareness about vaccination among the middle class is a reason that will propel the demand for veterinary vaccines. Conversely, the report observes that stringent market regulations and the high cost of the research and development of new vaccines may hamper the overall growth rate. The study segments the global market for veterinary vaccines on the basis of technology type, animal type, and geography. By technology type, the market has been categorized into inactivated vaccines, conjugate vaccines, live attenuated vaccines, toxoid vaccines, and other vaccines such as DNA vaccines, recombinant vaccines, and subunit vaccines. The report reveals that companion vaccines and livestock vaccines are the most prominent segments by animal type. The segment of companion vaccines comprises canine vaccines, equine vaccines, and feline vaccines. The livestock vaccine segment is further divided into porcine, poultry, bovine, ovine, and other vaccines. This report provides market revenue in terms of US$ mn for the period of 2016 to 2024, besides the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) from 2016 to 2024. 2015 has been considered as the base year. To present a clear picture of the global market for veterinary vaccines, this report geographically segments the market into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. The mentioned regions are further analyzed on the basis of leading country-wise markets. The competition matrix section reveals the market share of key players and explores the strategies they are adopting to maintain their hold over the market. Browse Full Global Veterinary Vaccines Market Report with TOC:http://www.mrrse.com/veterinary-vaccines-industry Some of the prominent players in the global veterinary vaccines market are Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bayer AG, Bimeda, Inc., Ceva Sante Animale, Eli Lilly and Company (Elanco Animal Health), Sanofi S.A. (Merial Animal Health), Merck Animal Health, Virbac, and Zoetis, Inc. About Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Follow Us on LinkedIn-https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Follow Us On Twitter-https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-veterinary-vaccines-market-driven-by-growing-awareness-regarding-viral-diseases-792397.htm Media Relations Contact Mr. Nachiket Ghumare Assistant Manager MRRSE Telephone: 1-518-730-0559 Email: Click to Email Mr. Nachiket Ghumare Web: http://www.mrrse.com/veterinary-vaccines-industry Latest News Global Distributed Optical Fiber Sensor 2017 Market Report; Launched via MarketResearchReports.com Global Boost Valve Industry 2017 Market Report; Launched via MarketResearchReports.com Global and China Li-Ion Battery Market Research Report Forecast 2017 – 2021; New Report Launched Meredith Vieira to Host The Women’s Choice Award® Show Global Basketball Socks Industry 2017 Market Report; Launched via MarketResearchReports.com Global Automotive Suspension Rear Spring Bushing 2017 Market Report; Launched via MarketResearchReports.com Air Independent Propulsion (AIP) Systems Market Is Predicted to Show Significant Growth Post 2016 Global Air Filter for Automotive Market Trends, Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Competitive Landscape by Forecast to 2022 Global Veterinary Vaccines Market Driven by Growing Awareness Regarding Viral Diseases Hyland Appoints Three New Board Members to its Financial Services VOGUE User Group © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Solid Tumors Drugs Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Solid Tumors Drugs Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 10, 2017 ) The rising prevalence of various cancers, which has led to innovations and technological advancements, drives the development of new immunotherapy drugs that are more effective than the available drugs to treat solid tumors. Solid tumors are an abnormal mass of tissue that do not contain cysts or liquid areas. These may be malignant (cancerous) or benign (not cancerous). They affect bones, organs, and muscles. Based on the type of the cells, solid tumors can be carcinomas, sarcomas, and lymphomas. Publisher's analysts forecast the global solid tumors drugs market to grow at a CAGR of 8.6% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-solid-tumors-drugs-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global solid tumors drugs market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of branded drugs, generics, and biosimilars used to treat solid tumors. It also considers the revenues to be generated from the sales of drugs that are anticipated to be launched into the market along with the decline in revenues from the patent expiries of the branded drugs during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Solid Tumors Drugs Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - F. Hoffmann-La Roche - Novartis - Celgene - Johnson & Johnson - Pfizer - BMS Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001303202/sample Other prominent vendors - AbbVie - AbGenomics - ADC Therapeutics - Advantagene - Agensys - Almac Group - Ambrx - Argos Therapeutics - Array BioPharma - Astellas Pharma - AstraZeneca - Bayer - Biogen - Biotech Pharmaceutical - Boehringer Ingelheim - Boston Biomedical - Celldex Therapeutics - Chugai Pharmaceutical - Cold Genesys - CTI BioPharma - Daiichi Sankyo - DNAtrix - Ds-Pharma - Eleison Pharmaceuticals - Eli Lilly - Endo Pharmaceuticals - Formation Biologics - Fortress Biotech - Genmab - GSK - Immatics Biotechnologies - Immunogen - Immunomedics - Intas Pharmaceuticals - Kairos Therapeutics - Kyowa Hakko Kirin - MedImmune - Merck - Mersana Therapeutics - Morphotek - Neovii Biotech - NewLink Genetics - Northwest Biotherapeutics - Novartis - OncoMed Pharmaceuticals - Oxford Biotherapeutics - Peregrine Pharmaceuticals - Polaris Pharmaceuticals - Sanofi - Seattle Genetics - Spectrum Pharmaceuticals - Stemcentrx - Synthon Biopharmaceuticals - TG Therapeutics - XBiotech Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001303202/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Cardiovascular Players Could Be Eyeing Esperion Elizabeth Balboa , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 10, 2017 11:53am   Comments Share: Related ESPR Watch These 6 Huge Put Purchases In Monday Trade Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From April 7 Takeover chatter prompted a 5.5 percent spike in Esperion Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ: ESPR) Monday. A source familiar with the matter told Benzinga the cholesterol-focused pharmaceutical could be drawing interest from a player in the cardiovascular space. The reaction follows a Friday Seeking Alpha post asserting Esperion’s gross undervaluation and attractive M&A position. The article’s author justified the thesis by the impending expiration of Esperion’s statin patents and approval of its Bempedoic Acid drug, as well as its financial capacity to fund various Phase 3 studies. “As the leaders in statin lose their patents — which means less revenue growth, the big pharmaceutical companies like Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) are hungry for revenue growth and increasing their product pipeline,” author MantheRN wrote. “Furthermore, the easy and painless option of taking one pill a day versus one costly injection a day — makes Esperion an excellent choice for lowering LDL and higher patient compliance.” The company is expected to file a New Drug Application for Bempedoic Acid with the Food and Drug Administration in 2019, and the candidate boasts a market potential of 78 million in the U.S. alone. The Seeking Alpha author didn't speculate as to potential bidders, but, according to a PMLive report, AstraZeneca plc (ADR) (NYSE: AZN), Sanofi SA (ADR) (NYSE: SNY) and Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) had the highest sales of cardiovascular products in 2014. AstraZeneca was unavailable for comment. Esperion was trading around $37.90 at time of publication. Posted-In: Bempedoic AcidBiotech News Health Care Rumors M&A Top Stories General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AZN + ESPR) Watch These 6 Huge Put Purchases In Monday Trade Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From April 7 Anthrax And Government Contracts: PharmAthene And Altimmune Ahead Of Merger Tesaro Gets Approval For Zejula, Expect U.S. Launch Late April How The Market For Tesaro's Niraparib Plays Out Following Early FDA Approval 'Spider-Man' Glenn King Hopes His Potential Stroke-Saving Arachnid Molecule Makes It To Market View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on ESPR Trending Recent 1 KERX, SHOS: 16 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 NVDA, NFLX: Benzinga's Top Picks Of The Week: Disney, Netflix, Blac... 3 FB, GOOG: Gene Munster And His Crazy Crystal Ball 4 SEAC, SLP: 6 Stocks To Watch For April 10, 2017 5 ABX, HK: Barron's Picks And Pans: Gold,... 6 BABA: 'Downtown' Josh Brown... 7 RRTS, MTSC: Earnings Scheduled For... 1 This Week In Stocks – Choppy Up, Then Down 2 BHP: BHP Billiton Higher Off Activist's Plan To Unlock Value 3 DPZ: Domino's Is Doing 'Something That We've Never Done Before' 4 Using The Spread Scanner's Risk Reward Visuals 5 BBY, HGGGQ: Best Buy Estimated To Pick Up 20% In Market Share As hhgregg Clo... 6 GOOS: Can Canada Goose Fly North To 25% Upside In The Next Year? 7 SBUX: The Bull-Bear Debate On Starbucks Still Brewing View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Semiconductor Stocks Are Red Hot And Showing No Signs Of Cooling Down
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News CYTOMEGALOVIRUS (CMV) INFECTION TREATMENT AND DIAGNOSIS MARKET – GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Cytomegalovirus (CMV) is a virus that belongs to herpesvirus family that remain dormant in the human body. CMV infection can occur in people of all ages worldwide. CMV is a communicable disease that spreads through body fluids such as saliva, blood, urine, semen, and breast milk. Presence of CMV infection can be detected by various testing methods based on which the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market can be analyzed: Serologic test Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test Download Exclusive PDF Brochure of This Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/167 CMV diagnosis is very critical in pregnant women and immunocompromised individuals. Enzyme-linked immunoassay test is the most widely used serologic testing for CMV infection in laboratories. Besides, PCR technique is also widely implemented for samples of saliva, and urine. Awareness about the infection is essential as most of the cases go undiagnosed at early stages as the disease is asymptomatic. Cytomegalovirus infection market: Treatment approach People diagnosed with high risk of CMV infection may be given anti-viral medications to prevent the disease to get in to active stage. There is no cure available for treating the CMV infection. Ganciclovir, Val ganciclovir, Cidofovir, Valacyclovir and Foscarnet are few major anti-viral medications prescribed. In some cases, CMV immune globulin contains antibodies (proteins) may be prescribed to prevent CMV infection. There are certain products in pipeline which includes Cytovir CMV, Letermovir, CytoTect CP 70, Brincidofovir and ASP0113, commercialization of which is expected to fuel the global CMV infection treatment and diagnosis market growth in the near future. Get Exclusive Discount on this CMI Report: www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-discount/167 Vital statistics for the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market Besides, diagnosis of new CMV cases would be a propelling factor for global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market. The Public Health Agency of Canada estimates that 40%-100% of the global population have CMV antibody present in their body. Immunocompromised patients (HIV, organ transplant), premature infants, newborns and with congenital CMV are at high risk of developing serious illness with CMV infection. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), one in every 150 infants are born with congenital cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in the U.S. However, only one in five infants infected with CMV have long term health problems. Prevailing infection rates and demand for effective treatment therapies would be thrusting the cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market growth. Browse Global Strategic Business Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/cytomegalo… CMV infection treatment and diagnosis market: Regional overview Early diagnosis practices would drive the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market in developed regions such as North America and Europe, where accessibility to advanced diagnostic and treatment facilities is high compared to the emerging economies. For market players in the diagnosis and treatment of CMV infection, ensuring accessibility and healthcare investment in emerging nations would be critical to generate better return on investments. Some of the major players in the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market are Merck & Co. Inc., Cell Medical Ltd., Chimerix, Inc., Affymetrix, Inc., Abbott Laboratories, Inc., Becton, Dickinson and Company, Johnson & Johnson, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., and F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com Visit Coherent Market Insights Blog @ blog.coherentmarketinsights.com/ Connect with us on LinkedIn @ www.linkedin.com/company/coherent-market-insights This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious REGENERATIVE MEDICINE MARKET – GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Next PostNext LARGE VOLUME WEARABLE INJECTORS MARKET — GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News CYTOMEGALOVIRUS (CMV) INFECTION TREATMENT AND DIAGNOSIS MARKET – GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Cytomegalovirus (CMV) is a virus that belongs to herpesvirus family that remain dormant in the human body. CMV infection can occur in people of all ages worldwide. CMV is a communicable disease that spreads through body fluids such as saliva, blood, urine, semen, and breast milk. Presence of CMV infection can be detected by various testing methods based on which the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market can be analyzed: Serologic test Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test Download Exclusive PDF Brochure of This Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/167 CMV diagnosis is very critical in pregnant women and immunocompromised individuals. Enzyme-linked immunoassay test is the most widely used serologic testing for CMV infection in laboratories. Besides, PCR technique is also widely implemented for samples of saliva, and urine. Awareness about the infection is essential as most of the cases go undiagnosed at early stages as the disease is asymptomatic. Cytomegalovirus infection market: Treatment approach People diagnosed with high risk of CMV infection may be given anti-viral medications to prevent the disease to get in to active stage. There is no cure available for treating the CMV infection. Ganciclovir, Val ganciclovir, Cidofovir, Valacyclovir and Foscarnet are few major anti-viral medications prescribed. In some cases, CMV immune globulin contains antibodies (proteins) may be prescribed to prevent CMV infection. There are certain products in pipeline which includes Cytovir CMV, Letermovir, CytoTect CP 70, Brincidofovir and ASP0113, commercialization of which is expected to fuel the global CMV infection treatment and diagnosis market growth in the near future. Get Exclusive Discount on this CMI Report: www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-discount/167 Vital statistics for the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market Besides, diagnosis of new CMV cases would be a propelling factor for global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market. The Public Health Agency of Canada estimates that 40%-100% of the global population have CMV antibody present in their body. Immunocompromised patients (HIV, organ transplant), premature infants, newborns and with congenital CMV are at high risk of developing serious illness with CMV infection. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), one in every 150 infants are born with congenital cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in the U.S. However, only one in five infants infected with CMV have long term health problems. Prevailing infection rates and demand for effective treatment therapies would be thrusting the cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market growth. Browse Global Strategic Business Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/cytomegalo… CMV infection treatment and diagnosis market: Regional overview Early diagnosis practices would drive the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market in developed regions such as North America and Europe, where accessibility to advanced diagnostic and treatment facilities is high compared to the emerging economies. For market players in the diagnosis and treatment of CMV infection, ensuring accessibility and healthcare investment in emerging nations would be critical to generate better return on investments. Some of the major players in the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market are Merck & Co. Inc., Cell Medical Ltd., Chimerix, Inc., Affymetrix, Inc., Abbott Laboratories, Inc., Becton, Dickinson and Company, Johnson & Johnson, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., and F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com Visit Coherent Market Insights Blog @ blog.coherentmarketinsights.com/ Connect with us on LinkedIn @ www.linkedin.com/company/coherent-market-insights This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious REGENERATIVE MEDICINE MARKET – GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Next PostNext LARGE VOLUME WEARABLE INJECTORS MARKET — GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News CYTOMEGALOVIRUS (CMV) INFECTION TREATMENT AND DIAGNOSIS MARKET – GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Cytomegalovirus (CMV) is a virus that belongs to herpesvirus family that remain dormant in the human body. CMV infection can occur in people of all ages worldwide. CMV is a communicable disease that spreads through body fluids such as saliva, blood, urine, semen, and breast milk. Presence of CMV infection can be detected by various testing methods based on which the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market can be analyzed: Serologic test Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test Download Exclusive PDF Brochure of This Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/167 CMV diagnosis is very critical in pregnant women and immunocompromised individuals. Enzyme-linked immunoassay test is the most widely used serologic testing for CMV infection in laboratories. Besides, PCR technique is also widely implemented for samples of saliva, and urine. Awareness about the infection is essential as most of the cases go undiagnosed at early stages as the disease is asymptomatic. Cytomegalovirus infection market: Treatment approach People diagnosed with high risk of CMV infection may be given anti-viral medications to prevent the disease to get in to active stage. There is no cure available for treating the CMV infection. Ganciclovir, Val ganciclovir, Cidofovir, Valacyclovir and Foscarnet are few major anti-viral medications prescribed. In some cases, CMV immune globulin contains antibodies (proteins) may be prescribed to prevent CMV infection. There are certain products in pipeline which includes Cytovir CMV, Letermovir, CytoTect CP 70, Brincidofovir and ASP0113, commercialization of which is expected to fuel the global CMV infection treatment and diagnosis market growth in the near future. Get Exclusive Discount on this CMI Report: www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-discount/167 Vital statistics for the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market Besides, diagnosis of new CMV cases would be a propelling factor for global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market. The Public Health Agency of Canada estimates that 40%-100% of the global population have CMV antibody present in their body. Immunocompromised patients (HIV, organ transplant), premature infants, newborns and with congenital CMV are at high risk of developing serious illness with CMV infection. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), one in every 150 infants are born with congenital cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in the U.S. However, only one in five infants infected with CMV have long term health problems. Prevailing infection rates and demand for effective treatment therapies would be thrusting the cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market growth. Browse Global Strategic Business Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/cytomegalo… CMV infection treatment and diagnosis market: Regional overview Early diagnosis practices would drive the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market in developed regions such as North America and Europe, where accessibility to advanced diagnostic and treatment facilities is high compared to the emerging economies. For market players in the diagnosis and treatment of CMV infection, ensuring accessibility and healthcare investment in emerging nations would be critical to generate better return on investments. Some of the major players in the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market are Merck & Co. Inc., Cell Medical Ltd., Chimerix, Inc., Affymetrix, Inc., Abbott Laboratories, Inc., Becton, Dickinson and Company, Johnson & Johnson, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., and F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com Visit Coherent Market Insights Blog @ blog.coherentmarketinsights.com/ Connect with us on LinkedIn @ www.linkedin.com/company/coherent-market-insights This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious REGENERATIVE MEDICINE MARKET – GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Next PostNext LARGE VOLUME WEARABLE INJECTORS MARKET — GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News CYTOMEGALOVIRUS (CMV) INFECTION TREATMENT AND DIAGNOSIS MARKET – GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Cytomegalovirus (CMV) is a virus that belongs to herpesvirus family that remain dormant in the human body. CMV infection can occur in people of all ages worldwide. CMV is a communicable disease that spreads through body fluids such as saliva, blood, urine, semen, and breast milk. Presence of CMV infection can be detected by various testing methods based on which the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market can be analyzed: Serologic test Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test Download Exclusive PDF Brochure of This Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/167 CMV diagnosis is very critical in pregnant women and immunocompromised individuals. Enzyme-linked immunoassay test is the most widely used serologic testing for CMV infection in laboratories. Besides, PCR technique is also widely implemented for samples of saliva, and urine. Awareness about the infection is essential as most of the cases go undiagnosed at early stages as the disease is asymptomatic. Cytomegalovirus infection market: Treatment approach People diagnosed with high risk of CMV infection may be given anti-viral medications to prevent the disease to get in to active stage. There is no cure available for treating the CMV infection. Ganciclovir, Val ganciclovir, Cidofovir, Valacyclovir and Foscarnet are few major anti-viral medications prescribed. In some cases, CMV immune globulin contains antibodies (proteins) may be prescribed to prevent CMV infection. There are certain products in pipeline which includes Cytovir CMV, Letermovir, CytoTect CP 70, Brincidofovir and ASP0113, commercialization of which is expected to fuel the global CMV infection treatment and diagnosis market growth in the near future. Get Exclusive Discount on this CMI Report: www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-discount/167 Vital statistics for the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market Besides, diagnosis of new CMV cases would be a propelling factor for global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market. The Public Health Agency of Canada estimates that 40%-100% of the global population have CMV antibody present in their body. Immunocompromised patients (HIV, organ transplant), premature infants, newborns and with congenital CMV are at high risk of developing serious illness with CMV infection. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), one in every 150 infants are born with congenital cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in the U.S. However, only one in five infants infected with CMV have long term health problems. Prevailing infection rates and demand for effective treatment therapies would be thrusting the cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market growth. Browse Global Strategic Business Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/cytomegalo… CMV infection treatment and diagnosis market: Regional overview Early diagnosis practices would drive the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market in developed regions such as North America and Europe, where accessibility to advanced diagnostic and treatment facilities is high compared to the emerging economies. For market players in the diagnosis and treatment of CMV infection, ensuring accessibility and healthcare investment in emerging nations would be critical to generate better return on investments. Some of the major players in the global cytomegalovirus infection treatment and diagnosis market are Merck & Co. Inc., Cell Medical Ltd., Chimerix, Inc., Affymetrix, Inc., Abbott Laboratories, Inc., Becton, Dickinson and Company, Johnson & Johnson, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., and F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com Visit Coherent Market Insights Blog @ blog.coherentmarketinsights.com/ Connect with us on LinkedIn @ www.linkedin.com/company/coherent-market-insights This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious REGENERATIVE MEDICINE MARKET – GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Next PostNext LARGE VOLUME WEARABLE INJECTORS MARKET — GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Search Recent Posts Dazzling Start to Decade Celebrations of BK Birla Institute Pilani BASANT Rituraj of College Fests in Rajasthan Increasing Demand of Sports & Fitness Nutrition Products Propelling the Industry Vinyl Acetate Market Global 2017-2022 :OrbisResearch Water Treatment Chemicals Market Canada Segmented by Product and Application 2022 Rich Pharmaceuticals Welcomes New Board Member Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News CANCER BIOMARKERS MARKET – GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Cancer is the second-leading cause of death worldwide (World Health Organization). There were around 14 million new cases of cancer reported across the globe in 2012 and the incidence rate is expected to increase by around 70% by 2030 (WHO). The most common cancer types are lung cancer, liver cancer, colorectal cancer, stomach cancer, and breast cancer. Download Exclusive PDF Brochure of This Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/175 Cancer therapies are expensive and the cost rises with increase in complexity or stage of the caner condition. Therefore, understanding cancer biomarkers is the key to developing the right treatment plan for a cancer patient. Biomarkers indicates one’s health condition and the underlying disease condition. Various types of biomolecules such as DNA, proteins, and hormones are widely used to detect the malady. These biomarkers can be found in blood, urine, stool, tumor tissue, or other body fluids. Different cancer biomarkers react differently to various cancer treatments. There are increasing efforts to diagnose cancer at an early stage, which would drive the global cancer biomarkers market growth. However, poor reimbursement policies is negatively impacting market growth. Cancer Biomarkers Market Taxonomy The global cancer biomarkers market can be segmented on the basis of biomarker type, cancer type, application, and biomarker profiling technologies. On the basis of biomarker type, the market is segmented into protein biomarker, genetic biomarker and cellular biomarkers, and others. Get Exclusive Discount on this CMI Report: www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-discount/175 On the basis of cancer type, the global caner biomarkers market is segmented into lung cancer, breast cancer, prostate cancer, cervical cancer, colorectal cancer and others. Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) is the biomarker highly targeted for breast cancer treatment. Other types of cancer biomarkers include ERCC1, BRCA1, BRCA2 and SPARC. On the basis of profiling technology, the market is segmented into omics technologies, imaging technologies, immunoassays, cytogenetic based tests, and bioinformatics. Omics technologies is widely used profiling technology in the global market. Growing demand for personalized treatment therapies, use of proteomics in cancer biomarker detection, growing demand for accurate & effective diagnostic procedures are amongst the major factors driving its market growth. Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA) is the most widely used immunoassays profiling technology in the global cancer biomarkers industry. On the basis of application, the market is classified as drug discovery and development, diagnostics, prognostics, risk assessment and others. Cancer biomarkers are finding increasing applications in drug discovery with growing research activities on targeted cancer therapies. Browse Global Strategic Business Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/cancer-bio… Cancer Biomarkers Market: Regional Overview North America and Europe dominate the global cancer biomarkers market on account of high cancer diagnostic and detection procedures, high investment in research and development by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and better healthcare infrastructure supporting the R&D activities using biomarkers. Markets in emerging economies such as the Asia Pacific and Latin America are poised to grow at a considerable higher growth rate owing to increasing funding for cancer biomarker research, growing prevalence of cancer, increasing number of clinical trials and growing demand for targeted and personalized drug therapies. The WHO estimates that in 2015 only 35% of the low-income countries reported to have pathology services available in the public sector. The rate is extremely less compared the high-income countries, which reported 90% availability of pathology services. These factors highly govern the growth of cancer biomarkers market, as accessibility would enable uptake of this technology by the users. Some of the key players in the global cancer biomarkers market include Abbott Laboratories, Merck & Co. Inc., Affymetrix Inc., Agilent Technologies, Illumina, Inc., Roche Diagnostics Ltd, Becton Dickinson and Company, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Qiagen NV, and Hologic Inc. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com Visit Coherent Market Insights Blog @ blog.coherentmarketinsights.com/ Connect with us on LinkedIn @ www.linkedin.com/company/coherent-market-insights This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LARGE VOLUME WEARABLE INJECTORS MARKET — GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Next PostNext IMMUNE CHECK ACTIVATORS MARKET — GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News CANCER BIOMARKERS MARKET – GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Cancer is the second-leading cause of death worldwide (World Health Organization). There were around 14 million new cases of cancer reported across the globe in 2012 and the incidence rate is expected to increase by around 70% by 2030 (WHO). The most common cancer types are lung cancer, liver cancer, colorectal cancer, stomach cancer, and breast cancer. Download Exclusive PDF Brochure of This Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/175 Cancer therapies are expensive and the cost rises with increase in complexity or stage of the caner condition. Therefore, understanding cancer biomarkers is the key to developing the right treatment plan for a cancer patient. Biomarkers indicates one’s health condition and the underlying disease condition. Various types of biomolecules such as DNA, proteins, and hormones are widely used to detect the malady. These biomarkers can be found in blood, urine, stool, tumor tissue, or other body fluids. Different cancer biomarkers react differently to various cancer treatments. There are increasing efforts to diagnose cancer at an early stage, which would drive the global cancer biomarkers market growth. However, poor reimbursement policies is negatively impacting market growth. Cancer Biomarkers Market Taxonomy The global cancer biomarkers market can be segmented on the basis of biomarker type, cancer type, application, and biomarker profiling technologies. On the basis of biomarker type, the market is segmented into protein biomarker, genetic biomarker and cellular biomarkers, and others. Get Exclusive Discount on this CMI Report: www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-discount/175 On the basis of cancer type, the global caner biomarkers market is segmented into lung cancer, breast cancer, prostate cancer, cervical cancer, colorectal cancer and others. Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) is the biomarker highly targeted for breast cancer treatment. Other types of cancer biomarkers include ERCC1, BRCA1, BRCA2 and SPARC. On the basis of profiling technology, the market is segmented into omics technologies, imaging technologies, immunoassays, cytogenetic based tests, and bioinformatics. Omics technologies is widely used profiling technology in the global market. Growing demand for personalized treatment therapies, use of proteomics in cancer biomarker detection, growing demand for accurate & effective diagnostic procedures are amongst the major factors driving its market growth. Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA) is the most widely used immunoassays profiling technology in the global cancer biomarkers industry. On the basis of application, the market is classified as drug discovery and development, diagnostics, prognostics, risk assessment and others. Cancer biomarkers are finding increasing applications in drug discovery with growing research activities on targeted cancer therapies. Browse Global Strategic Business Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/cancer-bio… Cancer Biomarkers Market: Regional Overview North America and Europe dominate the global cancer biomarkers market on account of high cancer diagnostic and detection procedures, high investment in research and development by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and better healthcare infrastructure supporting the R&D activities using biomarkers. Markets in emerging economies such as the Asia Pacific and Latin America are poised to grow at a considerable higher growth rate owing to increasing funding for cancer biomarker research, growing prevalence of cancer, increasing number of clinical trials and growing demand for targeted and personalized drug therapies. The WHO estimates that in 2015 only 35% of the low-income countries reported to have pathology services available in the public sector. The rate is extremely less compared the high-income countries, which reported 90% availability of pathology services. These factors highly govern the growth of cancer biomarkers market, as accessibility would enable uptake of this technology by the users. Some of the key players in the global cancer biomarkers market include Abbott Laboratories, Merck & Co. Inc., Affymetrix Inc., Agilent Technologies, Illumina, Inc., Roche Diagnostics Ltd, Becton Dickinson and Company, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Qiagen NV, and Hologic Inc. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com Visit Coherent Market Insights Blog @ blog.coherentmarketinsights.com/ Connect with us on LinkedIn @ www.linkedin.com/company/coherent-market-insights This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LARGE VOLUME WEARABLE INJECTORS MARKET — GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Next PostNext IMMUNE CHECK ACTIVATORS MARKET — GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News CANCER BIOMARKERS MARKET – GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Cancer is the second-leading cause of death worldwide (World Health Organization). There were around 14 million new cases of cancer reported across the globe in 2012 and the incidence rate is expected to increase by around 70% by 2030 (WHO). The most common cancer types are lung cancer, liver cancer, colorectal cancer, stomach cancer, and breast cancer. Download Exclusive PDF Brochure of This Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/175 Cancer therapies are expensive and the cost rises with increase in complexity or stage of the caner condition. Therefore, understanding cancer biomarkers is the key to developing the right treatment plan for a cancer patient. Biomarkers indicates one’s health condition and the underlying disease condition. Various types of biomolecules such as DNA, proteins, and hormones are widely used to detect the malady. These biomarkers can be found in blood, urine, stool, tumor tissue, or other body fluids. Different cancer biomarkers react differently to various cancer treatments. There are increasing efforts to diagnose cancer at an early stage, which would drive the global cancer biomarkers market growth. However, poor reimbursement policies is negatively impacting market growth. Cancer Biomarkers Market Taxonomy The global cancer biomarkers market can be segmented on the basis of biomarker type, cancer type, application, and biomarker profiling technologies. On the basis of biomarker type, the market is segmented into protein biomarker, genetic biomarker and cellular biomarkers, and others. Get Exclusive Discount on this CMI Report: www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-discount/175 On the basis of cancer type, the global caner biomarkers market is segmented into lung cancer, breast cancer, prostate cancer, cervical cancer, colorectal cancer and others. Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) is the biomarker highly targeted for breast cancer treatment. Other types of cancer biomarkers include ERCC1, BRCA1, BRCA2 and SPARC. On the basis of profiling technology, the market is segmented into omics technologies, imaging technologies, immunoassays, cytogenetic based tests, and bioinformatics. Omics technologies is widely used profiling technology in the global market. Growing demand for personalized treatment therapies, use of proteomics in cancer biomarker detection, growing demand for accurate & effective diagnostic procedures are amongst the major factors driving its market growth. Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA) is the most widely used immunoassays profiling technology in the global cancer biomarkers industry. On the basis of application, the market is classified as drug discovery and development, diagnostics, prognostics, risk assessment and others. Cancer biomarkers are finding increasing applications in drug discovery with growing research activities on targeted cancer therapies. Browse Global Strategic Business Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/cancer-bio… Cancer Biomarkers Market: Regional Overview North America and Europe dominate the global cancer biomarkers market on account of high cancer diagnostic and detection procedures, high investment in research and development by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and better healthcare infrastructure supporting the R&D activities using biomarkers. Markets in emerging economies such as the Asia Pacific and Latin America are poised to grow at a considerable higher growth rate owing to increasing funding for cancer biomarker research, growing prevalence of cancer, increasing number of clinical trials and growing demand for targeted and personalized drug therapies. The WHO estimates that in 2015 only 35% of the low-income countries reported to have pathology services available in the public sector. The rate is extremely less compared the high-income countries, which reported 90% availability of pathology services. These factors highly govern the growth of cancer biomarkers market, as accessibility would enable uptake of this technology by the users. Some of the key players in the global cancer biomarkers market include Abbott Laboratories, Merck & Co. Inc., Affymetrix Inc., Agilent Technologies, Illumina, Inc., Roche Diagnostics Ltd, Becton Dickinson and Company, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Qiagen NV, and Hologic Inc. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com Visit Coherent Market Insights Blog @ blog.coherentmarketinsights.com/ Connect with us on LinkedIn @ www.linkedin.com/company/coherent-market-insights This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LARGE VOLUME WEARABLE INJECTORS MARKET — GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Next PostNext IMMUNE CHECK ACTIVATORS MARKET — GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News CANCER BIOMARKERS MARKET – GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Cancer is the second-leading cause of death worldwide (World Health Organization). There were around 14 million new cases of cancer reported across the globe in 2012 and the incidence rate is expected to increase by around 70% by 2030 (WHO). The most common cancer types are lung cancer, liver cancer, colorectal cancer, stomach cancer, and breast cancer. Download Exclusive PDF Brochure of This Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/175 Cancer therapies are expensive and the cost rises with increase in complexity or stage of the caner condition. Therefore, understanding cancer biomarkers is the key to developing the right treatment plan for a cancer patient. Biomarkers indicates one’s health condition and the underlying disease condition. Various types of biomolecules such as DNA, proteins, and hormones are widely used to detect the malady. These biomarkers can be found in blood, urine, stool, tumor tissue, or other body fluids. Different cancer biomarkers react differently to various cancer treatments. There are increasing efforts to diagnose cancer at an early stage, which would drive the global cancer biomarkers market growth. However, poor reimbursement policies is negatively impacting market growth. Cancer Biomarkers Market Taxonomy The global cancer biomarkers market can be segmented on the basis of biomarker type, cancer type, application, and biomarker profiling technologies. On the basis of biomarker type, the market is segmented into protein biomarker, genetic biomarker and cellular biomarkers, and others. Get Exclusive Discount on this CMI Report: www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-discount/175 On the basis of cancer type, the global caner biomarkers market is segmented into lung cancer, breast cancer, prostate cancer, cervical cancer, colorectal cancer and others. Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) is the biomarker highly targeted for breast cancer treatment. Other types of cancer biomarkers include ERCC1, BRCA1, BRCA2 and SPARC. On the basis of profiling technology, the market is segmented into omics technologies, imaging technologies, immunoassays, cytogenetic based tests, and bioinformatics. Omics technologies is widely used profiling technology in the global market. Growing demand for personalized treatment therapies, use of proteomics in cancer biomarker detection, growing demand for accurate & effective diagnostic procedures are amongst the major factors driving its market growth. Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA) is the most widely used immunoassays profiling technology in the global cancer biomarkers industry. On the basis of application, the market is classified as drug discovery and development, diagnostics, prognostics, risk assessment and others. Cancer biomarkers are finding increasing applications in drug discovery with growing research activities on targeted cancer therapies. Browse Global Strategic Business Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/cancer-bio… Cancer Biomarkers Market: Regional Overview North America and Europe dominate the global cancer biomarkers market on account of high cancer diagnostic and detection procedures, high investment in research and development by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and better healthcare infrastructure supporting the R&D activities using biomarkers. Markets in emerging economies such as the Asia Pacific and Latin America are poised to grow at a considerable higher growth rate owing to increasing funding for cancer biomarker research, growing prevalence of cancer, increasing number of clinical trials and growing demand for targeted and personalized drug therapies. The WHO estimates that in 2015 only 35% of the low-income countries reported to have pathology services available in the public sector. The rate is extremely less compared the high-income countries, which reported 90% availability of pathology services. These factors highly govern the growth of cancer biomarkers market, as accessibility would enable uptake of this technology by the users. Some of the key players in the global cancer biomarkers market include Abbott Laboratories, Merck & Co. Inc., Affymetrix Inc., Agilent Technologies, Illumina, Inc., Roche Diagnostics Ltd, Becton Dickinson and Company, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Qiagen NV, and Hologic Inc. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com Visit Coherent Market Insights Blog @ blog.coherentmarketinsights.com/ Connect with us on LinkedIn @ www.linkedin.com/company/coherent-market-insights This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LARGE VOLUME WEARABLE INJECTORS MARKET — GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Next PostNext IMMUNE CHECK ACTIVATORS MARKET — GLOBAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS, TRENDS, OUTLOOK, AND OPPORTUNITY ANALYSIS, 2016–2024 Search Recent Posts Image Recognition Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Global Ozone Therapy Units Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Global Thermal Spray Market Is Estimated To Grow At a CAGR 7.79% Dazzling Start to Decade Celebrations of BK Birla Institute Pilani BASANT Rituraj of College Fests in Rajasthan Increasing Demand of Sports & Fitness Nutrition Products Propelling the Industry Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Prostate-specific Antigen Testing Market: Increasing Accuracy and Specificity of Diagnostic Tools and Markers is a Key Factor Boosting the Uptake of the PSA Testing Prostate-specific antigen (PSA) is a type of protein produced by cells of the prostate gland. This protein is usually found in semen, but small quantities of PSA can be detected in the blood of healthy men. High level of the protein is likely to indicate the presence of prostate cancer. Along with the prostate cancer, a number of noncancerous or benign conditions can lead to a rise in the PSA level of a man. Prostatitis is an inflammation of the prostate gland while benign prostatic hyperplasia is an enlargement of the prostate gland. These two conditions are the most common benign prostate conditions which lead to elevation in the levels of PSA. There is no evidence as such that benign prostatic hyperplasia or prostatitis causes prostate cancer, but it is possible for a man to have either of these conditions and develop prostate cancer. Browse Market Research Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/prostate-specific-anti… Men who show symptoms linked to prostate cancer can have a PSA test in addition to digital rectal exam (DRE). Symptoms associated with prostate cancer include painful or burning urination, pain during ejaculation, swelling in pelvic area or legs, and loss of bladder control. The PSA level in most men is under 4 ng/mL. This value has been traditionally used as a benchmark for the risk of prostate cancer. Men with normal prostate glands and PSA levels less than 4 ng/ml have about 15% chance of having prostate cancer. The PSA levels are higher in men with prostate cancer which is more than the benchmark value. Hence, it is observed that a man with a high PSA level is more likely to get prostate cancer in comparison with a man with low level; although, there is no such normal and abnormal ranges of PSA in the blood. Major contributors to the growth of the global prostate-specific antigen (PSA) testing market are increase in adoption of serum-based marker testing for the diagnosis of prostate cancer along with its evaluation with other developing cancer-specific markers, which enhances the overall sensitivity of the test. However, risk of overtreatment and overdiagnosis due to PSA screening can hinder the growth of this market. The global PSA testing market is segmented based on type, end-user, and geography. The market based on test type is classified into total prostate-specific antigen (PSA) test, free prostate-specific antigen test, and complex prostate-specific antigen test. In terms of end-user, the market is divided into hospitals, diagnostic centers, and clinics. For more information on this report, fill the form @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… In terms of geography, the global market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. Among the regions, North America is expected to dominate the market and is likely to be closely followed by Europe as prostate cancer is the most common form of cancer found in men in these regions. According to an American Cancer Society report in 2016, the estimates for new cases and deaths related to prostate cancer in the U.S. were about 161,360 and 26,730, respectively. Prostate cancer is one of the three leading causes of cancer deaths in American men, trailing behind lung and colorectal cancer. As per the report, it is estimated that 1 out of 39 men is likely to die of prostate cancer in lifetime. The Asia Pacific market is expected a fast growth due to increasing prevalence of prostate-related disorders. Other regions such as Middle East & Africa and Latin America are estimated a steady growth of the market due to rise in awareness levels about prostate cancer. The prominent players operating in the PSA testing market are Abbott Laboratories, Inc., Beckman Coulter, Inc., Bayer AG, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Boston Scientific Corporation, Endocare, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, GE Healthcare, Merck & Company, Inc., Medtronic, Inc., Sanofi-Aventis SA, and Urologix, Inc. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Tumor Ablation Market is Expected to Reach US$1.9 bn by 2024 Next PostNext Intravenous Immunoglobulin (IVIG) Market: Rising Production of IVIG Products are Expected to have a Significant Positive Impact on Market’s Future Growth Prospects Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Kaposi Sarcoma Market: Chemotherapy Continues to Remain Most Preferred Course of Treatment despite High Cost Kaposi sarcoma (KS) refers to a type of cancer that develops from the cells lining blood vessels or lymph nodes. The cancer usually appears as tumors on mucosal surfaces or on the skin, but can also develop in body parts such as the digestive tract, or the lungs. The abnormal KS cells cause brown, purple, or red blotches on the skin, called lesions. The global Kaposi sarcoma market features a rising number of regional vendors commanding prominent shares in their respective regional territories. Owing to the looming patent expiries of several blockbuster drugs, the market is expected to witness the entry of several new companies producing generics. The situation also presents immense growth opportunities for leading companies with new drug formulations in the next few years. Browse Market Research Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/kaposis-sarcoma-market… Transparency Market Research states that the global Kaposi sarcoma market will exhibit a modest 2.2% CAGR over the period between 2016 and 2024, rising from a valuation of US$118.5 mn in 2015 to US$143.2 mn by 2024. Chemotherapy Continues to Remain Most Preferred Course of Treatment despite High Cost The key treatment methods for Kaposi sarcoma include immunotherapy, chemotherapy, and antiretroviral therapy. Of these, the segment of antiretroviral therapy emerged at the leading segment owing to the high incidence rate of AIDS-related Kaposi sarcoma. The segment will continue to grow at an encouraging pace in the next few years as well. Over the report’s forecast period, however, the segment of chemotherapy is expected to exhibit growth at the most promising pace, chiefly owing to the high treatment cost and the high preference given to the treatment method by immunocompetent patients. Some of the most popular chemotherapy drugs in the market are vincristine, docetaxel, paclitaxel, bleomicin, daunorubicin, and liposomal doxorubicin. Although the high preference to this treatment method, its high cost could emerge as a key deterrent to patient population across some regions, especially across developing and less developed economies across Asia Pacific and Africa, limiting its growth prospects. Fill the form to gain deeper insights on this market @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… North America to Retain Dominance in Global Market despite a Low Rate of Prevalence of Kaposi Sarcoma From a geographical standpoint, North America is presently the leading contributor of revenue to the global Kaposi sarcoma market. The region holds a leading position in the global market owing to the presence of some of the world’s leading vendors in the field and the rising costs of drugs. The North America market for Kaposi sarcoma also benefits from the high rate of diagnosis of the condition and the easy availability of drugs. The region features a low incidence rate of the disease but has been witnessing a shortage in supply of drugs required for its treatment, leading to a wide demand-supply gap and subsequently significant scope of growth. Over the report’s forecast period, the market is expected to witness the most promising rate of growth in the Middle East and Africa region. The region is expected to lead to the heightened demand for Kaposi sarcoma drugs owing to the high rate of incidence of the disease. The high rate of prevalence of HIV/AIDS is and thus the increased prevalence of AIDS induced Kaposi sarcoma in Eastern Africa is also a key driving factor, along with the fact that awareness among people is low. Some of the leading players operating in the immensely consolidated vendor landscape of the global Kaposi sarcoma market are Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Bristol Myers Squibb, Hoffman-La Roche, Inc., Pfizer, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, and Eli Lilly and Co. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Intravenous Immunoglobulin (IVIG) Market: Rising Production of IVIG Products are Expected to have a Significant Positive Impact on Market’s Future Growth Prospects Next PostNext Increase in the Geriatric Population and Rise in the Incidence of Fall Injuries Drives the Global Surgical Procedures Volume Market Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Asthma and COPD Drugs Market: High Costs of Asthma and COPD Drugs and Consumer Awareness make U.S. the Clear Leader Asthma is a disease characterized by recurrent attacks of coughing, chest-tightening, breathlessness, and wheezing as the airways narrow and swell that vary in severity and frequency. COPD is a disease of the lungs characterized by obstruction to airflow that interferes with normal breathing. According to the WHO, COPD accounted for over 3 million deaths in 2012, which is equal to 6% of all deaths globally in that year. Moreover, the WHO predicts that COPD will become the third most common cause of death globally by 2030. However, these statistics have already materialized in the U.S. and China, where COPD is currently said to be the third leading cause of mortality. Browse Market Research Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-china-asthma-copd-d… According to the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America, asthma is the leading chronic disease in children in the U.S. It is also the most common reason for missed school days. Moreover, an estimated 10 people in the U.S. die from asthma each day, while 3,630 die each year. In China, the figures are worse. A large population of COPD patients goes underdiagnosed or misdiagnosed in China every year. A large proportion of these deaths are avoidable with proper treatment and care. Thus, the existence of an unmet medical need is clearly evident and is anticipated to augment the asthma and COPD drugs market. This report on the asthma and COPD drugs market in the U.S. and China analyzes the current and future prospects of the market. The report comprises an elaborate executive summary, including a market snapshot that provides overall information of various segments and sub-segments. The research is a combination of primary and secondary research. Detailed qualitative analysis of factors responsible for driving and restraining market growth and opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. Market revenue in terms of US$ Mn for the period between 2014 and 2024 along with the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) from 2016 to 2024 are provided for all the segments, considering 2015 as the base year. Market related factors such as technological developments, patent expiry, recent drug approvals, investment in clinical studies and acquisitions by leading players in the market, and historical year-on-year growth have been taken into consideration while estimating the market size. Growth rates for each segment within the U.S. and China asthma and COPD drugs market have been determined after a thorough analysis of past trends, demographics, future trends, technological developments, drug development life cycle, and regulatory requirements. These factors would help the market players to take strategic decisions in order to strengthen their positions and expand their share in the asthma and COPD drugs market in the U.S and China. Based on drug class, the asthma and COPD drugs market in the U.S and China has been segmented into bronchodilators, anti-inflammatory drugs, monoclonal antibodies, and combination drugs. The bronchodilator class has been further segmented into short acting beta-2 agonists, long acting beta-2 agonists, and anti-cholinergic agents. The anti-inflammatory drug class has been further segmented into oral and inhaled corticosteroids, anti-leukotrienes, phosphodiesterase type 4 inhibitors, and others. The others segment includes mast cell stabilizers and other anti-inflammatory agents used in asthma and COPD control. Based on indication, the asthma and COPD drugs market in the U.S. and China has been segmented into asthma and COPD. According to the CDC, one in 12 people in the U.S. has asthma, and the number is rising each year. Pollution in China is among the worst in the world. This is likely to worsen asthma and COPD symptoms, consequently driving the asthma and COPD market in China during the forecast period. For more information on this report, fill the form @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Geographically, the asthma and COPD market has been segmented into two countries: the U.S. and China. These countries have been further segmented by indication and drug class. The competition matrix section included in the report is likely to assist the existing players to increase their market shares and new companies to establish their presence in the asthma and COPD drugs market in the U.S. and China. The report also profiles major players in the market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, SWOT analysis, key business strategies, product portfolio, and recent developments. Key companies profiled in the report include GlaxoSmithKline plc, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, AstraZeneca plc, Novartis AG, Boehringer Ingelheim, and Merck and Co., Inc. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Pharmacy Repackaging Systems Market is Projected to Witness Significant Growth in the Coming Years Next PostNext Contact Lens Market Rising Prevalence of Ophthalmic Disorders and Rising Popularity as Fashion Accessory Boost Global Sales of Contact Lenses Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
