  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Reuters Health News Summary By Reuters Published: 16:59 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 16:59 EST, 10 October 2016 e-mail Following is a summary of current health news briefs. Physical strain, emotional upset can trigger heart attack Intense physical exertion or extreme emotional upset can each trigger a heart attack, and the risk may be highest if the two are combined, according to a new study. "Our study is the largest study exploring this issue, and unlike previous studies we included people from many different countries and ethnicities," said lead author Andrew Smyth of the Population Health Research Institute at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Exelixis and Pfizer drugs compete in kidney cancer trial Exelixis's drug Cabometyx outperformed Pfizer's Sutent in a clinical study for the treatment of metastatic kidney cancer, suggesting it has the potential to become a first-line treatment, researchers said on Monday. The drug is currently approved only in patients who have already received prior therapy, while Sutent is cleared for initial use. However, hopes have been building for the Exelixis product in recent months, buoying the firm's shares. Doctors grapple with best use of potent new cancer drugs Evelyn O'Flynn still has lung cancer. But after going straight on to a new immune system-boosting drug more than a year ago, rather than traditional hard-to-tolerate chemotherapy, she is feeling great. "It's like a miracle," said the 72-year-old ex-smoker, who is about to become a great-grandmother. As a patient being treated with Merck & Co's immunotherapy drug Keytruda, O'Flynn is one of the lucky ones. Niger Rift Valley Fever outbreak could spread across borders: health experts An outbreak of Rift Valley fever that has killed at least 28 people in western Niger in recent months could spread to neighboring Mali and Algeria, health officials warned on Monday. The highly contagious disease, which is transmitted to humans by mosquitoes or close contact with contaminated animals, has infected 90 people in Niger's western region of Tahoua since early August, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). Britain's young royals mark World Mental Health day at London Eye Britain's Prince William, his wife Kate and brother Harry took a ride on the giant London Eye ferris wheel on Monday as they helped mark World Mental Health Day. The young royals rode in a capsule with guests who previously experienced mental health problems. The three royals front the Heads Together campaign, launched this year to help improve the help available for sufferers. Antibiotic history of a hospital bed may increase a patient's risk of infection If the previous occupant of a hospital bed received antibiotics, the next patient who uses that bed may be at higher risk for a severe form of infectious diarrhea, according to a new study. Clostridium difficile (C. diff) diarrhea causes 27,000 deaths each year in the U.S. Hospital patients taking antibiotics are particularly at risk for it, say the authors of the study. Antibiotics disturb the normal healthy bacteria of the gut so a C. diff infection can take hold. 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumors had been tested using a biomarker. Ventilator use surges for nursing home residents with dementia The number of nursing home residents with advanced dementia who get hooked up to breathing machines has roughly doubled in recent years even though this doesn't appear to help them live longer, a U.S. study suggests. In 2013, among every 1,000 nursing home residents with dementia who needed to be hospitalized for some reason, 78 were hooked up to mechanical ventilators, compared to just 39 out of 1,000 in 2000, the study found. Bristol lung-cancer setback puts rival Merck drug in driver seat New data is likely to prompt doctors to abandon Bristol-Myers Squibb's immunotherapy Opdivo in favor of Merck & Co's rival Keytruda in a large segment of the lucrative lung cancer market, analysts said on Monday. The results of a closely watched clinical trial sent Bristol's shares plunging 10 percent. The data, presented at a medical meeting on Sunday, showed that lung cancer patients fared worse on Opdivo than those on chemotherapy. Merck shares rose nearly 2 percent on strong benefits shown by Keytruda in a similar late-stage lung cancer study. Both trials tested the drugs that help the immune system to recognize and fight cancer as an initial treatment for advanced lung cancer. They are already approved for patients whose disease had progressed following chemotherapy, but approval as a so called first-line therapy could greatly increase the number of patients taking them. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 9:50 P.M. ET Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 8:44 P.M. ET Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie 8:29 P.M. ET Trump-branded properties are poised for a rebound 8:16 P.M. ET ISIS urges truck attacks, says Thanksgiving Day Parade an ‘excellent target’ 7:49 P.M. ET May to say U.K. will pursue free trade while protecting workers at home 7:40 P.M. ET Japan's economy surged forward in Q3 7:36 P.M. ET Look up tonight to see the biggest supermoon in 68 years 6:53 P.M. ET EU vows to work with Trump administration while standing firm on key issues 6:41 P.M. ET Facebook stops allowing ads to target specific ethnic groups 6:32 P.M. ET Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 6:28 P.M. ET Updated Pro-Russian presidential candidates win in Bulgaria, Moldova 5:55 P.M. ET Experts forecast rising GDP, inflation and risks 5:52 P.M. ET VW, Audi confirm probe into Audi emissions 5:09 P.M. ET Blockbuster deals would make AMC No. 1 theater chain in world 5:00 P.M. ET Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 4:54 P.M. ET Paul Ryan likely to remain House Speaker 4:41 P.M. ET Updated Trump names RNC head Reince Priebus as chief of staff 4:31 P.M. ET Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 2:15 P.M. ET My mother-in-law is being bled dry by her incarcerated brother 1:15 P.M. ET The Secret to Successful Mole Catching Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Pharmaceuticals How a Merck cancer breakthrough caused Bristol-Myers’ stock to plunge By Emma Court Published: Oct 11, 2016 7:03 a.m. ET Share Merck’s positive Keytruda trial results made Bristol’s Opdivo look even worse Getty Images A Merck sign stands in front of the company's building in Oct. 2013 in New Jersey. By EmmaCourt Reporter Rival drugmakers Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and Merck & Co., which are both developing a treatment for the same type of lung cancer, have been playing a game of stock market seesaw. Never was that more true than Monday, when Merck’s MRK, -1.55%  positive clinical trial data lifted it a mere 1.6%, while Bristol’s BMY, -0.51%  bad news — made worse in contrast with Merck’s — sent it shuddering down 10.6%. Merck announced two positive clinical trial results on Sunday, both for its Keytruda treatment on metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, and published the results in respected journals on Monday. “Our new data suggests that Keytruda treatment can offer meaningful improvement over chemotherapy in a broad array of patients,” said Merck president Dr. Roger Perlmutter. “In this sense, these studies may represent a turning point in worldwide efforts to control lung cancer.” By contrast, Bristol announced that its Opdivo treatment showed “ongoing responses” in two late-stage studies for advanced non-small cell lung cancer, less-than-impressive results following a high-profile trial failure in early August. Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez said Keytruda’s results support Perlmutter’s assertion of a “sea change” in this area of cancer treatment. “The nearly inexplicable failure of [Bristol’s] (OP) CM-026 at every level of PDL1 expression... puts MRK in the driver’s seat in 1L lung cancer for at least the next 12-18 months,” he said, adding that, “we fully expect [Merck] to retain a significant place at the table long term.” Though some support for an Opdivo comeback remained after the drug’s summer trial failure, analysts had harsher words this go-around. See: Why Bristol-Myers lung-cancer drug could still succeed despite stunning trial failure The weekend Opdivo results were “even worse than expected,” said EvercoreISI’s Paul Sperber. Though more than half of investors expected a comparison between the two drugs to “come in somewhat even... Instead, we saw virtually no benefit for BMY’s” Opdivo, Sperber said. But J.P. Morgan’s Chris Schott made a case for a Bristol recovery, saying that while the latest results were “wholly disappointing, we see sentiment bottoming as we move past ESMO and continue to see an attractive long-term thesis” based on the study of Opdivo in combination with cancer drug Yervoy, which he said was Bristol’s “path forward in the lung.” Read: Failed trial of lung-cancer drug sends Bristol-Myers stock plunging and Merck’s shares up Though Schott was bullish on Merck’s Keytruda, predicting a very rapid uptake and rollout of the drug, he remained “optimistic” on the Opdivo/Yervoy combination being an “extremely competitive combo frontline” for non-small cell lung cancer. The FDA plans to consider Keytruda for approval, with a decision expected by Dec. 24, Merck said. While Bristol has said it wants to file early for approval for Opdivo/Yervoy, it “provided little in the way of detail regarding timelines and the rationale for such a filing,” said Schott. “We expect the Street to remain skeptical of a potential early Opdivo/Yervoy” absent additional data. Merck shares have risen 7.5% over the past three months, compared with a 1.6% increase in the S&P 500 SPX, -0.14% Bristol-Myers shares have dropped 34.1% over the past three months. A photo originally accompanying this story incorrectly pictured Merck KGaA, rather than Merck & Co. More from MarketWatch Here’s how much Apple may profit from Samsung’s exploding phone disaster The worst thing at the debate wasn’t anything Donald Trump said or did The best time of year to buy a home MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.95 -1.01 (-1.55%) Volume 13.9M Open $64.08 High $64.51 Low $63.58 P/E Ratio 32.63 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 176.3B Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. U.S.: NYSE: BMY $56.37 -0.29 (-0.51%) Volume 12.4M Open $56.31 High $56.73 Low $55.88 P/E Ratio 27.63 Div Yield 2.7 Market Cap 94.2B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,164.45 -3.03 (-0.14%) Volume 734.6M Open 2,163 High 2,166 Low 2,152 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Collapse Expand Sections Home | Health COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Opinion Cities World OffBeat Photos Schedule Trends People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts Doctors Grapple With Best Use Of Potent New Cancer Drugs Health | Reuters | Updated: October 11, 2016 01:19 IST EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS A scientist prepares protein samples for analysis in a lab at Institute of Cancer Research in Sutton. COPENHAGEN:  Evelyn O'Flynn still has lung cancer. But after going straight on to a new immune system-boosting drug more than a year ago, rather than traditional hard-to-tolerate chemotherapy, she is feeling great. "It's like a miracle," said the 72-year-old ex-smoker, who is about to become a great-grandmother. As a patient being treated with Merck & Co's immunotherapy drug Keytruda, O'Flynn is one of the lucky ones. Data presented at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress suggest her early treatment with immunotherapy, as part of a clinical trial in Britain, will become standard for a growing number of patients. But there is a catch: it doesn't work for all. Giving immunotherapy on its own only seems to work better than chemotherapy in previously untreated lung cancer patients who have high levels of a protein called PD-L1, which makes them more receptive to immunotherapy. From now on, oncologists in Copenhagen have been told, lung cancer patients should be routinely tested for this biomarker. However, only a quarter to a third of non-small cell lung cancer patients have tumours with at least 50 per cent of cells producing PD-L1, leaving the majority unserved and around 70 percent of the market still up for grabs. The inability to treat everyone with monotherapy using one single drug is a blow for Bristol, which tried to make treatment with its Opdivo drug work across the board, only to fail comprehensively in a major clinical trial. But it has opened up the field to rivals like Merck, Roche and AstraZeneca, which own what could be among the biggest-selling drugs of all time, and all companies are now racing to find smart ways to combine treatments. Oncologists poring over immunotherapy trial results at Europe's biggest cancer meeting have learnt one thing: finding optimal treatments for different patient groups will take more research. "I think the future of immunotherapy will be defined over the next 10 or 15 years," said lung cancer specialist Solange Peters from Lausanne University Hospital, one of the organisers of the Copenhagen meeting. Despite immunotherapy successes and the prospect of a potential market worth up to $40 billion in sales, veteran cancer experts urge caution. "In oncology, we see these kind of waves from cosmic pessimism to over-optimism, so we have to be cautious," ESMO President Fortunato Ciardiello said. Investors, though, were quick to position themselves as shares in Bristol fell 10 per cent in early trade on Monday, while Merck hit its highest level since 2001. FIGHTING BACK By taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours, immunotherapy offers a different approach to toxic chemotherapy treatment, which causes collateral damage to healthy tissue. It is not without side effects but it is a kinder option, which also promises much longer-lasting efficacy. Bristol, Merck and Roche have US approval for immunotherapies, while Bristol and Merck also sell their drugs in Europe. China, however, has yet to licence them. Lung cancer, the world's biggest cancer killer with an annual death toll of 1.6 million, will account for by far the largest portion of future prescriptions, although immunotherapy is used additionally in melanoma, Hodgkin lymphoma and cancers of the bladder, kidney, head and neck. With Merck set to sweep the board in lung cancer monotherapy, doctors are looking to the next phase of the story and there is a growing consensus that combination treatments are the future for remaining patients with lower PD-L1 levels. "Clearly, the race is on," said Jean-Charles Soria, a professor of medicine at France's Institut Gustave Roussy, of the looming battle for dominance in the combination market. In theory, researchers believe, it should be possible to get more people to respond by adding other drugs to the mix in order to coax the immune system to fight back against cancer cells. Most attention so far has been on combining two immunotherapies, although this raises questions over cost, with each medicine typically priced at $100,000 to $150,000 a year. The strategy creates an opportunity for AstraZeneca, which has lagged rivals so far but hopes to jump ahead with a drug cocktail that should report clinical results early next year. Bristol is chasing the same idea, although its double-immunotherapy trial is not expected to have results until 2018. But the ESMO meeting has also raised the prospect of another approach -- successfully combining immunotherapy and chemotherapy. A lot of scientists have been sceptical of this idea in the past, and there are still questions over whether patients will have a long-lasting response, but positive data from a mid-stage study at ESMO suggests the concept has real promise. Roche and Merck are both enthusiastic. Steering a path through all these permutations is going to be a challenge and ESMO's Ciardiello says the cancer community must await more clinical trial results over the next few years. "I think we live in great times for rendering cancer a curable disease but it will take time because the more we learn, the more we understand that it is hugely complex," he told Reuters. $30-40 BILLION SALES While nobody yet knows what the "gold standard" treatment regimen is going to be, it is already clear this new generation of drugs is going to be big. "Every time we come back to the immunotherapy market we are amazed at just how large the opportunity is," said Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez, who sees combined annual sales of $30 billion to $40 billion for drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo, as well as rivals from Roche, AstraZeneca and Pfizer. How the market will ultimately divide between companies is still unclear but Merck certainly emerges from the past weekend in Copenhagen as the main winner. That underscores a shift in expectations that has been evident since August, when Bristol first revealed its monotherapy trial had failed. British patient O'Flynn, whose tumours shrunk dramatically, is just glad she has a chance to try something new. "My brother had cancer and he had chemotherapy, which was very gruelling. But I haven't experienced any real side effects, apart from a bit of tiredness." © Thomson Reuters 2016 Trending Movies: Twinkle, Akshay's Koffee Time Will Make You ROFL. 10 Best Quotes Profit: How Big Note Ban Could Impact Your EMIs, Bank FD Rates Gadgets: Should You Buy the PS4 Pro or Stick With the PS4? Read This and Decide Related Weight Loss May Make Cancer Immunotherapies Ineffective Smoking a Pack a Day Causes 150 Mutations in Every Lung Cell Palliative Care Should be Standard in Cancer Treatment: Guideline Antibiotic History Of A Hospital Bed May Increase A Patient's Risk Of Infection: Study Dear Science: Why Do I Always Get Sick When The Seasons Change? Share this story on ALSO READPM Modi Holds Late-Night Meeting With Senior Ministers On Currency Ban Evelyn O'FlynnLung CancerChemotherapyImmunotherapyEuropean Society for Medical Oncology ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksJohn AbrahamRock On 2Deepika PadukonePriyanka ChopraSrideviArvind KejriwalIndia vs England ................................ Advertisement ................................ Donald Trump Wants To Live Only Part-Time In White House: Report Trump Vows To Immediately Deport Up To 3 Million Illegal Immigrant PM Modi Holds Late-Night Meeting With Senior Ministers On Currency Ban After Rs 500 Note Launch, Withdrawal Limits At ATMs, Banks Raised RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2016. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The ESMO Conference Proves Its Ability To Move Stocks Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 10, 2016 2:44pm   Comments Share: Related ARIA Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Climbs 250 Points; Impax Labs Shares Down Following Q3 Results 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday Related BMY Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? The Election Can't Come Soon Enough For Biotechs Bristol-Myers cancer drug combo shows promise (Seeking Alpha) The ESMO 2016 Oncology Conference took place over the weekend in Copenhagen, Denmark. News out of the conference is making a big splash in the market on Monday. Here’s a look at what you may have missed. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY) shares are down 10.17 percent after the company reported worse-than-expected results related to cancer drug Opdivo. While monotherapy may not work out for Bristol-Myers, Goldman Sachs still believes combination therapy data is compelling. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) pushed Bristol-Myers shares down even more on Monday by reporting extremely positive results for Keytruda. Keytruda reduced patient deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone and cut disease progression in half. Merck shares are up 2.1 percent. TESARO Inc (NASDAQ: TSRO) shares are skyrocketing 22.5 percent on Monday morning following ESMO. Data from the conference indicates that the company’s Phase 3 drug candidate Niraparib has wide-reaching efficacy among ovarian cancer patients and could be granted broad labeling as well. Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ: OMED) are in the green by 5.91 percent on Monday after the company reported positive Phase Ib data on drug candidates ipafricept and vantictumab. The company suggested both candidates are ready for Phase II testing. Related Link: Ariad Pharmaceuticals Raises Cancer Drug Price For The 4th Time This Year Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARIA) shares are up 6.1 percent after the company released positive Phase I/II data on Brigatinib in patients with anaplastic lymphoma kinase-positive advanced non-small cell lung cancer. The drug demonstrated at least 62 percent response rate at all dose levels tested. Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) shares are up a modest 0.3 percent on Monday after the company announced Phase III S-TRAC clinical data on Sutent. The drug increased survival for more than one year compared to placebo in patients at a high risk for recurrence after surgical resection of real cell carcinoma. Exelixis, Inc. (NASDAQ: EXEL) opened up higher on Monday but have since reversed, dropping 2.4 percent. The company announced Phase II data on Cabometyx in treating metastatic kidney cancer patients. Exlixis reported 31 percent less disease progression than Pfizer’s competing drug Sutent. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: cancerBiotech News Health Care Events Movers Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (ARIA + BMY) Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Climbs 250 Points; Impax Labs Shares Down Following Q3 Results 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday Mid-Day Market Update: Dow Surges Over 100 Points; Coty Shares Slide Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session Benzinga's Top Initiations View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on ARIA Trending Recent 1 DIS, PTCT: 18 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 2 DUST, NUGT: Gold Is Tumbling On Expectations Of Rising Interest Rates, Lo... 3 HUM, SPWR: 7 Biggest Price Target Changes For Friday 4 DIS, TWTR: Bob Iger Hinted At Disney's Next M&... 5 JWN, MSCC: 7 Stocks To Watch For November 11, 2016 6 AMZN, GOOG: Trip Chowdhry's Top... 7 KMI, FCX: Jim Cramer Share... 1 QUOT, GRPN: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 2 TWX, DIS: The Simpsons And 7 Great TV Shows That Went On For Too Long 3 BABA: Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba 4 DIS: The Disney Story Just Became All About 2018 5 GOOG, FOXA: 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear 6 GOOGL, GOOG: YouTube's CEO On Why The Vide... 7 ACBFF, APHQF: Marijuana Legalization... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Marathon Petroleum Offers 3 Reasons To Buy Now Stock Index Futures Higher; Nasdaq 100 Futures New Contract highs
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Crowds disrupt traffic in San Francisco following another day of Peaceful, positive demonstrations against Trump in SF, Oakland Veterans Day Parade at Fisherman’s Wharf draws thousands Leon Russell, producer and performer of major rock hits, dies Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors 49ers take step forward in last-second loss to Cardinals Cal’s Webb takes blame for loss as short-handed defense Warriors’ Steve Kerr impressed by Clippers Warriors game day: Can Golden State outrun Suns? Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Blizzard plans ‘Overwatch’ league with video game fans This week: Guns, Facebook death scare, Trump’s no-fly zone For sale: old Levi’s, Chipotle burgers, lightly used trade deal Facebook’s domination of social media continues Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Loving’ a strong drama about a landmark case The latest from Dear Abby Women a focus of 14th SF South Asian Film Festival Broadway tour’s fresh take on Maria in ‘Music’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating The Saratoga opens in the Tenderloin The Mission’s La Victoria plots a bar: Santo Kenzo opens next week in Napa, with menu that starts at $225 Bay Area breweries with the best thirst-quenching tours Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump 9 of the weirdest classic Thanksgiving recipes The Chronicle has Baby animals are here to soothe your troubled mind Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Anderson Marsh: 1 state park preserves 3 histories One day, one place: Lake County’s Kelseyville Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions There are more rich renters in SF than homeowners Walk-through: Contemporary Victorian in Cole Valley Escape to the Cape without leaving SF with this sunny, shingled Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview When reading your resume, the first 20 seconds count for Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.businessinsider.com/pembrolizumab-cancer-immunotherapy-2016-10?utm_source=hearst&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=allverticals A new kind of drug is working better than chemotherapy in some lung cancer patients (BMY, MRK) Lydia Ramsey, provided by Published 6:48 am, Monday, October 10, 2016 University of Pennsylvania via Microbe World / Flickr For people with advanced forms of lung cancer, chemotherapy might not be the only — or even the best — option.  The drug, marketed as Keytruda, is one of a new set of drugs called immunotherapy. The drug targets the programmed cell death 1 (or PD-1) receptor and allows the body's own immune system go after the cancer cells. Merck, the maker of Keytruda, just finished a new trial on the drug, for patients who haven't yet been treated for advanced non-small cell lung cancer. The results are published in the New England Journal of Medicine, and were presented at the European Society for Medical Oncology conference. About a third of all these patients with non-small cell lung cancer have cells that express at least 50% of this PD-L1 protein (which relates to the PD-1 receptor the drug is targeting).  The 305 patients who took part in the trial were either assigned Keytruda or platinum-based chemotherapy. Progression-free survival — a clinical endpoint that basically means the cancer hasn't grown — was a median of 10.3 months in those who received Keytruda, while those in the chemotherapy group had a median progression-free survival of 6 months. The overall survival rate at six months for those on Keytruda was 80.2%, while it was 72% for chemotherapy. "All these data taken together really represent a sea change in the treatment of the lung cancer patient," Merck's senior vice president of clinical development, Roy Baynes told Business Insider, referring to this trial, as well as another that looked at what happens when chemotherapy is combined with immunotherapy. This is the first randomized controlled trial to show that immunotherapy is better than standard chemotherapy as a first treatment for people with this type of lung cancer, he said. Steep competition Keytruda isn't the only PD-1 drug trying to prove it works for this group of lung cancer patients. In August, Bristol-Myers Squibb, a company with a competing drug called Opdivo said its version of the study didn't hit its primary endpoint of progression-free survival in patients with at least 5% PD-L1 expression in tumors (a wider net than what Merck's was looking at). Bristol-Myers also presented data at the ESMO conference and fell short of expectations that it would at least do well in patients with high levels of PD-L1 protein. The company's stock was down 8% Monday morning, while Merck was up 2%.  Both Opdivo (nivolumab) and Keytruda (pembrolizumab) are approved for a seemingly ever-growing list of cancer types. And they're not cheap. Opdivo brought in $840 million in second-quarter sales alone, while Keytruda made $314 million over the same time period. "It might well be that Keytruda monotherapy in high PDL1 expressers remains the go-to regimen, representing a high bar for combination therapy to cross," Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson said in a note Friday, before the full data was released. But, although there is a lot of excitement over new immunotherapies like these two, there's still a lot that needs to be figured out about how these treatments work and who will respond to them.  "Immunotherapy with checkpoint inhibitors will displace chemotherapy in yet another subset of patients with lung cancer," Dr. Bruce Johnson of the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute wrote in an editorial published Sunday in NEJM. "We await the results of long-term follow-up of large cohorts of patients who were treated with another checkpoint inhibitor, nivolumab, to see whether the initial survival data advantage in the population translates to survival of 20% or greater at 3 years and beyond." Join the conversation about this story » NOW WATCH: The world’s largest pyramid is not in Egypt See Also: A decorated scientist has ignited a passionate debate with claims that the founders of Chinese civilization were not Chinese MELANIA TRUMP RESPONDS: 'Unacceptable and offensive to me' REBELLION: RNC staffers 'defying orders' to keep working for Trump, source says SEE ALSO: We’re still using the 'Model T' of antibiotics — here’s why that’s a problem DON'T MISS: The 10 most expensive drugs in the US Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTS IN BAY AREA Crowds shut down parts of Market Street Peaceful Trump protesters form human chain around Lake Merritt Conway: It's up to Clinton, Obama to calm Trump protesters Latest News UC Berkeley police investigate election-related hate crime Air New Zealand offers election-sick Americans $399 flights Suspect in killing of Stanislaus County sheriff deputy in custody Here comes supermoon! Closest in nearly 69 years Highway 1 reopened at Devil's Slide after fire Veterans Day Parade in SF draws thousands Investigation: UC Berkeley professor sexually harassed student Parolee leads Sonoma County officers in vehicle pursuit Trump tells supporters to stop harassment Trump names alt-right media owner to senior White House role Trump plans to deport up to 3 million ‘criminal’ immigrants Donald Trump spars with New York Times (again) 49ers take step forward in last-second loss to Cardinals 49ers RB Hyde returns from injury Biden memes on Trump give America much-needed laugh Chappelle and Rock give hilarious take on election night 12 movies worth seeing this holiday season Worth seeing at the movies, Nov. 11 Today's Gate Features Scenes from the Paris attacks, 1 year later The lowest-paying college majors Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Your pearly whites will glow with this high-tech electric... Enjoy the taste of summer year round with this smokeless... Most Popular 1 Confederate flags shock viewers at Petaluma Veterans Day parade 2 ‘Silicon Valley’ Stars Harassed By Trump Supporters in Bar 3 ‘SNL': Watch Kate McKinnon Sing Leonard Cohen’s... 4 Hillary Clinton's lead in popular vote could grow to more than... 5 Garrison Keillor: Done. Over. He's here. Goodbye. 6 Mountain View teacher suspended for comparing Trump to Hitler 7 Warriors’ JaVale McGee in line for expanded role 8 More hit streets in SF, Oakland to protest Trump 9 Donald Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare 10 Peaceful, positive demonstrations against Trump in SF, Oakland Latest News UC Berkeley police investigate election-related hate crime Air New Zealand offers election-sick Americans $399 flights Suspect in killing of Stanislaus County sheriff deputy in custody Here comes supermoon! Closest in nearly 69 years Highway 1 reopened at Devil's Slide after fire Veterans Day Parade in SF draws thousands Investigation: UC Berkeley professor sexually harassed student Parolee leads Sonoma County officers in vehicle pursuit View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Research Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? IBD Industry Themes Merck Topples Bristol-Myers On Lung Cancer Drug Win Lung cancer trial results showed a win for Merck and a loss for Bristol-Myers. (tycoon101 - Fotolia/stock.adobe.com) ALLISON GATLIN 10/10/2016 Reprints Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) stock crashed to a two-year low Monday after competitor Merck (MRK) unveiled Phase 3 results showing lung-cancer drug Keytruda is twice as effective as chemotherapy, sparking its stock to a breakout. By the closing bell on the stock market today, Bristol-Myers Squibb stock plunged 10.1% to end trading at 49.81. Merck stock, on the other hand, lifted as much as 3.3% to a 15-year high near 65, and ended Monday trading up 1.8% to 63.90. Shares briefly hit a 64.10 entry point out of a flat base, adding to a 19% gain since January. New buys, though, are risky in the current volatile market environment. IBD'S TAKE: Merck stock is in a buy zone, but it's far from alone. Check out IBD's Stocks Near Buy Zone to find out which players are recommended bets. Shares ramped on Merck's presentation at the 2016 European Society of Medical Oncology conference in Copenhagen. There, Merck unveiled the results of Phase 3 testing for Keytruda, a drug to treat non-small cell lung cancer. Keytruda, alone, extended progression-free survival to 10.3 months vs. six months with chemotherapy for lung cancer patients expressing a specific type of protein, Merck said. Merck also combined Keytruda with Eli Lilly's (LLY) chemo drug Alimta. In that study, 55% of patients responded to the combination vs. 29% of patients receiving chemo. Median progression-free survival was 4.1 months longer on the combo. Bristol-Myers Squibb's nivolumab, a rival treatment for lung cancer, showed "virtually no benefit," Evercore ISI analyst John Scotti wrote in a research report. That "left investors scratching their heads," he said. Credit Suisse analyst Vamil Divan expects Merck to take a major leadership position in the lung-tumor market vs. Bristol-Myers, AstraZeneca (AZN) and Roche (RHHBY). Though, he says, Roche might pile on some pressure with its Tecentriq. Tecentriq has shown an overall survival benefit in second-line lung cancer regardless protein expression, he wrote. He estimates $3 billion in peak sales with a 60% probability of success. RBC analyst Michael Yee expects Celgene (CELG) to fly on the potential for chemo-combos like the one Merck tested with Keytruda. He sees Celgene growing its revenue if only 30% of the first-line lung cancer patients are treated with chemo-combos. In other news from the conference, Credit Suisse's Divan expects Novartis (NVS) to face some pressure post-ESMO. Novartis' drug to combat metastatic breast cancer is as effective as Pfizer's (PFE) Ibrance, but has some serious safety concerns. "While efficacy appears in line with Ibrance, safety observations of Hy's law (risk of fatal drug-induced liver injury) and QTc prolongation (mild cardiac arrhythmia) may put the drug at a disadvantage to Pfizer's Ibrance or Eli Lilly's Abemaciclib, which may be approved in 2017," he wrote. Novartis stock lost 0.7% to end Monday trades at 77.75. Bristol-Myers, Eli Lilly, AstraZeneca, Roche, Pfizer, Novartis and Merck are in IBD's ethical drugs industry group. The group has been slumping, ranked No. 142 out of 197. RELATED: Celgene's Trio Of New Drugs Could Tack On $3 Billion-Plus: RBC Amgen, Biogen, Gilead Could Spike VA Pricing To Skirt California Measure Roche Drug Scores In Lung Cancer, Challenging Bristol-Myers ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Can the Trump rally turn into a longer-lasting move? The market could use a doubt-eliminating leap. (iStockphoto) Nasdaq, Dow Go Separate Ways; Stock Rotation Underway 11/10/2016 Internet tech stocks took a drubbing Thursday, as money moved into banks and infrastructure plays. 11/10/2016 Internet tech stocks took a drubbing Thursday, as money moved... Pfizer Spikes On Report It's Mulling $14 Billion Consumer Care Sale Dow Holds Near Record High But Alphabet, Facebook, Other Techs Sag Dow Hits All-Time High; Financials Lead Again; Macy's, Kohl's Up Big Stocks Open With Dow At Record High; Pfizer, Taser, Kohl's Climb Trump Election Lights A Firecracker Under Key Stocks Drug Stocks Rally On Relief Clinton Didn't Win White House Trump Victory, Agenda Likely To Spur Lasting Stock Market Rally Stocks Pare Gains As Market Adjusts To Trump Victory; Banking Stocks Rise Today's Spotlight Las Vegas Traders Expo Join IBD for free investing workshops and get product trying at our booth. Portfolio Management Webinar Join us and learn how to maximize your results by rotating cash into your best-performing stocks. Try SwingTrader Free Our new product applies IBD’s CAN SLIM Investing System to help you capture short term trends. More News President-elect Donald Trump smiles as he arrives to speak at an election night rally in New York on Nov. 9, 2016. (AP) The Case For A Trump Bull Market In Stocks JPMorgan and other financials had strong Q3 results, with investors betting on much better days ahead. (iStockphoto) Profit Recession Over, Here Comes The Best Earnings Growth Since 2014 Get the #1 trading app in the App Store from TD Ameritrade Promoted Content By TD Ameritrade Special Report Today's advisors harness technology to enhance almost every aspect of their practice. (Jeff Goertzen) Financial Advisors See why becoming tech savvy is a must for today's successful financial advisors. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 42-54 We set you thinking Sunday 13 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World - 1479022876 World South Korean prosecutors to question president this week over political scandal: Yonhap 1479020946 China&India Australia’s Crown says China releases 1 of 18 detained casino employees 1479021373 Lifestyle CoverGirl signs its first ambassador in a hijab 1479021076 World Former air force commander tipped to win Bulgarian presidency 1479019809 Singapore No reason for US and S’pore defence ties to diminish: Ng Eng Hen 1479018960 Lifestyle Learning the art of people-watching in Singapore 1478868360 World India central bank attempts to calm fears around currency shortage 1479017817 World Eight dead in clashes between Myanmar army and militants in Rakhine 1479016802 Business South Korea prosecutors question heads of conglomerates in probe over political scandal: Yonhap 1479017033 World Australia's Crown says China releases one of 18 detained casino employees 1479015200 China&India As Delhi chokes, farmers defend scorched earth policy 1479016278 World Iraqi Kurds' destruction of Arab villages could be war crime: HRW 1479014269 World Venezuela government, opposition reach tentative deals in dialogue 1479014606 World Colombia, rebels agree revised peace deal to end 52-year war 1479004106 World Australia, U.S. announce refugee resettlement deal 1479007060 World Sting reopens Paris' Bataclan hall on anniversary of militant attack 1478993619 Business Honda plans to produce 80 business jets annually by March 2019 1479008421 Entertainment Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum 1479006360 Business U.S. banks' post-election rally may be just an appetizer 1478913656 World U.S. to push ahead on climate pact before Trump takes over: Kerry 1479003961 World Abe aims to underscore importance of Japan-U.S. alliance with Trump 1479003189 Lifestyle Diana Ser: Here’s how to ruin your painstakingly plotted family vacation 1478858760 World South Korea's Park faces calls to resign at huge protest rally 1478994016 Lifestyle Vive La France 1478865360 World Britain's Brexit firebrand Farage meets Trump in New York 1478997809 Business U.S. regulator has opened Audi investigation: Bild am Sonntag 1478994572 World Blast at Pakistan shrine kills 52, wounds scores 1478986508 Business Toyota to settle U.S. truck rust lawsuit for up to $3.4 billion 1478992590 World Moscow calling as Moldovans vote in presidential runoff 1478988278 World Vintage biplanes attempt Greece-South Africa imperial route 1478988775 Singapore PM Lee to attend leaders’ retreat with Jokowi 1478988000 World Turkey issues warning over travel to U.S. after Trump protests 1478982461 World Venetians pack their bags as tourism takes its toll 1478975725 World Iraqi army says advances in Mosul, despite suicide bombers 1478968912 World Taliban bomber kills four Americans at NATO base in Afghanistan 1478980473 Business Lego ends Daily Mail toy giveaway after protest on migrant coverage 1478982721 World Italy's Northern League leader Salvini says will run for PM 1478974360 World France condemns attack on NATO base in Afghanistan 1478970398 World Bangladesh retrieves a fifth of $81 million stolen in cyber heist 1478972810 World Islamic State victims suffer as evidence of chemical attacks grows 1478969600 World Ex-Congo rebel leader missing, gunfire erupts in border town 1478970335 World Islamic State claims Pakistan shrine attack that killed at least 25 people 1478968374 World Palestinian leadership tensions flare amid Arafat death anniversary 1478968318 World Syrian army and allies make gains in Aleppo 1478951500 World Philippine leader threatens tough measures to boost drugs war 1478965056 World Turkey halts activities of 370 groups as purge widens 1478960999 Business Ford to resume 24-hour shift in Brazil plant, paper says 1478959827 World Powerful tycoon sees Moldova sticking to EU path regardless of election outcome 1478958971 World Hundreds of Boko Haram fighters surrender in Chad: sources 1478957416 Business Bristol lung-cancer setback puts rival Merck drug in driver seat A trader passes by a screen displaying the tickers symbols for Bristol-Myers Squibb and Intelsat, Ltd. on the floor at the New York Stock Exchange. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:10 AM, October 11, 2016 Updated: 1:50 PM, October 11, 2016 New data is likely to prompt doctors to abandon Bristol-Myers Squibb's immunotherapy Opdivo in favor of Merck & Co's rival Keytruda in a large segment of the lucrative lung cancer market, analysts said on Monday. The results of a closely watched clinical trial sent Bristol's shares plunging 10 percent. The data, presented at a medical meeting on Sunday, showed that lung cancer patients fared worse on Opdivo than those on chemotherapy. Merck shares rose nearly 2 percent on strong benefits shown by Keytruda in a similar late-stage lung cancer study. Both trials tested the drugs that help the immune system to recognize and fight cancer as an initial treatment for advanced lung cancer. They are already approved for patients whose disease had progressed following chemotherapy, but approval as a so called first-line therapy could greatly increase the number of patients taking them. Opdivo had been considered the leader among the new class of medicines. It generated $840 million of sales in the second quarter, more than double those of Keytruda. The view of the rival drugs began to change in August, with the surprise announcement by Bristol-Myers that Opdivo had failed to best older chemotherapies in the Phase III trial. Details of the trial unveiled at the European Society for Medical Oncology meeting in Copenhagen only heightened those concerns. Patients on Opdivo went 4.2 months before their disease worsened versus 5.9 months for those on chemo, although the difference was not deemed statistically significant. "This data represented a worst-case scenario for Opdivo," Sanford Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson said in a research note. The Opdivo trial enrolled patients regardless of their tumor's level of PD-L1 expression, a protein targeted by the drug whose presence may help identify those most likely to benefit from treatment with the new medicines. Meanwhile, researchers reported that Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression in previously untreated patients, and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy. Patients in the Merck trial were only enrolled if they were shown to have high levels of PD-L1, a narrower segment of the lung cancer population than those in the Bristol-Myers study. "Merck will completely 'own' the segment of first-line lung cancer patients who have high PD-L1 expression levels, and Bristol Myers will capture nothing really," Anderson said. Doctors are allowed to prescribe medicines for not yet approved uses, but analysts said they expect current off-label prescribing of Opdivo in first-line lung cancer to dry up now. In addition, competition in second-line lung cancer is soon expected to intensify with the anticipated approval of Roche's immunotherapy Tecentriq, which is now approved to treat bladder cancer. Both Keytruda and Tecentriq are given every three weeks, while Opdivo is administered every two weeks, which is seen as a convenience disadvantage. "The nearly inexplicable failure of (Opdivo) at every level of PD-L1 expression ... puts Merck in the driver's seat in first-line lung cancer for at least the next 12-18 months," said Leerink Partners analyst Seamus Fernandez. Calling the Keytruda data "stunning,” Fernandez said, "We fully expect Merck to retain a significant place at the table long term." Bristol shares, which had already lost one quarter of their value since the initial trial data was disclosed in August, fell 10 percent $49.85, while Merck shares were up 1.7 percent at $63.84 after earlier rising more than 3 percent to a near 15-year high. Opdivo is also approved for advanced melanoma, kidney cancer and a type of Hodgkin lymphoma, while Keytruda is also approved for advanced melanoma, plus head and neck cancer. But lung cancer is considered by far the biggest market for cancer drugs. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 With dollars scarce, Egypt's newly floated pound weakens While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What next for Singapore’s private housing market? What are the differences leading a start-up vs an MNC? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Wall Street soars as investors see higher chance of Clinton win Wall Street gains as traders bet on Clinton triumph Inside Today World - South Korean prosecutors to question president this week over political scandal: Yonhap Former air force commander tipped to win Bulgarian presidency India central bank attempts to calm fears around currency shortage South Korea prosecutors question heads of conglomerates in probe over political scandal: Yonhap Business South Korea prosecutors question heads of conglomerates in probe over political scandal: Yonhap Honda plans to produce 80 business jets annually by March 2019 U.S. regulator has opened Audi investigation: Bild am Sonntag Toyota to settle U.S. truck rust lawsuit for up to $3.4 billion Lego ends Daily Mail toy giveaway after protest on migrant coverage Sports Local MMA fighters do Singapore proud at ONE: Defending Honor S’pore’s junior shuttlers edged out at world meet Wenger says fielding injured Sanchez would be a suicidal move Goal-shy Lions hope to find scoring boots in time for Suzuki Cup Community engagement key in Sports Hub’s efforts to entice S’poreans Entertainment Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests New NLB free app offers unlimited downloads for selected titles The cheat sheet to French films Leonard Cohen, writer of 'Hallelujah', dead at age 82 About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money How to Invest in Trump World DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Merck Solidifies Lung Cancer Immunotherapy Lead Over Bristol-Myers Squibb Merck's Keytruda works in first-line lung cancer, Bristol's Opdivo does not. Adam Feuerstein Oct 9, 2016 7:50 AM EDT Merck (MRK) will emerge victorious from a European medical conference this weekend with the only immunotherapy, Keytruda, shown to significantly delay tumor growth and extend the lives of patients with newly diagnosed non-small cell lung cancer compared to chemotherapy. Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) leaves the same conference with a competing immunotherapy, Opdivo, that's a total failure in newly diagnosed lung cancer. There was speculation Bristol might salvage something positive for Opdivo from the negative clinical trial first announced in August. That didn't happen, so now Bristol is in a bad place. Bristol has already lost $32 billion in market value since announcing in August the failure of the Opdivo front-line lung cancer trial. In the same time period, Merck's market value has increased by $14 billion.This weekend's cancer immunotherapy duel isn't likely to reverse that valuation trend. Keytruda and Opdivo are both highly effective and commercially successful drugs which harness a patient's immune system to kill a growing list of cancer types. Both drugs are even effective in treating patients with lung cancer that no longer responds to prior therapies. However, in newly diagnosed lung cancer, a commercial market opportunity that could reach $8 billion in sales annually, Merck's Keytruda works and Bristol's Opdivo does not. Why? Because Bristol gambled big by testing Opdivo in a broad population of new lung cancer patients. The bet blew up. Merck played conservative, choosing to target a smaller group of lung cancer patients with a biomarker suggesting Keytruda would be more effective. Merck's strategy paid off. Keytruda and Opdivo belong to a class of drugs known as checkpoint inhibitors. They work by blocking the interaction between PD-L1, a protein found on the surface of tumor cells, with PD-1, a receptor found on immune cells. Blocking the PD-1/PD-L1 connection allows a patient's immune system to recognize and kill cancer cells. Merck restricted enrollment in its phase III study to previously untreated patients with at least 50% of lung tumors cells expressing PD-L1. Approximately one-third of newly diagnosed lung cancer patients have this biomarker. The patients were randomized to receive treatment with Keytruda or a physician's choice of five different chemotherapy regimens. For the study's primary endpoint, Keytruda reduced the risk of tumor progression by 50% compared to chemotherapy. At the median, Keytruda delayed tumor growth by 10.3 months compared to 6 months for chemotherapy. Prev 0 of 3 Next If you liked this article you might like Global Week Ahead: Eurozone GDP and Banker Pow-Wow Deutsche Bank CEO Cryan will take center stage at a Frankfurt conference. Laura Board Nov 13, 2016 4:00 PM EST 'Mad Money' Lightning Round: Target, Amazon, Tesla Jim Cramer says take a pass on TGT and the dollar stores; look at AMZN instead. Scott Rutt Nov 11, 2016 6:00 AM EST Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: Ahead of Veterans Day, Cautious Optimism for Growth Jim Cramer honors veterans and those willing to invest in a brighter future for America. Scott Rutt Nov 10, 2016 8:55 PM EST Dow, Lifted by Financials, Finishes at Record High; Nasdaq Slips Wall Street runs at two speeds as a rally in financials sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average to close at records, while a selloff in tech sank the Nasdaq. Keris Alison Lahiff Nov 10, 2016 4:05 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending Moving to Canada After Trump's Election? Here's Your Real Estate Guide to the Great White North Apple's iPhone 8 Just Keeps Looking Better and Better With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy Pundits Just Don't Get It: Here Is the Real Reason Why Trump Won Higher Ed Advocates Alarmed by Trump's Department of Education Shutdown Talk Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Bristol Myers Squibb suffers again after more Keytruda success Bristol Myers Squibb suffers again after more Keytruda success Monday, 10 October 2016 Shares in Bristol Myers Squibb (NYSE: BMY) tumbled again as rival Merck's (NYSE:MRK) immunotherapy drug Keytruda.scored well in a clinical trial for lung cancer. Bristol Myers’ own immunotherapy treatment, Opdivo, failed its phase III trial for non-small cell lung cancer in August with no improvement in previously untreated patients. Over the weekend, however, Merck said that Keytruda halved the rate of disease progression and reduced the number of deaths by 40%. In combination with established chemotherapy drugs, meanwhile, it was twice as effective as chemotherapy alone. A spokesman for the university where the research was carried out said the results may have marked a new day for lung cancer treatment. Merck had already announced that Keytruda had performed well in the trial, but this was the first time the data had been published. Keytruda is part of the new wave of immunotherapy boosting treatments for cancer that enable the body to recognise rogue cells and destroy them. Lung cancer is seen a US$10bn plus market and while Opdivo is approved for other treatments, its failure here has wiped billions off Bristol Myer’s value. Shares today were 9% lower at US$50.3 as analysts suggested it may now never catch up Merck, with Keytruda set to become the new standard of care. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Business DONALD TRUMP's election has the Philippine president singing a different tune Wellington in shutdown after deadly EARTHQUAKE, but businesses 'resilient' TOYOTA agrees to $3.4bn rust dispute settlement in US NEW ZEALAND lags Wall St's euphoria Christopher Niesche: Oz snaps losing streak after US ELECTION Zuckerberg promises FACEBOOK action over fake news USGS: Magnitude 7.4 earthquake strikes near CHRISTCHURCH, New Zealand Banks 'will pull out of Britain' unless Theresa May sorts out post-BREXIT plan DOMINIC CHAPPELL arrested by HMRC over unpaid tax IRAQI FORCES Capture Nimrud, Drive Out Islamic State Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Lewis Hamilton Barack Obama Roddy Piper Leon Russell Current Topics House Chief 60 Minutes Supermoon Bulgaria Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Time To Get Animated: WhatsApp Now Supports GIFs Michael Moore's Five-Step 'Election Morning-After' Checklist Goes Viral MOVIE REVIEW: Trolls It's Official: The Simpsons Has More Episodes Than Any Other Scripted Show In History Donald Trumps Clinton: The 45th US President Emerges Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money How to Invest in Trump World DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Why Bristol-Myers (BMY) Stock Is Falling Today Bristol-Myers (BMY) stock is slumping on Monday after Merck (MRK) issued results from its Keytruda drug trial, which showed it was more effective than chemotherapy in reducing patients' lung cancer. Annie Palmer Oct 10, 2016 10:27 AM EDT NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) were retreating 9.34% to $50.26 on heavy trading volume mid-morning Monday after Merck (MRK) released positive results from its Keytruda lung cancer drug trial.  Bristol-Myers is developing a similar drug called Opdivo, which is for newly diagnosed non-small cell lung cancer patients. In August, the New York-based pharmaceutical company reported negative late-stage trial results for Opdivo when compared with chemotherapy.  The difference between the two trials is that Kenilworth, NJ-based Merck limited its study to patients with at least 50% of lung tumors containing PD-L1, a protein found on tumor cells. Opdivo included patients with tumors containing lower levels of PD-L1.  TheStreet's Adam Feuerstein said the risk of dying in the Bristol study was the same whether a patient was treated with Opdivo or chemo.  But Leerink believes Bristol-Myers can still compete with Merck despite the company's disappointing Opdivo results. Bristol-Myers said it "may have a fast track" to getting Opdivo approved, but Leerink noted that such a path seems "speculative" based on Merck's "stunning" Keytruda trial.  The firm has an "outperform" rating on Bristol-Myers stock. More than 17.33 million of Bristol-Myers' shares have changed hands so far today vs. its average volume of 11.99 million shares per day. (This stock is held in Jim Cramer's charitable trust Action Alerts PLUS. See all of his holdings with a free trial here.) Separately, TheStreet Ratings objectively rated this stock according to its "risk-adjusted" total return prospect over a 12-month investment horizon. Not based on the news in any given day, the rating may differ from Jim Cramer's view or that of this articles's author. Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like Drug and Biotech Stocks Rise as Price Clampdown Fears Ease Under Trump Presidency (Updated) How health care investors deal with Donald Trump as the next U.S. president and Republicans maintaining control of Congress is hard to forecast because few envisioned this scenario playing out. Adam Feuerstein Nov 9, 2016 9:48 AM EST 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Wednesday Stock futures are tumbling Wednesday but are well off their lows as Republican Donald Trump is elected the next president of the United States in a surprising victory. Joseph Woelfel Nov 9, 2016 5:34 AM EST NKE, AGN, NFLX: Jim Cramer's Views Cramer shares his views on price war victims. Nike, Allergan and Netflix are among the stocks discussed. Jim Cramer Nov 7, 2016 1:00 AM EST SBUX, AAPL, FB: Jim Cramer's Views Cramer shares his views on the rise of the stay-at-home consumer. Starbucks, Apple and Facebook are among the stocks discussed. Jim Cramer Nov 7, 2016 1:00 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending Moving to Canada After Trump's Election? Here's Your Real Estate Guide to the Great White North Apple's iPhone 8 Just Keeps Looking Better and Better With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy Pundits Just Don't Get It: Here Is the Real Reason Why Trump Won Higher Ed Advocates Alarmed by Trump's Department of Education Shutdown Talk Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
null
null
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Doctors grapple with best use of potent new cancer drugs Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States World News | Mon Oct 10, 2016 | 10:40am EDT Doctors grapple with best use of potent new cancer drugs left right A scientist prepares protein samples for analysis in a lab at the Institute of Cancer Research in Sutton, Britain, July 15, 2013. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth/File Photo 1/4 left right Protein analysis tubes are seen in a lab at the Institute of Cancer Research in Sutton, Britain, July 15, 2013. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth/File Photo 2/4 left right Cancer cells are seen on a large screen connected to a microscope at the CeBit computer fair in Hanover, Germany, March, 6, 2012. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer/File Photo 3/4 left right Sample analysis tubes are seen in a lab at the Institute of Cancer Research in Sutton, Britain, July 15, 2013. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth/File Photo 4/4 By Ben Hirschler | COPENHAGEN COPENHAGEN Evelyn O’Flynn still has lung cancer. But after going straight on to a new immune system-boosting drug more than a year ago, rather than traditional hard-to-tolerate chemotherapy, she is feeling great. "It’s like a miracle," said the 72-year-old ex-smoker, who is about to become a great-grandmother. As a patient being treated with Merck & Co's immunotherapy drug Keytruda, O’Flynn is one of the lucky ones. Data presented at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress suggest her early treatment with immunotherapy, as part of a clinical trial in Britain, will become standard for a growing number of patients. But there is a catch: it doesn't work for all. Giving immunotherapy on its own only seems to work better than chemotherapy in previously untreated lung cancer patients who have high levels of a protein called PD-L1, which makes them more receptive to immunotherapy. From now on, oncologists in Copenhagen have been told, lung cancer patients should be routinely tested for this biomarker. However, only a quarter to a third of non-small cell lung cancer patients have tumors with at least 50 percent of cells producing PD-L1, leaving the majority unserved and around 70 percent of the market still up for grabs. The inability to treat everyone with monotherapy using one single drug is a blow for Bristol, which tried to make treatment with its Opdivo drug work across the board, only to fail comprehensively in a major clinical trial. But it has opened up the field to rivals like Merck, Roche and AstraZeneca, which own what could be among the biggest-selling drugs of all time, and all companies are now racing to find smart ways to combine treatments. Oncologists poring over immunotherapy trial results at Europe's biggest cancer meeting have learnt one thing: finding optimal treatments for different patient groups will take more research. "I think the future of immunotherapy will be defined over the next 10 or 15 years," said lung cancer specialist Solange Peters from Lausanne University Hospital, one of the organizers of the Copenhagen meeting. Despite immunotherapy successes and the prospect of a potential market worth up to $40 billion in sales, veteran cancer experts urge caution. "In oncology, we see these kind of waves from cosmic pessimism to over-optimism, so we have to be cautious," ESMO President Fortunato Ciardiello said. Investors, though, were quick to position themselves as shares in Bristol fell 10 percent in early trade on Monday, while Merck hit its highest level since 2001. FIGHTING BACK By taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumors, immunotherapy offers a different approach to toxic chemotherapy treatment, which causes collateral damage to healthy tissue. It is not without side effects but it is a kinder option, which also promises much longer-lasting efficacy. Bristol, Merck and Roche have U.S. approval for immunotherapies, while Bristol and Merck also sell their drugs in Europe. China, however, has yet to license them. Lung cancer, the world's biggest cancer killer with an annual death toll of 1.6 million, will account for by far the largest portion of future prescriptions, although immunotherapy is used additionally in melanoma, Hodgkin lymphoma and cancers of the bladder, kidney, head and neck. With Merck set to sweep the board in lung cancer monotherapy, doctors are looking to the next phase of the story and there is a growing consensus that combination treatments are the future for remaining patients with lower PD-L1 levels. "Clearly, the race is on," said Jean-Charles Soria, a professor of medicine at France's Institut Gustave Roussy, of the looming battle for dominance in the combination market. In theory, researchers believe, it should be possible to get more people to respond by adding other drugs to the mix in order to coax the immune system to fight back against cancer cells. Most attention so far has been on combining two immunotherapies, although this raises questions over cost, with each medicine typically priced at $100,000 to $150,000 a year. The strategy creates an opportunity for AstraZeneca, which has lagged rivals so far but hopes to jump ahead with a drug cocktail that should report clinical results early next year. Bristol is chasing the same idea, although its double-immunotherapy trial is not expected to have results until 2018. But the ESMO meeting has also raised the prospect of another approach -- successfully combining immunotherapy and chemotherapy. A lot of scientists have been sceptical of this idea in the past, and there are still questions over whether patients will have a long-lasting response, but positive data from a mid-stage study at ESMO suggests the concept has real promise. Roche and Merck are both enthusiastic. Steering a path through all these permutations is going to be a challenge and ESMO's Ciardiello says the cancer community must await more clinical trial results over the next few years. "I think we live in great times for rendering cancer a curable disease but it will take time because the more we learn, the more we understand that it is hugely complex," he told Reuters. $30-40 BILLION SALES While nobody yet knows what the "gold standard" treatment regimen is going to be, it is already clear this new generation of drugs is going to be big. "Every time we come back to the immunotherapy market we are amazed at just how large the opportunity is," said Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez, who sees combined annual sales of $30 billion to $40 billion for drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo, as well as rivals from Roche, AstraZeneca and Pfizer. How the market will ultimately divide between companies is still unclear but Merck certainly emerges from the past weekend in Copenhagen as the main winner. That underscores a shift in expectations that has been evident since August, when Bristol first revealed its monotherapy trial had failed. British patient O'Flynn, whose tumors shrunk dramatically, is just glad she has a chance to try something new. "My brother had cancer and he had chemotherapy, which was very gruelling. But I haven't experienced any real side effects, apart from a bit of tiredness." (Reporting by Ben Hirschler, editing by Peter Millership) Next In World News Migrants stopped at Serbia's border with Croatia ZAGREB A group of migrants who had marched for two days from the Serbian capital Belgrade were stopped on Sunday at the border with Croatia, a European Union member which said would not allow illegal crossings. Trial to begin of man accused of murdering British lawmaker before Brexit vote LONDON The trial of the man accused of murdering British lawmaker Jo Cox a week before Britain voted in June's referendum on membership of the European Union is due to begin on Monday. Israeli ministers defy Netanyahu over settlement evacuation JERUSALEM An Israeli ministerial committee on Sunday defied Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and voted to support a bill to allow settlers in the occupied West Bank to remain in homes built on privately owned Palestinian land. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Unexploded bombs in Laos Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»AMGEN AKTIE»Research and Markets - Global $248.7 Billion Protein Drugs Markets and Manufacturing Technologies, 2020: Major Players Include Eli Lilly & Co, Abbvie F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Sanofi, Novo Nordisk, Novartis, Merck & Co. & Amgen AMGEN INC 136,50  Euro -2,30 -1,66 % WKN: 867900  ISIN: US0311621009 Ticker-Symbol: AMG  Xetra | 11.11.16 | 16:33 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BrancheBiotechnologie AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 S&P 100 S&P 500 NASDAQ Biotech 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 135,99 138,73 13.11. 137,18 137,59 11.11. 10.10.2016 | 15:11 (125 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Research and Markets - Global $248.7 Billion Protein Drugs Markets and Manufacturing Technologies, 2020: Major Players Include Eli Lilly & Co, Abbvie F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Sanofi, Novo Nordisk, Novartis, Merck & Co. & Amgen DUBLIN, October 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Dublin - Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Markets and Manufacturing Technologies for Protein Drugs" report to their offering. The global protein drugs market reached nearly $174.7 billion in 2015 and should reach nearly $248.7 billion by 2020 at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 7.3% through 2020. The scope of this study covers manufacturing of protein drugs technologies. Each market and its applications, regulatory environment, technology, market projections and market shares were analyzed. Technological issues include the latest trends and developments. This report covers the currently used six techniques in manufacturing of protein therapeutics, which includes fractionation from natural human/animal sources, microbial fermentation, cell culture, chemical synthesis, transgenics and embryonated eggs. The emerging market for enzyme inhibitors includes countries such as India, China, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, Canada, Africa, Australia and New Zealand. The protein drugs that are covered in this report are monoclonal antibodies, cytokines, peptide antibiotics, vaccines, enzymes and blood factors. The market is also analyzed on the basis of the manufacturing process used in making therapeutic protein drugs. Also included in the report are relevant patent analysis and comprehensive profiles of companies that lead the manufacturing of the protein drug industry. Some of the major players of the market include Eli Lilly & Co. Abbvie Inc. F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd Sanofi S.A Novo Nordisk AG Novartis AG Merck & Co. Merck KGaA Amgen Inc. This report will provide: An overview of the markets for each major class of protein in the segments therapeutic monoclonal antibodies, cytokines, peptide hormones, vaccines, and blood products Analyses of global market trends, with data from 2014, estimates for 2015, and projections of compound annual growth rates (CAGRs) through 2020 Discussion covering the strength and weaknesses of each type of technology in light of the new technologies, growing competition, and changing customer needs Examinations of current successes, including the size and sales forecast for each class in the next five years Evaluation of challenges such as delivery methods and side effects Consideration of issues regarding add-on products and patent protection Company profiles of major players Key Topics Covered: Chapter 1: Introduction Chapter 2: Executive Summary Chapter 3: Overview History Pharmacological Classification Of Therapeutic Proteins Molecular Classification Of Therapeutic Proteins Manufacturing Technologies Chapter 4: Regulatory Aspects Monoclonal Antibodies Therapeutic Enzymes Cytokines Peptide Hormones Vaccines Blood Products Peptide Antibiotics Recalls Safety Alerts Chapter 5: New Developments Monoclonal Antibodies Vaccines Cytokines Peptide Hormones Peptide Antibiotics Therapeutic Enzymes Blood Products Mergers And Acquisitions Chapter 6: Market Analysis By Type Chapter 7: Market Analysis By Manufacturing Process Chapter 8: Industry Structure Peptide Hormones Vaccines Therapeutic Enzymes Monoclonal Antibodies Cytokines Blood Factors Peptide Antibiotics Chapter 9: Patent Analysis Patents By Year Patents By Type Patents By Company Patents By Country Patents By Assignee Chapter 10: Current Situation Factors Affecting The Protein Therapeutic Market Chapter 11: Company Profiles Abbvie Inc. Actavis Inc. Alexion Pharmaceuticals Allergan PLC Amgen Inc Apotex Inc. Baxalta Inc Bayer Pharma AG Biogen Inc. Biomarin Pharmaceutical Inc Biotest Pharmaceuticals Corp. Bristol-Myers Squibb CSL Limited ELI Lilly F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG Fresenius Kabi USA Glaxosmithkline Grifols USA LLC Hospira Inc Johnson & Johnson Medimmune Llc Merck & Co, Inc Merck KGAA Mylan Inc. Novartis AG Novo Nordisk AG Octapharma AG Pfizer Inc Protein Sciences Corp. Revo Biologics Inc. Sandoz Sanofi Inc Seattle Genetics Inc. Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc Takeda Pharmaceutical U.S.A., Inc UCB Company Shire PLC (Viropharm Inc.) Vertex Pharmaceuticals For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/4hf2x2/global_markets Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu ABBVIE INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Fr AbbVie's hepatitis C treatment shows promise ► Artikel lesen Fr BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for AbbVie Inc. ► Artikel lesen Fr Citigroup Inc. Reaffirms "Buy" Rating for AbbVie Inc. ► Artikel lesen Fr AbbVie's next-generation pan-genotypic HCV regimen shows cure rates as high as 99% after eight weeks ► Artikel lesen Fr AbbVie (ABBV) Updates on Glecaprevir/Pibrentasvir Treatment Regiment in HCV; High SVR12 Rates Noted at 8 Weeks ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu AMGEN INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 02:07 Late-stage study shows Amgen and UCB's romosozumab significantly increases bone mineral density in men with osteoporosis ► Artikel lesen 01:43 Amgen's Parsabiv OK'd in Europe ► Artikel lesen So AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet THOUSAND OAKS (dpa-AFX) - Amgen's (AMGN) phase III study of investigational drug Romosozumab in men with osteoporosis has achieved the primary endpoint.In the study, dubbed BRIDGE, Romosozumab... ► Artikel lesen Sa Amgen Inc. Shares Sold by Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. ► Artikel lesen Fr Amgen (AMGN) Reports EC Approval for Parsabiv to Treat sHPT in Adults with CKD ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu ELI LILLY AND COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten So Zacks Investment Management Has $14,712,000 Position in Eli Lilly and Co. ► Artikel lesen Fr Lilly's Lartruvo get EU nod for soft tissue sarcoma ► Artikel lesen Do Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Gets Dedicated Humulin R U-500 Insulin Syringe From Becton Dickinson ► Artikel lesen Do Eli Lilly and Co. Rating Reiterated by Citigroup Inc. ► Artikel lesen Do BD debuts dedicated syringe for Eli Lilly's high-dose insulin ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu MERCK & CO INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 02:43 Merck's triple combo HCV candidate achieves cure rates as high as 100% in mid-stage studies ► Artikel lesen So 1832 Asset Management L.P. Raises Stake in Merck & Co. ► Artikel lesen Fr BMS' Opdivo evens the head-and-neck cancer score with Merck's Keytruda ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck & Co. EVP Sells €5,133,090.46 in Stock ► Artikel lesen Fr Why You Should (and Shouldn't) Buy Merck ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu NOVARTIS AG Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 01:04 Novartis International AG: Novartis improves ranking in 2016 Access to Medicine Index Novartis International AG / Novartis improves ranking in 2016 Access to Medicine Index . Processed and transmitted by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of... ► Artikel lesen So dpa-AFX-Überblick: UNTERNEHMEN - Die wichtigsten Meldungen vom Wochenende: VOLKSWAGEN, AUDI, DEUTSCHE PFANDBRIEFBANK, NOVARTIS, ROCHE 'BamS': US-Umweltbehörde EPA prüft Audi-Software BERLIN - Die US-Umweltbehörde EPA nimmt eine möglicherweise illegale Software-Funktion in Modellen der VW -Tochter Audi einem Medienbericht... ► Artikel lesen So Novartis-Chef denkt an Verkauf der Augenheilsparte Alcon ► Artikel lesen So Ex-Novartis-Boss überrascht: Vasella kritisiert hohe Medikamentenpreise ► Artikel lesen So Novartis-Chef denkt an Verkauf der Augenheilsparte Alcon: Gerade erst hat der Schweizer Pharmakonzern ... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu NOVO NORDISK A/S Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten So "Novo Nordisk: Ein echter Trump-Profiteur!" Die Kakophonie der Medien zur US-Präsidentschaftswahl klingt langsam ab. Anleger sollten sich nun dem Tagesgeschäft wieder widmen. Doch bei einigen Unternehmen hat die US-Wahl einen direkten Einfluss... ► Artikel lesen So Novo Nordisk: This Is All You Need To Know Right Now ► Artikel lesen Sa BRIEF-Novo's Tresiba shows lower variability in glucose-lowering effect in study ► Artikel lesen Fr Novo Nordisk Has Returned 32.1% Since SmarTrend Recommendation ► Artikel lesen Fr Why Novo Nordisk A/S Stock Dropped 13.6% in October ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu SANOFI SA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Fr Sanofi Gets Hosed on MannKind Deal (SNY, MNKD) ► Artikel lesen Fr Sanofi Presented Full Results of a PK/PD Study Comparing Toujeo® to Insulin Degludec in People With Type 1 Diabetes PARIS, November 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- - Toujeo® provides a flatter profile than insulin degludec with less within-day fluctuations - Sanofi presented today the full results of a pharmacokinetic... ► Artikel lesen Fr European advisory committee backs Sanofi's diabetes med Suliqua ► Artikel lesen Fr Regeneron (REGN), Sanofi (SNY) Present Praluent Phase 3 Data in Lowering LDL-C ► Artikel lesen Fr Jefferies hebt Ziel für Sanofi auf 78 Euro - 'Hold' Das Analysehaus Jefferies hat das Kursziel für Sanofi von 74 auf 78 Euro angehoben und die Einstufung auf "Hold" belassen. Die Wahl von Donald Trump zum künftigen US-Präsidenten dürfte für die... ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Bristol-Myers Drops to 2-Year Low as Cancer Drug Disappoints Naomi Kresge naomikresge Allison Connolly aconnollynews October 10, 2016 — 7:57 AM EDT Updated on October 10, 2016 — 10:56 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Results contrast with positive data from Merck’s Keytruda Bristol-Myers stock down as much as 10%, Merck rises Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. dropped to the lowest level in two years after its immune-based therapy Opdivo fell short of already low expectations in study results that throw into question whether the drug can help lung-cancer patients who’ve just been diagnosed. The results were in stark contrast to the performance of Merck & Co.’s Keytruda in a similar group of patients. Keytruda reduced the risk of death or cancer progression by 50 percent in a study, giving Merck a head start on all of its competitors in the race for the best new immune therapy against lung tumors, the most common cancer in the world. Bristol-Myers shares, which had already slumped 19 percent this year through Friday, fell 9 percent to $50.43 at 10:18 a.m. in New York. Merck gained 2.1 percent to $64.10. In results presented Sunday at the European Society for Medical Oncology meeting in Copenhagen, Opdivo data showed it wasn’t superior to chemotherapy even in patients with high levels of a protein called PD-L1, which is thought to be a predictor of how well the immune-system drugs will work. The data came from a detailed analysis of the Checkmate-26 study, whose main findings were released in August, causing Bristol-Myers’ stock to slump. Merck’s entire trial was designed around people with high PD-L1 levels, while Bristol-Myers tried to reach a wider range of patients. Bristol-Myers had already announced in August that Opdivo didn’t help the broader group. Sunday’s results showed the treatment didn’t aid the narrower group either. More Women The results were “below expectations,” wrote John Scotti, an analyst at Evercore ISI in New York. Imbalances in the trial, where more women and more people with high PD-L1 levels got chemotherapy, may have skewed the results, said Nick Botwood, the company’s development lead for lung cancer. “The study was designed to ask a very specific question at the 5 percent expression,” Botwood said during a conference call after the data presentation. “It wasn’t designed to ask a question at 50 percent.” He was referring to a measure of how prominent the PD-L1 biomarkers are in a patient’s cancer -- with 50 percent being considered a high level. Sam Fazeli, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence, said Bristol-Myers shouldn’t be written off just yet. “No one believes that Opdivo is dead in first-line,” Fazeli said in an e-mail. “It’s a drug that has worked in many settings. It’s just that the trial had so many aspects that apparently worked against it.” Merck and Bristol-Myers have been battling for dominance in the new field of immune-oncology, in which medicines are designed to boost the body’s own defenses against cancer. Both drugmakers’ medicines are already approved for people whose lung cancer got worse after initial treatment. The trials presented Sunday would form the basis for approval or rejection as an initial treatment in lung cancer, a much bigger group of potential patients, and could be good news for Merck. “With the right tactical moves, Merck can turn Keytruda into the broadest offering in lung cancer,” said Tim Anderson, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Cancer Merck & Co Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help

373725 3399 sfoglia le notizie ACCEDI REGISTRATI Utente Password Password dimenticata METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Chimica e Farmacia . Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual €1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual €1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award CHIMICA E FARMACIA Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 10/10/2016 12:50 DARMSTADT, Germany, October 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK- or UK-based media Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the recipients of the 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI), who will share a €1 million grant to progress their respective research initiatives. The winners were formally awarded yesterday evening at an award presentation coinciding with the 2016 annual European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark.      (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161006/415895 ) The three winning proposals, which focus on breast cancer, colorectal cancer and lung cancer, were selected from a total of 405 applications representing 49 countries, following a comprehensive review by an expert scientific steering committee made up of internationally renowned oncologists. The 2016 GOI winners are: "The Grant for Oncology Innovation is an example of Merck's commitment to scientific innovation in oncology. We are proud to support pioneering work that pushes the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation with a potential to improve the lives of cancer patients in the near-term future," said Dr Steven Hildemann, Global Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical and Safety at Merck´s Biopharma business. "We are honored to recognize these talented and inspiring researchers and to play a role in enabling these innovative projects to become a reality." These awards mark the third successful year for GOI. Every year, Merck offers grants totaling €1 million through the GOI program.  More information about the GOI can be found online at: http://www.grantforoncologyinnovation.org Merck is committed to rewarding innovation and new thinking that could further advance the field of medicine. To learn more about the variety of innovation grants that Merck offers, visit:   http://www.merckgroup.com/en/innovation/grants_awards_initiatives/innovation_grants_awards_initiatives.html *Secreted hominoid-specific oncogene (SHON), an estrogen-regulated gene. For further information and press materials please visit:http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Contact:Heike Schmiedt, +49-6151-72-7498      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Un giro sulla Stazione spaziale in un video in ultra HD Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Dal bollo auto ai neo papà: ecco le ultime novità dalla Manovra 2. Sesso lampo? Arriva l'addestramento per durare di più 3. Briatore a Saviano: "Ho fatto fortuna vincendo 7 titoli mondiali in F1, tu?" 4. Tredicesime a rischio per una piccola impresa su cinque 5. 'Carne infetta alla Conad': l'ultima bufala su Whatsapp Video L'Astroblogger, per Trump (Gemelli) inizio 2017 in salita Arriva l'acchiappa-auto, per fermare chi scappa dalla polizia I 'Martedì critici’ tornano in mostra con gli anni Zero fino al 2016 Missione umanitaria in Siria per 7 medici italiani Il cinema del futuro sbarca al Torino Film Festival Reaction Roma, al Macro Pelanda una videoinstallazione per raccontare la capitale Un giro sulla Stazione spaziale in un video in ultra HD Il recupero della capsula Orion, i test della Marina Usa Tutte le iniziative per la Giornata mondiale del diabete In Evidenza Ricerca personale Sviluppo Business - Settore medico-scientifico All'AdnKronos Museum le 'porte aperte' di Ramon Llinas I Vila contro la guerra /Foto 'Sei in un Paese meraviglioso' Ecomondo – la Fiera Internazionale del Recupero di Materiale ed Energia e dello Sviluppo Sostenibile Coca-Cola Hbc Italia-Autogrill-Banco Alimentare, 300mila pasti per famiglie in difficoltà Oli lubrificanti usati, il 99% avviato a riciclo In moto per l'ambiente: Coou all'Eicma per promuovere la raccolta di olii usati /Video In viaggio multisensoriale fra luoghi del gusto all'Artigiano in Fiera' Alimentazione e sicurezza alimentare Calcio, il campionato di Lega Pro si sintonizza su Rds /Video Piccinini (Inca Cgil): "Troppo poche denunce malattie professionali nei trasporti" Consorzio oli usati a Eicma con le gare di slot, 'In moto per l'ambiente' Indagine Regus, in Italia 'smart working' possibile per 5 mln di lavoratori /Video Simest: meno costosi e più snelli finanziamenti internazionalizzazione pmi Nuovi scenari nel trattamento del mieloma multiplo Meningite, parliamone prima Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro Tech Care. Dalla cura al prendersi cura Randstad Regional Award 2016 ENAV: una nuova storia tutta da raccontare Il Giubileo di Francesco /Speciale Adnkronos Speciale Incentivi Speciale Consulenza per il lavoro   Seguici 373725 3399 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 42-54 We set you thinking Sunday 13 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Asia Australia Americas Europe Middle East Africa Quirky World newstream World - 1479022876 World South Korean prosecutors to question president this week over political scandal: Yonhap 1479020946 China&India Australia’s Crown says China releases 1 of 18 detained casino employees 1479021373 Lifestyle CoverGirl signs its first ambassador in a hijab 1479021076 World Former air force commander tipped to win Bulgarian presidency 1479019809 Singapore No reason for US and S’pore defence ties to diminish: Ng Eng Hen 1479018960 Lifestyle Learning the art of people-watching in Singapore 1478868360 World India central bank attempts to calm fears around currency shortage 1479017817 World Eight dead in clashes between Myanmar army and militants in Rakhine 1479016802 Business South Korea prosecutors question heads of conglomerates in probe over political scandal: Yonhap 1479017033 World Australia's Crown says China releases one of 18 detained casino employees 1479015200 China&India As Delhi chokes, farmers defend scorched earth policy 1479016278 World Iraqi Kurds' destruction of Arab villages could be war crime: HRW 1479014269 World Venezuela government, opposition reach tentative deals in dialogue 1479014606 World Colombia, rebels agree revised peace deal to end 52-year war 1479004106 World Australia, U.S. announce refugee resettlement deal 1479007060 World Sting reopens Paris' Bataclan hall on anniversary of militant attack 1478993619 Business Honda plans to produce 80 business jets annually by March 2019 1479008421 Entertainment Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum 1479006360 Business U.S. banks' post-election rally may be just an appetizer 1478913656 World U.S. to push ahead on climate pact before Trump takes over: Kerry 1479003961 World Abe aims to underscore importance of Japan-U.S. alliance with Trump 1479003189 Lifestyle Diana Ser: Here’s how to ruin your painstakingly plotted family vacation 1478858760 World South Korea's Park faces calls to resign at huge protest rally 1478994016 Lifestyle Vive La France 1478865360 World Britain's Brexit firebrand Farage meets Trump in New York 1478997809 Business U.S. regulator has opened Audi investigation: Bild am Sonntag 1478994572 World Blast at Pakistan shrine kills 52, wounds scores 1478986508 Business Toyota to settle U.S. truck rust lawsuit for up to $3.4 billion 1478992590 World Moscow calling as Moldovans vote in presidential runoff 1478988278 World Vintage biplanes attempt Greece-South Africa imperial route 1478988775 Singapore PM Lee to attend leaders’ retreat with Jokowi 1478988000 World Turkey issues warning over travel to U.S. after Trump protests 1478982461 World Venetians pack their bags as tourism takes its toll 1478975725 World Iraqi army says advances in Mosul, despite suicide bombers 1478968912 World Taliban bomber kills four Americans at NATO base in Afghanistan 1478980473 Business Lego ends Daily Mail toy giveaway after protest on migrant coverage 1478982721 World Italy's Northern League leader Salvini says will run for PM 1478974360 World France condemns attack on NATO base in Afghanistan 1478970398 World Bangladesh retrieves a fifth of $81 million stolen in cyber heist 1478972810 World Islamic State victims suffer as evidence of chemical attacks grows 1478969600 World Ex-Congo rebel leader missing, gunfire erupts in border town 1478970335 World Islamic State claims Pakistan shrine attack that killed at least 25 people 1478968374 World Palestinian leadership tensions flare amid Arafat death anniversary 1478968318 World Syrian army and allies make gains in Aleppo 1478951500 World Philippine leader threatens tough measures to boost drugs war 1478965056 World Turkey halts activities of 370 groups as purge widens 1478960999 Business Ford to resume 24-hour shift in Brazil plant, paper says 1478959827 World Powerful tycoon sees Moldova sticking to EU path regardless of election outcome 1478958971 World Hundreds of Boko Haram fighters surrender in Chad: sources 1478957416 World Lung cancer treatment moves beyond chemotherapy Merck's Keytruda can reduce the risk of death or cancer progression by 50 per cent, the company said. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:05 PM, October 10, 2016 Updated: 6:09 PM, October 10, 2016 BERLIN — Lung cancer treatment is moving beyond chemotherapy, with Merck & Co setting the pace in a new category of therapies that harness the body’s immune system to fight tumours. The American company’s drug, Keytruda, reduced the risk of death or cancer progression by 50 per cent, Merck said, unveiling details of a crucial study at a meeting in Copenhagen of the European Society for Medical Oncology. The medicine gave patients an average of 10.3 months before their cancer progressed, compared with six months on chemotherapy. Unlike its competitor, Bristol-Myers Squibb, whose similar drug Opdivo failed in an advanced trial and caused its stock to plunge, Merck selected patients who harboured high levels of a protein that’s thought to predict how well the immune-system drugs will work. The results gave Merck a head start — and not just on Bristol-Myers. Roche Holding and AstraZeneca are also in the race for the best new immune therapy against lung tumours, the most common cancer in the world. Doctors will probably start testing patients soon after diagnosis to see whether they’re suited to treatment with Keytruda and can forgo the many side effects of chemotherapy, said Mr Stefan Zimmermann, a chief oncologist at the Cantonal Hospital of Fribourg, Switzerland. “The main reaction will actually be relief and renewed hope,” Mr Zimmermann said on Sunday (Oct 9) from the meeting. “We have been waiting for ways to ditch the good old chemotherapy that carries significant toxicity.” The United States’ Food and Drug Administration is set to decide by Dec 24 whether Keytruda, already approved for patients whose lung cancer got worse after chemotherapy, can be used as an initial treatment too. Some 224,000 Americans will probably be diagnosed with lung tumours this year, according to the National Cancer Institute. Much of the battle for dominance in lung immune-oncology drugs thus far has centred on whether patients need to show high levels of a protein called PD-L1 to benefit. Merck’s trial focused on patients whose tumours expressed PD-L1 at least half the time. That group could comprise as many as one-quarter of newly-diagnosed lung-cancer patients, said Mr Sam Fazeli, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. By contrast, Bristol-Myers’s competing therapy, Opdivo, failed a test as a sole treatment for lung cancer after the company included patients with lower levels of PD-L1. But details of the trial unveiled at the conference pointed to lacklustre results even in a narrower group of patients with high PD-L1 levels. “PD-L1 assessment has to be part of the standard diagnostic workup,” said Mr Corey Langer, director of the thoracic oncology program at the Abramson Cancer Center at the University of Pennsylvania. “Patients can’t wait for these results.” Mr Langer led a smaller trial of Merck’s Keytruda also presented in Copenhagen, which combined the drug with chemotherapy and also let in all patients, no matter their PD-L1 levels. The combination was almost twice as successful at shrinking lung cancer tumours than a standard chemotherapy regimen. But with just 123 patients, the trial was too small to say for sure whether the combination is better than immune therapy alone, Langer said. Roche also presented results showing its immune therapy contender, Tecentriq, helped patients whose lung tumours had already progressed. Tecentriq was approved by regulators in May for advanced bladder cancer, and Roche expects a ruling from the FDA in second-line lung cancer by the end of next week. However, results for newly-diagnosed patients aren’t expected before 2018. By then, Mr Fazeli said, investors will be focusing on combination therapies. The first results from two immune therapies used together will probably come next year from AstraZeneca. Bristol-Myers is also working on such a combination, with data due out in 2018. Like Merck, Roche is combining its immune-oncology drug with chemotherapy, aiming for approval in 2018. “Given the data you see here with Keytruda alone, the combinations should by logic and by data seem to do better,” Mr Fazeli said. BLOOMBERG mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most World READ COMMENTED ‘Zombie’ birds fall from sky in Moscow ‘You’re fat’ card prompts London police action ‘Wrong way down the highway’ driver arrested after US crash that killed six ‘Worse than loan sharks’, Pua says of 1MDB paying US$993m for US$3.5b bond guarantee ‘World’s longest flight’ lands in Auckland ‘Lack of resources’ behind The Brunei Times’ sudden closure ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests Zuckerberg sure fake news on Facebook did not sway election Zimbabwe court drops charges against hunter who helped kill Cecil the lion You’re hired: Trump trumps the competition Yemeni govt troops kill 30 al Qaeda suspects in south Yemen Year-old Paris attack probe sights new suspect, but mastermind elusive World Bank probe into Tata tea project finds it failed to protect Indian workers World about to learn what the ‘ultimate pragmatist’ really believes World about to learn what the ‘ultimate pragmatist’ really believes Inside Today World - South Korean prosecutors to question president this week over political scandal: Yonhap Former air force commander tipped to win Bulgarian presidency India central bank attempts to calm fears around currency shortage South Korea prosecutors question heads of conglomerates in probe over political scandal: Yonhap Business South Korea prosecutors question heads of conglomerates in probe over political scandal: Yonhap Honda plans to produce 80 business jets annually by March 2019 U.S. regulator has opened Audi investigation: Bild am Sonntag Toyota to settle U.S. truck rust lawsuit for up to $3.4 billion Lego ends Daily Mail toy giveaway after protest on migrant coverage Sports Local MMA fighters do Singapore proud at ONE: Defending Honor S’pore’s junior shuttlers edged out at world meet Wenger says fielding injured Sanchez would be a suicidal move Goal-shy Lions hope to find scoring boots in time for Suzuki Cup Community engagement key in Sports Hub’s efforts to entice S’poreans Entertainment Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests New NLB free app offers unlimited downloads for selected titles The cheat sheet to French films Leonard Cohen, writer of 'Hallelujah', dead at age 82 About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
BiotechInvesting News Your trusted source for investing success Biotech Member? Login Menu Daily News Resource Investing Precious Metals Gold Silver Platinum Palladium Base Metals Copper Nickel Iron Lead Zinc Critical Metals Graphite Tungsten Tantalum Scandium Cobalt Magnesium Manganese Tellurium Rare Earth Industrial Metals Molybendum Coal Tin Aluminum Vanadium Chromium Energy Uranium Oil Gas Oil and Gas Lithium Gem Diamond Agriculture Potash Phosphate Cannabis About Resource Investing Technology Investing 3D Printing Cleantech Cloud Data Cybersecurity Fintech Graphene Mobile Web Nanotech About Technology Investing Life Science Investing Biotech Pharmaceutical Medical Device Genetics About Life Science Investing Free Investor Reports Resource Free Reports Technology Free Reports Life Science Free Reports 2016 Outlook Free Reports Stocks Resource Investing Technology Investing Life Science Investing CEO Interviews Pharmaceutical Investing Pfizer Presents Promising New Immunotherapy Combination Data With INLYTA® In Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma « 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stoc… Mylan Reaches $465 Millio… » Chelsea Pratt • October 10, 2016 Add Comment Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) today announced data from an ongoing, investigational Phase 1b study of INLYTA® (axitinib) combined with the checkpoint inhibitor pembrolizumab (A4061079, NCT02133742), a PD-1 inhibitor known as KEYTRUDA® and marketed by Merck, known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, in treatment-naïve patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC). The study was designed to establish dosing and evaluate the safety and anti-tumor activity of INLYTA when combined with pembrolizumab in first-line treatment of advanced RCC. Preliminary results from a similar, separate study combining INLYTA with avelumab (JAVELIN Renal 100, NCT02493751), an investigational, fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody that is being co-developed by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer were also presented. The data suggest evidence of anti-tumor activity for INLYTA in combination with avelumab and were presented during a poster discussion session at the ESMO 2016 Congress, the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology being held in Copenhagen, Denmark. Based on these Phase 1 results, two independent global Phase 3 trials evaluating these combinations – INLYTA plus pembrolizumab and INLYTA plus avelumab – each compared with SUTENT® (sunitinib) in first-line advanced RCC are now enrolling patients. “Combining immunotherapy agents with currently approved therapies such as INLYTA may provide a meaningful improvement in outcome for patients with renal cancer,” said Chris Boshoff, M.D., Ph.D., head of immuno-oncology, early development and translational oncology, Pfizer Global Product Development. “The results presented today indicate that there is a potential additive or synergistic effect between INLYTA and a checkpoint inhibitor in RCC.” Early indicators from the A4061079 study point to strong response rates with the INLYTA/pembrolizumab combination, with 37 patients (71.2%, confidence internal 56.9, 82.9) achieving objective responses (three complete responses and 34 partial responses); 10 patients had stable disease and 5 patients had disease progression. Separately, in the JAVELIN Renal 100 study of INLYTA in combination with avelumab, five out of six patients treated so far had confirmed partial responses (objective response rate 83.3%, 95% confidence interval: 35.9, 99.6) and one patient with tumor shrinkage not meeting partial response criteria had stable disease. INLYTA is an oral vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptor inhibitor for the treatment of patients with advanced RCC after failure of one prior systemic therapy approved in 63 countries. It was the first treatment to demonstrate superior progression-free survival benefit in a Phase 3 study versus sorafenib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, in second-line treatment of advanced RCC. About Avelumab Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody. By inhibiting PD-L1 interactions, avelumab is thought to enable the activation of T-cells and the adaptive immune system. By retaining a native Fc-region, avelumab is thought to potentially engage the innate immune system and induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC). In November 2014, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. About INLYTA® (axitinib) INLYTA is an oral therapy that is designed to inhibit tyrosine kinases, including vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors 1, 2 and 3; these receptors can influence tumor growth, vascular angiogenesis and progression of cancer (the spread of tumors). In the U.S., INLYTA is approved for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) after failure of one prior systemic therapy. INLYTA is also approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for use in the EU in adult patients with advanced RCC after failure of prior treatment with sunitinib or a cytokine. INLYTA Important Safety Information Hypertension including hypertensive crisis has been observed. Blood pressure should be well controlled prior to initiating INLYTA. Monitor for hypertension and treat as needed. For persistent hypertension, despite use of antihypertensive medications, reduce the dose. Discontinue INLYTA if hypertension is severe and persistent despite use of antihypertensive therapy and dose reduction of INLYTA, and discontinuation should be considered if there is evidence of hypertensive crisis. Arterial and venous thrombotic events have been observed and can be fatal. Use with caution in patients who are at increased risk or who have a history of these events. Hemorrhagic events, including fatal events, have been reported. INLYTA has not been studied in patients with evidence of untreated brain metastasis or recent active gastrointestinal bleeding and should not be used in those patients. If any bleeding requires medical intervention, temporarily interrupt the INLYTA dose. Cardiac failure has been observed and can be fatal. Monitor for signs or symptoms of cardiac failure throughout treatment with INLYTA. Management of cardiac failure may require permanent discontinuation of INLYTA. Gastrointestinal perforation and fistula, including death, have occurred. Use with caution in patients at risk for gastrointestinal perforation or fistula. Monitor for symptoms of gastrointestinal perforation or fistula periodically throughout treatment. Hypothyroidism requiring thyroid hormone replacement has been reported. Monitor thyroid function before initiation of, and periodically throughout, treatment. No formal studies of the effect of INLYTA on wound healing have been conducted. Stop INLYTA at least 24 hours prior to scheduled surgery. Reversible Posterior Leukoencephalopathy Syndrome (RPLS) has been observed. If signs or symptoms occur, permanently discontinue treatment. Monitor for proteinuria before initiation of, and periodically throughout, treatment. For moderate to severe proteinuria, reduce the dose or temporarily interrupt treatment. Liver enzyme elevation has been observed during treatment with INLYTA. Monitor ALT, AST, and bilirubin before initiation of, and periodically throughout, treatment. For patients with moderate hepatic impairment, the starting dose should be decreased. INLYTA has not been studied in patients with severe hepatic impairment. Women of childbearing potential should be advised of potential hazard to the fetus and to avoid becoming pregnant while receiving INLYTA. Avoid strong CYP3A4/5 inhibitors. If unavoidable, reduce the dose. Grapefruit or grapefruit juice may also increase INLYTA plasma concentrations and should be avoided. Avoid strong CYP3A4/5 inducers and, if possible, avoid moderate CYP3A4/5 inducers. The most common (≥20%) adverse events (AEs) occurring in patients receiving INLYTA (all grades, vs sorafenib) were diarrhea (55% vs 53%), hypertension (40% vs 29%), fatigue (39% vs 32%), decreased appetite (34% vs 29%), nausea (32% vs 22%), dysphonia (31% vs 14%), hand-foot syndrome (27% vs 51%), weight decreased (25% vs 21%), vomiting (24% vs 17%), asthenia (21% vs 14%), and constipation (20% vs 20%). The most common (≥10%) grade 3/4 AEs occurring in patients receiving INLYTA (vs sorafenib) were hypertension (16% vs 11%), diarrhea (11% vs 7%), and fatigue (11% vs 5%). The most common (≥20%) lab abnormalities occurring in patients receiving INLYTA (all grades, vs sorafenib) included increased creatinine (55% vs 41%), decreased bicarbonate (44% vs 43%), hypocalcemia (39% vs 59%), decreased hemoglobin (35% vs 52%), decreased lymphocytes (absolute) (33% vs 36%), increased ALP (30% vs 34%), hyperglycemia (28% vs 23%), increased lipase (27% vs 46%), increased amylase (25% vs 33%), increased ALT (22% vs 22%), and increased AST (20% vs 25%). For more information and full Prescribing Information, visit www.pfizer.com. About Pfizer Oncology Pfizer Oncology is committed to pursuing innovative treatments that have a meaningful impact on those living with cancer. As a leader in oncology speeding cures and accessible breakthrough medicines to patients, Pfizer Oncology is helping to redefine life with cancer. Our strong pipeline of biologics, small molecules and immunotherapies, one of the most robust in the industry, is studied with precise focus on identifying and translating the best scientific breakthroughs into clinical application for patients across a wide range of cancers. By working collaboratively with academic institutions, individual researchers, cooperative research groups, governments and licensing partners, Pfizer Oncology strives to cure or control cancer with its breakthrough medicines. Pfizer Oncology knows that success in oncology is not measured solely by the medicines you manufacture, but rather by the meaningful partnerships you make to have a more positive impact on people’s lives. Learn more about how Pfizer Oncology is applying innovative approaches to improve the outlook for people living with cancer at http://www.pfizer.com/research/therapeutic_areas/oncology. Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier worldTM At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of healthcare products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world’s best-known consumer healthcare products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world’s premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, Pfizer has worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. For more information, please visit us at www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @Pfizer_News, LinkedIn, YouTube, and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. DISCLOSURE NOTICE: The information contained in this release is as of October 9, 2016. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about INLYTA (axitinib), including a potential indication for INLYTA in combination with pembrolizumab (A4061079, NCT02133742) for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and a potential indication for INLYTA in combination with avelumab (MSB0010718C) for the treatment of advanced RCC, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with preliminary data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any jurisdictions for any potential indications for the combination therapies; whether and when any such applications may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the combination therapies; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results,” as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com. According to the World Health Organization, "the pharmaceutical industry is expected to go from $300billion to $400billion within the next 3 years." Click here to download a FREE INN Insider’s Report on the best investment opportunities, trends and strategies for pharmaceutical investing. Get the Latest Biotech Investing Stock Information Get the latest information about companies associated with Biotech Investing delivered directly to your inbox. Biotech Laguna BlendsNaturally Splendid EnterprisesQ BioMedRespireRx PharmaceuticalsSelect All Select None By selecting company or companies above, you are giving consent to receive email from those companies. And remember you can unsubscribe at any time. According to the World Health Organization, "the pharmaceutical industry is expected to go from $300billion to $400billion within the next 3 years." Click here to download a FREE INN Insider’s Report on the best investment opportunities, trends and strategies for pharmaceutical investing. Return to the Biotech Investing Index Article Meta Data « 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stoc… Mylan Reaches $465 Millio… » Related Posts Investing in Pharmaceutical Companies: Pharmaceutical News, and Top Pharmaceutical Stocks to Buy Now Big Pharma Wins with the Defeat of Prop 61 Trump Victory Is a Win for Pharma and Biotech Stocks What You Need to Know About Proposition 61 5 Biggest Pharmaceutical Companies by Market Cap Tags biologics, biopharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical companies, Canada, cancer, clinical data, clinical trial, data, EMA, ESMO, ESMO 2016, EU, germany, healthcare, immuno-oncology, immunotherapy, inc, liver, medications, merck, October, oncology, partnerships, pfizer, pipeline, product candidate, renal cell carcinoma, Reports, research, SEC, Twitter, united states, vaccines, zinc supply. Comments Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email (will not be published) (required) Comment Markets Top Resource Stories David Morgan: Gold and Silver Und... 4,018 views Gold Price Dips Post-Election Res... 1,317 views Gold in an Election Year 1,268 views 5 Top TSX Stocks: Exchange Falls ... 959 views Donald Trump Wins US Presidency B... 711 views 10 Top Silver Stocks on the TSXV 658 views Top Technology Stories Trump Win Affects Tech for The Wo... 342 views Tesla’s New Solar Roof Pane... 321 views Graphene 3D Lab New Graphene/Carb... 194 views Top Cloud Security Companies 186 views Cleantech Investing Facts 165 views 5 Top NASDAQ Tech Stocks: Actua C... 125 views Top Life Science Stories Trump Victory Is a Win for Pharma... 1,120 views 5 Biggest Pharmaceutical Companie... 294 views 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stocks: AveX... 265 views What You Need to Know About Propo... 259 views Big Pharma Wins with the Defeat o... 211 views Top Genetics News Stories of 2016 123 views Most Popular Stocks Mettrum Health 298 views Advantage Lithium 235 views Galaxy Resources 200 views Kushtown USA 175 views Naturally Splendid Enterprises 144 views Bullfrog Gold 129 views Tweets by @INN_LifeScience Download Free Reports Resource Investing Resource Forecast 2016 – Expert Opinions Covering Precious Metals, Energy, Critical Metals, and More Gold Trends 2015 and Gold Outlook 2016 Key: Highlights for Investors Base Metals in 2016: Opinions from Experts and CEO’s Lithium in 2016: Stocks, Prices, Analysts and CEO’s Graphite Investing And Graphite Stocks To Buy “Copper Market Outlook and Copper Companies 2016″ Rare Earth Expert Interviews And Rare Earth Stocks To Buy Lithium Forecast & Lithium Stocks To Buy Potash Stocks and Potash News: Agriculture Investing Opportunities Critical Metals Price Forecast And Stocks To Watch Silver Demand Forecast and Silver Stocks To Buy Potash Market Report: Prices, Production And Trends Uranium Price Forecasts and Top Uranium Stocks to Watch Why Invest in Platinum Stocks? What the Future Could Hold for Lonmin, the AMCU and South African Platinum Production Base Metal Prices And Investing Opportunities Investing in Tungsten: Tungsten Price, Tungsten Demand and Tungsten Companies at a Glance Zinc Market Outlook Coal Price Forecast: Types of Coal, Coal Prices and Coal Stocks Forecasting the Oil Price: Investing Wisely in the Top Oil Producing Countries Palladium Price Forecast: Palladium Investments and Opportunities Investing in Medical Cannabis – Information about Cannabis and Legal Cannabis Stocks Investing in Stornoway Diamonds or Other Canadian Diamond Mines – Beyond the Diamond Price Calculator “Gold Prices In 2016″ Who is Kitco? to US Mint: Sold Out! – Top Articles from Resource Investing News Gold Trends 2015 and Gold Outlook 2016 Key: Highlights for Investors Lithium in 2016: Stocks, Prices, Analysts and CEO’s Resource Forecast 2016 – Expert Opinions Covering Precious Metals, Energy, Critical Metals, and More Industrial Metals in 2016: Oversupply in Several Markets, but Not All Base Metals in 2016: Opinions from Experts and CEO’s Energy Investing Outlook: Moving Away from Carbon? Agriculture Investing Opportunities: Forecast for 2016 Precious Metals Outlook: CEO’s, Analysts on Gold, Silver, Platinum and Palladium Critical Metals Outlook: The Potential for 2016 Copper Price Forecast, Trends, and Predictions – Understanding Today’s Copper Price From LME Copper to Copper ETFs Who is Kitco? to US Mint: Sold Out! – Top Articles from Resource Investing News Gold Prices 2016 Investing in Lithium Stocks Post Rockwood Lithium Free Lithium Investing Newsletter Free Uranium Investing Newsletter Life Science Investing Life Science Investing Primer – Finding More Opportunities like Medtronic, Ariad Pharmaceuticals and Pharmacyte. Investing in Pharmaceutical Companies: Pharmaceutical News, and Top Pharmaceutical Stocks to Buy Now Everything You Need to Know About Biotech Investing News From the Top Biotech Companies to the Best Biotech Stocks Life Science & Healthcare Investing in 2016 Tech Investing Understanding Bitcoins: From Bitcoin Mining to the Bitcoin Rate What is Nanotechnology? Nanotech Applications and Nanotech Investing Investing in Graphene Companies: Graphene Cost, Graphene Properties and Graphene Market 3D Printing Market Outlook And 3D Printing Stocks To Buy Tech Forecast And Promising Tech Stocks To Buy In 2016 & 2017 Cleantech Investing: What Clean Technology Investors Need to Know Technology Investing in 2016: Trends and Outlooks for Successful Technology Investing Browse Topics Resource Investing Agriculture Investing Cannabis Investing Phosphate Investing Potash Investing Base Metals Investing Copper Investing Iron Investing Lead Investing Nickel Investing Zinc Investing Critical Metals Investing Cobalt Investing Graphite Investing Magnesium Investing Manganese Investing Rare Earth Investing Scandium Investing Tantalum Investing Tellurium Investing Tungsten Investing Energy Investing Gas Investing Lithium Investing Oil and Gas Investing Oil Investing Uranium Investing Gem Investing Diamond Investing Industrial Metals Investing Aluminum Investing Chromium Investing Coal Investing Molybdenum Investing Tin Investing Vanadium Investing Precious Metals Investing Gold Investing Palladium Investing Platinum Investing Silver Investing Tech Investing 3D Printing Investing App Investing Cleantech Investing Cloud Investing Cybersecurity Investing Data Investing Fintech Investing Graphene Investing Mobile Web Investing Nanotech Investing Life Science Investing Biotech Investing Genetics Investing Longevity Investing Medical Device Investing Pharmaceutical Investing Featured Stocks RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Novel Medicines for Respiratory Diseases Laguna Blends Q BioMedView All Featured Stocks   Enter Your Log In Credentials Email Password Remember Me Lost your password? Create New Password No password? Sign up × Privacy & Legal Policy This website is part of the Investing News Network published by Dig Media Inc. Overview Contact Information Information Collected Ad Server Information Use Remarketing Future Use Accessing Your Data Security Your Acceptance of These Terms Overview INN's mission is to be the world's number one source of independent, unbiased news and education helping investors realized their financial goals. We also strive to be internationally respected for our integrity, our people and our commitment to excellence. Therefore, we are very concerned with the privacy rights of our audience and are committed to protecting the information collected about you.We have taken extensive measures to protect the confidentiality of your personal information and to protect your data from misuse and unauthorized access or disclosure. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, Dig Media cannot ensure or warrant the security of the information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Contact Information Our postal address is L200 - 560 Beatty Street, Vancouver, BC V6B 2L3 We can be reached via e-mail at info@digmediasolutions.com or telephone at +1-604-688-8231 Information Collected For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number. The information we collect is used to notify visitors about updates to our website, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact visitors for marketing purposes. With respect to cookies: When you visit our websites, we send one or more cookies, a small file containing a string of characters, to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser during your visit. We use these cookies to maintain your connection as you move from page to page, and to ensure anything you submit, such as a comment or a form, is not rejected. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Ad Server With respect to Ad Servers: Other third-party companies which place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of their cookies or other tracking technologies, which may include delivering targeted advertisements and marketing messages based upon the third party websites that you visit, or other purposes. We cannot control this collection of information and are not responsible for the privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices of these third party advertisers. You should contact these third party advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect from you. Google-DoubleClick DFP is our third party ad server. If you would like to know more about their information gathering practices and opt-out procedures, please see Google ad policies. Also, if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see NAI Opt-out Options. Information Use We only share personal information with other companies or individuals outside of the cases outlined above in the following limited circumstances: We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information. We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Dig Media, its users or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually. Remarketing We may remarket your information. Remarketing is a way for us to connect with users, based upon your past interactions with INN websites. Third-party marketing vendors may be hired by INN to perform remarketing services. As a result, third-party vendors, including Google, may show INN ads on sites on the internet. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to INN websites. To opt out of customized Google Display Network ads click here. To find out more about how Google uses any data it collects please visit http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. Any information collected is used only for remarketing purposes and will not be used by them for any other purpose. Future Use From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically. Accessing Your Data Please contact us at the address above for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to communications that the visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. Visitors can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Visitors can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address. Security With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. Your Acceptance of These Terms By using this site, or by submitting personal information to us, you signify your agreement to Dig Media's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. From time to time we may change or update our piracy policies. It is your responsibility to check back regularly to inform yourself of such changes. Your continued use of this or any Dig Media website following the posting of changes to these terms will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes. The foregoing policies are in effect as of August 1, 2012. Dig media reserves the right to change this policy statement at any time by posting the revised policy to this website. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number. × Manage Account About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Stocks Author Index Keyword Index Browse Topics Advertise Free Reports Events Glossary Press Releases Copyright 2016 © Dig Media Inc. Investing News Network Daily News Resource Investing Precious Metals Gold Silver Platinum Palladium Back Base Metals Copper Nickel Iron Lead Zinc Back Critical Metals Graphite Tungsten Tantalum Scandium Cobalt Magnesium Manganese Tellurium Rare Earth Back Industrial Metals Molybendum Coal Tin Aluminum Vanadium Chromium Back Energy Uranium Oil Gas Oil and Gas Lithium Back Gem Diamond Back Agriculture Potash Phosphate Cannabis Back About Resource Investing Back Technology Investing 3D Printing Cleantech Cloud Data Back Cybersecurity Fintech Graphene Mobile Web Nanotech About Technology Investing Back Life Science Investing Biotech Pharmaceutical Medical Device Genetics About Life Science Investing Back Free Investor Reports Resource Free Reports Technology Free Reports Life Science Free Reports 2016 Outlook Free Reports Back Stocks Resource Investing Technology Investing Life Science Investing CEO Interviews Back
Startseite Blaulicht Abo Über Empfohlene Themen Auto / Verkehr People Gesundheit / Medizin Medien / Kultur Politik Tourismus / Urlaub Weitere Themen Bau / Immobilien Fashion / Beauty Finanzen Handel Netzwelt Panorama Presseschau Soziales Sport Umwelt Wirtschaft Wissen / Bildung Meldungen filtern Alle Meldungen Bilder Land/Sprache Schweiz Deutsch Deutschland Suisse Français MELDUNG EINSTELLEN Abonnieren Sie Ihre Themen mit der Presseportal-App. Merck KGaA Newsroom-Abo Schließen Abonnieren Sie alle Meldungen von Merck KGaA 10.10.2016 – 08:10 Merck KGaA Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual EUR1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award Darmstadt, Germany (ots/PRNewswire) - Not intended for UK- or UK-based media - Grant established by Merck recognizes pioneering research in 
  personalized treatment of solid tumors 
- Winners selected by internationally renowned oncologists from 405 
  applications representing 49 countries   Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the recipients of the 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI), who will share a EUR1 million grant to progress their respective research initiatives. The winners were formally awarded yesterday evening at an award presentation coinciding with the 2016 annual European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark. (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161006/415895 ) The three winning proposals, which focus on breast cancer, colorectal cancer and lung cancer, were selected from a total of 405 applications representing 49 countries, following a comprehensive review by an expert scientific steering committee made up of internationally renowned oncologists. The 2016 GOI winners are: - Alberto Bardelli, University of Torino, Italy, for his proposal: 
  'Heterogeneity and clonal evolution as a therapeutic opportunity 
  for colorectal cancers'
- Enriqueta Felip, Vall d'Hebron Institute of Oncology, Spain, for 
  her proposal: 'New technologies for new treatments: liquid biopsy 
  meets immunotherapy'
- Dr Dongxu Liu, Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand for 
  his proposal: 'How does SHON* expression in tumors determine the 
  efficacy of endocrine therapy in breast cancer?' "The Grant for Oncology Innovation is an example of Merck's commitment to scientific innovation in oncology. We are proud to support pioneering work that pushes the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation with a potential to improve the lives of cancer patients in the near-term future," said Dr Steven Hildemann, Global Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical and Safety at Merck´s Biopharma business. "We are honored to recognize these talented and inspiring researchers and to play a role in enabling these innovative projects to become a reality." These awards mark the third successful year for GOI. Every year, Merck offers grants totaling EUR1 million through the GOI program. More information about the GOI can be found online at: http://www.grantforoncologyinnovation.org Merck is committed to rewarding innovation and new thinking that could further advance the field of medicine. To learn more about the variety of innovation grants that Merck offers, visit: http://www.merckgroup.com/en/innovation/grants_awards_initiatives/innovation_grants_awards_initiatives.html *Secreted hominoid-specific oncogene (SHON), an estrogen-regulated gene. For further information and press materials please visit:http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Contact: Heike Schmiedt, +49-6151-72-7498 (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO )  Original-Content von: Merck KGaA, übermittelt durch news aktuell Themen in dieser Meldung Biotechnologie Medizin Wirtschaft Pharmaindustrie Gesundheit Weitere Meldungen: Merck KGaA 10.10.2016 – 08:15 Merck KGaA Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Announces Recipients of Third Annual EUR1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award 06.10.2016 – 04:00 Merck KGaA Merck weiht neues, hochmodernes M Lab(TM)-Kunden-Kooperationszentrum in Südkorea ein 28.09.2016 – 08:33 Merck KGaA Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany to Present New Research Focused on Hard-to-Treat Cancers at ESMO 2016 Das könnte Sie auch interessieren: Effektive IT-Strategie ist im Gesundheitswesen ein Muss STIHL TIMBERSPORTS® Weltmeisterschaft 2016 in Stuttgart / Das Holz, aus dem Weltmeister geschnitzt sind Neuer SKODA KODIAQ ab sofort bestellbar BLOGPOST: Länge der Headline einer Pressemitteilung: 100 Zeichen Robbie Williams: "Wir haben dieses unglaubliche Haus in Beverly Hills. Ich habe oft das Gefühl, dass mich nur irgendein reicher Onkel dort wohnen lässt." New York, New York - Die Geissens im Hotel bei Donald Trump ARD Hörspieltage: Robert Wilsons "Tower of Babel" holt Deutschen Hörspielpreis der ARD / Preis für die beste schauspielerische Leistung an Birte Schnöink und Christian Löber Oliver Pocher zieht für sein Bundesland Niedersachsen als Favorit ins Halbfinale der ProSieben-Show "Deutschland tanzt" ein Raus aus der Bubble: Erster dpa-Hackathon mit bemerkenswerten Ergebnissen Die Presseportal App Mit news aktuell erreichen Sie immer die richtigen Menschen Unser Verbreitungsnetzwerk ots sorgt für optimale Reichweite und Relevanz. Mit news aktuell erreichen Sie immer die richtigen Menschen Unsere Mediendatenbank zimpel bietet immer die richtigen Ansprechpartner in den Redaktionen. Impressum Inhalte abonnieren Kontakt Nutzungsrechte Textversion Jobs Mediadaten Sitemap API Newsrooms A-Z Feeds Datenschutz
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual €1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award News provided by Merck Oct 10, 2016, 02:07 ET Share this article DARMSTADT, Germany, October 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK- or UK-based media Grant established by Merck recognizes pioneering research in personalized treatment of solid tumors  Winners selected by internationally renowned oncologists from 405 applications representing 49 countries   Continue Reading 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation award winners (PRNewsFoto/Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany) Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the recipients of the 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI), who will share a €1 million grant to progress their respective research initiatives. The winners were formally awarded yesterday evening at an award presentation coinciding with the 2016 annual European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark.      (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161006/415895 ) The three winning proposals, which focus on breast cancer, colorectal cancer and lung cancer, were selected from a total of 405 applications representing 49 countries, following a comprehensive review by an expert scientific steering committee made up of internationally renowned oncologists. The 2016 GOI winners are: Alberto Bardelli, University of Torino, Italy, for his proposal: 'Heterogeneity and clonal evolution as a therapeutic opportunity for colorectal cancers' Enriqueta Felip, Vall d'Hebron Institute of Oncology, Spain, for her proposal: 'New technologies for new treatments: liquid biopsy meets immunotherapy' Dr Dongxu Liu, Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand for his proposal: 'How does SHON* expression in tumors determine the efficacy of endocrine therapy in breast cancer?' "The Grant for Oncology Innovation is an example of Merck's commitment to scientific innovation in oncology. We are proud to support pioneering work that pushes the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation with a potential to improve the lives of cancer patients in the near-term future," said Dr Steven Hildemann, Global Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical and Safety at Merck´s Biopharma business. "We are honored to recognize these talented and inspiring researchers and to play a role in enabling these innovative projects to become a reality." These awards mark the third successful year for GOI. Every year, Merck offers grants totaling €1 million through the GOI program.  More information about the GOI can be found online at: http://www.grantforoncologyinnovation.org Merck is committed to rewarding innovation and new thinking that could further advance the field of medicine. To learn more about the variety of innovation grants that Merck offers, visit:   http://www.merckgroup.com/en/innovation/grants_awards_initiatives/innovation_grants_awards_initiatives.html *Secreted hominoid-specific oncogene (SHON), an estrogen-regulated gene. For further information and press materials please visit:http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Contact: Heike Schmiedt, +49-6151-72-7498      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) SOURCE Merck Oct 19, 2016, 10:00 ET Preview: Sportscaster Derrin Horton Joins the Effort to Support Clinical Trials for Alzheimer's in the Los Angeles Basin Oct 06, 2016, 17:18 ET Preview: Merck dévoile un nouveau M Lab™ Collaboration Center de pointe en Corée My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 11, 2016, 14:19 ETMerck gana el R&D 100 Award por una invención superior Nov 11, 2016, 10:55 ETMerck remporte un prix R&D 100 pour son innovation Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Awards You just read: Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual €1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award News provided by Merck Oct 10, 2016, 02:07 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MERCK KGAA AKTIE»Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual €1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award MERCK KGAA 94,87  Euro -0,64 -0,67 % WKN: 659990  ISIN: DE0006599905 Ticker-Symbol: MRK  Xetra | 11.11.16 | 17:35 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktDAX-30 Prime Standard DAX International 100 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 94,81 95,32 13.11. 94,80 95,15 11.11. 10.10.2016 | 08:10 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual €1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award DARMSTADT, Germany, October 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK- or UK-based media Grant established by Merck recognizes pioneering research in personalized treatment of solid tumors Winners selected by internationally renowned oncologists from 405 applications representing 49 countries Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the recipients of the 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI), who will share a €1 million grant to progress their respective research initiatives. The winners were formally awarded yesterday evening at an award presentation coinciding with the 2016 annual European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark. (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161006/415895 ) The three winning proposals, which focus on breast cancer, colorectal cancer and lung cancer, were selected from a total of 405 applications representing 49 countries, following a comprehensive review by an expert scientific steering committee made up of internationally renowned oncologists. The 2016 GOI winners are: Alberto Bardelli, University of Torino, Italy, for his proposal: 'Heterogeneity and clonal evolution as a therapeutic opportunity for colorectal cancers' Enriqueta Felip, Vall d'Hebron Institute of Oncology, Spain, for her proposal: 'New technologies for new treatments: liquid biopsy meets immunotherapy' Dr Dongxu Liu, Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand for his proposal: 'How does SHON* expression in tumors determine the efficacy of endocrine therapy in breast cancer?' "The Grant for Oncology Innovation is an example of Merck's commitment to scientific innovation in oncology. We are proud to support pioneering work that pushes the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation with a potential to improve the lives of cancer patients in the near-term future," said Dr Steven Hildemann, Global Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical and Safety at Merck's Biopharma business. "We are honored to recognize these talented and inspiring researchers and to play a role in enabling these innovative projects to become a reality." These awards mark the third successful year for GOI. Every year, Merck offers grants totaling €1 million through the GOI program. More information about the GOI can be found online at: http://www.grantforoncologyinnovation.org Merck is committed to rewarding innovation and new thinking that could further advance the field of medicine. To learn more about the variety of innovation grants that Merck offers, visit: http://www.merckgroup.com/en/innovation/grants_awards_initiatives/innovation_grants_awards_initiatives.html *Secreted hominoid-specific oncogene (SHON), an estrogen-regulated gene. For further information and press materials please visit:http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Contact: Heike Schmiedt, +49-6151-72-7498 (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu MERCK KGAA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Fr Morgan Stanley belässt Merck KGaA auf 'Equal-weight' Die US-Investmentbank Morgan Stanley hat die Einstufung für Merck KGaA vor Zahlen auf "Equal-weight" mit einem Kursziel von 103 Euro belassen. Er rechne damit, dass der Umsatz im dritten Quartal... ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck gewinnt R&D 100 Award für führende Innovationen ausgezeichnet -- Sanger Arrayed Lentiviral CRISPR Libraries ausgezeichnet in Kategorie Analyse/Tests Darmstadt (ots/PRNewswire) - Merck (http://www.merckgroup.com/de/index.html), ein führendes Wissenschafts-... ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck KGaA Receives $59.60 Consensus PT from Analysts ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck-Aktie steuert nach US-Wahl wieder auf Allzeithoch zu - Chartanalyse Paris - Merck-Aktie steuert nach US-Wahl wieder auf Allzeithoch zu - Chartanalyse Die Analysten der BNP Paribas nehmen in einer aktuellen Chartanalyse die Aktie des Darmstädter Pharmakonzerns Merck... ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck Wins R&D 100 Award for Top Invention - Sanger Arrayed Lentiviral CRISPR Libraries wins in Analytical/Test category DARMSTADT, Germany, Nov. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, received a prestigious... ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 9:50 P.M. ET Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 8:44 P.M. ET Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie 8:29 P.M. ET Trump-branded properties are poised for a rebound 8:16 P.M. ET ISIS urges truck attacks, says Thanksgiving Day Parade an ‘excellent target’ 7:49 P.M. ET May to say U.K. will pursue free trade while protecting workers at home 7:40 P.M. ET Japan's economy surged forward in Q3 7:36 P.M. ET Look up tonight to see the biggest supermoon in 68 years 6:53 P.M. ET EU vows to work with Trump administration while standing firm on key issues 6:41 P.M. ET Facebook stops allowing ads to target specific ethnic groups 6:32 P.M. ET Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 6:28 P.M. ET Updated Pro-Russian presidential candidates win in Bulgaria, Moldova 5:55 P.M. ET Experts forecast rising GDP, inflation and risks 5:52 P.M. ET VW, Audi confirm probe into Audi emissions 5:09 P.M. ET Blockbuster deals would make AMC No. 1 theater chain in world 5:00 P.M. ET Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 4:54 P.M. ET Paul Ryan likely to remain House Speaker 4:41 P.M. ET Updated Trump names RNC head Reince Priebus as chief of staff 4:31 P.M. ET Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 2:15 P.M. ET My mother-in-law is being bled dry by her incarcerated brother 1:15 P.M. ET The Secret to Successful Mole Catching Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual €1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award By Published: Oct 10, 2016 2:07 a.m. ET Share DARMSTADT, Germany, October 10, 2016 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- DARMSTADT, Germany, October 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK- or UK-based media Grant established by Merck recognizes pioneering research in personalized treatment of solid tumors  Winners selected by internationally renowned oncologists from 405 applications representing 49 countries   Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the recipients of the 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI), who will share a €1 million grant to progress their respective research initiatives. The winners were formally awarded yesterday evening at an award presentation coinciding with the 2016 annual European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark.      (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161006/415895 ) The three winning proposals, which focus on breast cancer, colorectal cancer and lung cancer, were selected from a total of 405 applications representing 49 countries, following a comprehensive review by an expert scientific steering committee made up of internationally renowned oncologists. The 2016 GOI winners are: Alberto Bardelli, University of Torino, Italy, for his proposal: 'Heterogeneity and clonal evolution as a therapeutic opportunity for colorectal cancers' Enriqueta Felip, Vall d'Hebron Institute of Oncology, Spain, for her proposal: 'New technologies for new treatments: liquid biopsy meets immunotherapy' Dr Dongxu Liu, Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand for his proposal: 'How does SHON* expression in tumors determine the efficacy of endocrine therapy in breast cancer?' "The Grant for Oncology Innovation is an example of Merck's commitment to scientific innovation in oncology. We are proud to support pioneering work that pushes the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation with a potential to improve the lives of cancer patients in the near-term future," said Dr Steven Hildemann, Global Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical and Safety at Merck's Biopharma business. "We are honored to recognize these talented and inspiring researchers and to play a role in enabling these innovative projects to become a reality." These awards mark the third successful year for GOI. Every year, Merck offers grants totaling €1 million through the GOI program.  More information about the GOI can be found online at: http://www.grantforoncologyinnovation.org Merck is committed to rewarding innovation and new thinking that could further advance the field of medicine. To learn more about the variety of innovation grants that Merck offers, visit:   http://www.merckgroup.com/en/innovation/grants_awards_initiatives/innovation_grants_awards_initiatives.html *Secreted hominoid-specific oncogene (SHON), an estrogen-regulated gene. For further information and press materials please visit:http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Contact:Heike Schmiedt, +49-6151-72-7498      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) SOURCE Merck Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Alle Alle Bilder Videos Audios Grafiken PDF Studien   Nur Channel Wirtschaft durchsuchen Aussendersuche Personensuche Terminsuche Topthemen Hilfe     wirtschaft Alle Politik Wirtschaft Finanzen Chronik Kultur Medien Karriere / Submenü Meistgelesen Meistgelesen Innenpolitik Außenpolitik EU Bildung Familie Gesellschaft Kommunales Recht Sozialpartner Meistgelesen Agrar Arbeitsmarkt Bau Finanzen und Dienstleistungen Energiemarkt Handel IT Start-up Tourismus Unternehmen Meistgelesen Insiderinformationen Directors Dealings Corporate News Finanzberichte Gesamtstimmrechtsmitteilungen Stimmrechtsmitteilungen Sonstige Kapitalmarktinformationen Hauptversammlung Meistgelesen Gesundheit Essen und Trinken Lifestyle Reisen Soziales Sport Tiere Umwelt Verkehr Veranstaltungen Wissenschaft Polizeimeldungen Meistgelesen Architektur Ausstellungen Fernsehen Film Kunst Literatur Museen Musik Theater Veranstaltungen Meistgelesen Pressestimmen Fernsehen Online Radio Zeitungen Meistgelesen Personalia Bildung Unternehmen OTE0002, 10. Okt. 2016, 08:11 drucken mailen als pdf als Text Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual EUR1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award Darmstadt, Germany (ots/PRNewswire) - Not intended for UK- or UK-based media Grant established by Merck recognizes pioneering research in personalized treatment of solid tumors Winners selected by internationally renowned oncologists from 405 applications representing 49 countries Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the recipients of the 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI), who will share a EUR1 million grant to progress their respective research initiatives. The winners were formally awarded yesterday evening at an award presentation coinciding with the 2016 annual European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark. (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161006/415895 ) The three winning proposals, which focus on breast cancer, colorectal cancer and lung cancer, were selected from a total of 405 applications representing 49 countries, following a comprehensive review by an expert scientific steering committee made up of internationally renowned oncologists. The 2016 GOI winners are: Alberto Bardelli, University of Torino, Italy, for his proposal: 'Heterogeneity and clonal evolution as a therapeutic opportunity for colorectal cancers' Enriqueta Felip, Vall d'Hebron Institute of Oncology, Spain, for her proposal: 'New technologies for new treatments: liquid biopsy meets immunotherapy' Dr Dongxu Liu, Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand for his proposal: 'How does SHON* expression in tumors determine the efficacy of endocrine therapy in breast cancer?' "The Grant for Oncology Innovation is an example of Merck's commitment to scientific innovation in oncology. We are proud to support pioneering work that pushes the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation with a potential to improve the lives of cancer patients in the near-term future," said Dr Steven Hildemann, Global Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical and Safety at Merck´s Biopharma business. "We are honored to recognize these talented and inspiring researchers and to play a role in enabling these innovative projects to become a reality." These awards mark the third successful year for GOI. Every year, Merck offers grants totaling EUR1 million through the GOI program. More information about the GOI can be found online at: http://www.grantforoncologyinnovation.org Merck is committed to rewarding innovation and new thinking that could further advance the field of medicine. To learn more about the variety of innovation grants that Merck offers, visit: http://www.merckgroup.com/en/innovation/grants_awards_initiatives/inn ovation_grants_awards_initiatives.html *Secreted hominoid-specific oncogene (SHON), an estrogen-regulated gene. For further information and press materials please visit:http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Contact: Heike Schmiedt, +49-6151-72-7498 (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) Digital press kit: http://www.ots.at/pressemappe/PR6873/aom ORIGINAL APA-OTS TEXT - THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER | PRN0003 Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Ge... Helsinn Group Introduces ... Merck KGaA Zum Pressroom Mehr zu dieser Aussendung Stichworte: International, Technologie, Pharma, Medizin, Gesundheit Channel: Wirtschaft Auch interessant: Inhalt wird geladen ... Mehr Über apa-ots APA-OTS ist Österreichs stärkster Verbreiter von multimedialen Presseinformationen in Text, Bild, Video und Audio im In- und Ausland. Produkte & Preise OTS-Mailabo OTS-Twitterlist Aktuelle Bilder: Wirtschaft weitere Bilder Aktuelle Videos weitere Videos Meistgelesen auf ots.at (24h) - Channel Wirtschaft BIO AUSTRIA stellt neu gestalteten Bio-Webshop online BIO AUSTRIA Merkel und Obama besuchen Messestand von ifm ifm electronic gmbh Bad Vöslau: Voller Erfolg für AK-Bildungsmesse "Zukunft | Arbeit | Leben" Arbeiterkammer Niederösterreich weitere Aussendungen Aktuelle Termine Montag, 14. Nov. 2016, 09:00 AVISO - Neuer Termin: PK zum neuen Franziskus Spital in Wien ab 2017, mit Stadträtin Wehsely und Besichtigung OP/Intensivstation Hartmannspital – Krankenhaus St. Elisabeth Montag, 14. Nov. 2016, 10:00 Von Sparkling Science zu Open Innovation OeAD (Österreichische Austauschdienst)-GmbH Montag, 14. Nov. 2016, 10:00 PK: "Nein zum Öxit" – Haselsteiner und Unterstützer stellen zweite Kampagnenwelle vor Kampagne „Nein zum Öxit“ weitere Termine APA-Campus Wirtschaftslehrgang APA-OTS Laimgrubengasse 10 1060 Wien, Österreich Karte & Route +43 1 36060-5310 +43 1 36060-5399 (Fax) ots@apa.at Über APA-OTS Social Media & Feeds APA-OTS auf Facebook APA-OTS auf Twitter APA-OTS auf Instagram APA-OTS auf Xing APA-OTS auf LinkedIn APA-OTS auf Google+ Unsere Pins auf Pinterest Alle Feeds / Newsletter Portale & Apps Portale OTS-Video, APA-Fotoservice, Tourismuspresse, Tourismusvideo, IT-Press, Euroadhoc Blogs OTS-Blog, Tourismuspresse-Blog Partner Presseportal.de, Presseportal.ch OTS-Apps (gratis) iOS, Android Systemzugänge OTS-Manager OTS-Mailabo OTS-Journalistendaten OTS-Newsletterverwaltung   © 1997 - 2016 APA-OTS Originaltext-Service GmbH und der jeweilige Aussender. Alle Rechte vorbehalten. Disclaimer Netiquette Impressum AGB zum Seitenanfang
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 UPDATE 1-'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo Reuters Oct. 9, 2016, 5:15 AM 710 facebook linkedin twitter email print * Keytruda cuts risk of death 40 pct in big lung cancer study * Drug also improves outcomes when given with chemotherapy * Immunotherapy changing standard of care in cancer (Adds further comment from researchers) By Ben Hirschler COPENHAGEN, Oct 9 (Reuters) - Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumours as chemotherapy alone. Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. "Remember this day. It's a new day for lung cancer treatment," Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne's University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become "a new standard of care". The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer - the biggest cancer killer globally - with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany's Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard "from today". U.S. regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. COMBINATION THERAPY The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been sceptical about this approach and investors' expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck's combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck's head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol's failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for "all comers" in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company's market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Stephen Powell and Susan Fenton) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters Company News HEALTH-CANCER/MERCK & CO (UPDATE 1, GRAPHIC) facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru UPDATE 1-'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo UPDATE 1-'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo * Keytruda cuts risk of death 40 pct in big... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Merck Tops as Lung Cancer Treatment Moves Past Chemotherapy Naomi Kresge naomikresge Allison Connolly aconnollynews October 9, 2016 — 11:00 PM EDT Updated on October 10, 2016 — 7:32 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Patients on Keytruda live 10 months without cancer worsening Cancer conference data puts Merck ahead of drugmaker rivals Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Lung cancer treatment is moving beyond chemotherapy, with Merck & Co. setting the pace in a new category of therapies that harness the body’s immune system to fight tumors.  The U.S. drugmaker’s Keytruda medicine reduced the risk of death or cancer progression by 50 percent, Merck said, unveiling details of a crucial study at a meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology. The medicine gave patients an average of 10.3 months before their cancer progressed, compared with six months on chemotherapy. Unlike competitor Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., whose similar drug Opdivo failed in an advanced trial and caused its stock to plunge, Merck selected patients who harbored high levels of a protein thought to predict how well the immune-system drugs will work. The results give Merck a head start -- and not just on Bristol-Myers. Roche Holding AG and AstraZeneca Plc are also in the race for the best new immune therapy against lung tumors, the most common cancer in the world. While Merck and Bristol-Myers are the leaders, each of the four companies will probably be able to take a piece of the market as data emerges from single and combination therapies for patients with various levels of the predictive protein, said Mirjam Heeb, who helps manage $186 million in health-care stocks, including Bristol-Myers, Roche and Merck, at GAM Holding AG in Zurich. Changing Landscape “We can assume now that Merck has a lead of at least 12 months” in its target patient group, Heeb said in a telephone interview. “But the overall landscape is changing so fast that I think it’s impossible to predict what it will look like in 12 months.” Doctors will probably start testing patients soon after diagnosis to see whether they’re suited to treatment with Keytruda and can forgo the many side effects of chemotherapy, said Stefan Zimmermann, a chief oncologist at the Cantonal Hospital of Fribourg, Switzerland. “The main reaction will actually be relief and renewed hope,” Zimmermann said on Sunday from the meeting in Copenhagen. “We have been waiting for ways to ditch the good old chemotherapy that carries significant toxicity.” Shares of Merck, which have gained 19 percent this year, rose 3 percent in trading before the opening of U.S. markets, while Bristol-Myers fell 6.1 percent, adding to a 19 percent decline this year. AstraZeneca fell 0.4 percent at 12:31 p.m. in London, and Roche rose 0.4 percent in Zurich. Patient Selection The U.S. Food and Drug Administration is set to decide by Dec. 24 whether Keytruda, already approved for patients whose lung cancer got worse after chemotherapy, can be used as an initial treatment too. Some 224,000 Americans will probably be diagnosed with lung tumors this year, according to the National Cancer Institute. Much of the battle for dominance in lung immune-oncology drugs thus far has centered on whether patients need to show high levels of a protein called PD-L1 to benefit. Merck’s trial focused on patients whose tumors expressed PD-L1 at least half the time. That group could comprise as many as one-quarter of newly-diagnosed lung-cancer patients, said Sam Fazeli, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. Combination Tests By contrast, Bristol-Myers’s competing therapy, Opdivo, failed a test as a sole treatment for lung cancer after the company included patients with lower levels of PD-L1. But details of the trial unveiled at the conference pointed to lackluster results even in a narrower group of patients with high PD-L1 levels. “PD-L1 assessment has to be part of the standard diagnostic workup,” said Corey Langer, director of the thoracic oncology program at the Abramson Cancer Center at the University of Pennsylvania. “Patients can’t wait for these results.” Langer led a smaller trial of Merck’s Keytruda also presented in Copenhagen, which combined the drug with chemotherapy and also let in all patients, no matter their PD-L1 levels. The combination was almost twice as successful at shrinking lung cancer tumors than a standard chemotherapy regimen. But with just 123 patients, the trial was too small to say for sure whether the combination is better than immune therapy alone, Langer said. Roche also presented results showing its immune therapy contender, Tecentriq, helped patients whose lung tumors had already progressed. Tecentriq was approved by regulators in May for advanced bladder cancer, and Roche expects a ruling from the FDA in second-line lung cancer by the end of next week. Results for newly-diagnosed patients aren’t expected before 2018, however. By then, Fazeli said, investors will be focusing on combination therapies. The first results from two immune therapies used together will probably come next year from AstraZeneca. Bristol-Myers is also working on such a combination, with data due out in 2018. Like Merck, Roche is combining its immune-oncology drug with chemotherapy, aiming for approval in 2018. “Given the data you see here with Keytruda alone, the combinations should by logic and by data seem to do better,” Fazeli said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Merck & Co Cancer Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Roche Holding AG Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Bristol-Myers Lung-Cancer Drug Disappoints in Trial Analysis Naomi Kresge naomikresge Allison Connolly aconnollynews October 9, 2016 — 1:22 PM EDT Updated on October 9, 2016 — 2:39 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Drugmaker says trial design may have influenced negative data Bristol-Myers results contrast with Merck’s in similar group Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.’s immune-based therapy Opdivo fell short of already low expectations in study results that throw into question whether the drug can help lung-cancer patients who’ve just been diagnosed. Opdivo wasn’t superior to chemotherapy even in patients with high levels of a protein called PD-L1, which has been thought to be a predictor of how well the immune-system drugs will work, Bristol-Myers said in results presented Sunday at the European Society for Medical Oncology meeting in Copenhagen. The data came from a detailed analysis of the Checkmate-26 study, whose main results were released in August, causing Bristol-Myers’ stock to slump. The results were in stark contrast to the performance of Merck & Co.’s Keytruda in a similar group of patients. Merck’s entire trial was designed around people with high PD-L1 levels, while Bristol-Myers tried to reach a wider range of patients. Bristol-Myers had already announced in August that Opdivo didn’t help the broader group. Sunday’s results showed the treatment didn’t aid the narrower group either. More Women The results were “below expectations,” wrote John Scotti, an analyst at Evercore ISI in New York. Imbalances in the trial, where more women and more people with high PD-L1 levels got chemotherapy, may have skewed the results, said Nick Botwood, the company’s development lead for lung cancer. “The study was designed to ask a very specific question at the 5 percent expression,” Botwood said during a conference call after the data presentation. “It wasn’t designed to ask a question at 50 percent.” He was referring to a measure of how prominent the PD-L1 biomarkers are in a patient’s cancer -- with 50 percent being considered a high level. Sam Fazeli, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence, said Bristol-Myers shouldn’t be written off just yet. “No one believes that Opdivo is dead in first line,” Fazeli said in an e-mail. “It’s a drug that has worked in many settings. It’s just that the trial had so many aspects that apparently worked against it.” Merck and Bristol-Myers have been battling for dominance in the new field of immune-oncology, in which medicines are designed to boost the body’s own defenses against cancer. Both drugmakers’ medicines are already approved for people whose lung cancer got worse after initial treatment. The trials presented Sunday would form the basis for approval or rejection as an initial treatment in lung cancer, a much bigger group of potential patients, and could be good news for Merck. “With the right tactical moves, Merck can turn Keytruda into the broadest offering in lung cancer,” said Tim Anderson, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Cancer Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
null
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»PFIZER AKTIE»Pfizer Presents Promising New Immunotherapy Combination Data With INLYTA (axitinib) In Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma (RCC) PFIZER INC 30,11  Euro -0,811 -2,62 % WKN: 852009  ISIN: US7170811035 Ticker-Symbol: PFE  Frankfurt | 11.11.16 | 19:11 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktS&P 100 S&P 500 DJ Industrial 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 29,868 30,219 13.11. 29,991 30,089 11.11. 09.10.2016 | 16:30 (12 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Pfizer Presents Promising New Immunotherapy Combination Data With INLYTA (axitinib) In Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma (RCC) Data From a Trial of INLYTA With Pembrolizumab Provides Additional Support for Novel Immunotherapy Combinations in RCC Preliminary Results from an Ongoing Trial of INLYTA with Avelumab in RCC Were Also Presented Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) today announced data from an ongoing, investigational Phase 1b study of INLYTA (axitinib) combined with the checkpoint inhibitor pembrolizumab (A4061079, NCT02133742), a PD-1 inhibitor known as KEYTRUDA and marketed by Merck, known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, in treatment-naïve patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC). The study was designed to establish dosing and evaluate the safety and anti-tumor activity of INLYTA when combined with pembrolizumab in first-line treatment of advanced RCC. Preliminary results from a similar, separate study combining INLYTA with avelumab (JAVELIN Renal 100, NCT02493751), an investigational, fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody that is being co-developed by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer were also presented. The data suggest evidence of anti-tumor activity for INLYTA in combination with avelumab and were presented during a poster discussion session at the ESMO 2016 Congress, the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology being held in Copenhagen, Denmark. Based on these Phase 1 results, two independent global Phase 3 trials evaluating these combinations INLYTA plus pembrolizumab and INLYTA plus avelumab each compared with SUTENT (sunitinib) in first-line advanced RCC are now enrolling patients. "Combining immunotherapy agents with currently approved therapies such as INLYTA may provide a meaningful improvement in outcome for patients with renal cancer," said Chris Boshoff, M.D., Ph.D., head of immuno-oncology, early development and translational oncology, Pfizer Global Product Development. "The results presented today indicate that there is a potential additive or synergistic effect between INLYTA and a checkpoint inhibitor in RCC." Early indicators from the A4061079 study point to strong response rates with the INLYTA/pembrolizumab combination, with 37 patients (71.2%, confidence internal 56.9, 82.9) achieving objective responses (three complete responses and 34 partial responses); 10 patients had stable disease and 5 patients had disease progression. Separately, in the JAVELIN Renal 100 study of INLYTA in combination with avelumab, five out of six patients treated so far had confirmed partial responses (objective response rate 83.3%, 95% confidence interval: 35.9, 99.6) and one patient with tumor shrinkage not meeting partial response criteria had stable disease. INLYTA is an oral vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptor inhibitor for the treatment of patients with advanced RCC after failure of one prior systemic therapy approved in 63 countries. It was the first treatment to demonstrate superior progression-free survival benefit in a Phase 3 study versus sorafenib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, in second-line treatment of advanced RCC. About Avelumab Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody. By inhibiting PD-L1 interactions, avelumab is thought to enable the activation of T-cells and the adaptive immune system. By retaining a native Fc-region, avelumab is thought to potentially engage the innate immune system and induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC). In November 2014, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. About INLYTA® (axitinib) INLYTA is an oral therapy that is designed to inhibit tyrosine kinases, including vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors 1, 2 and 3; these receptors can influence tumor growth, vascular angiogenesis and progression of cancer (the spread of tumors). In the U.S., INLYTA is approved for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) after failure of one prior systemic therapy. INLYTA is also approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for use in the EU in adult patients with advanced RCC after failure of prior treatment with sunitinib or a cytokine. INLYTA Important Safety Information Hypertension including hypertensive crisis has been observed. Blood pressure should be well controlled prior to initiating INLYTA. Monitor for hypertension and treat as needed. For persistent hypertension, despite use of antihypertensive medications, reduce the dose. Discontinue INLYTA if hypertension is severe and persistent despite use of antihypertensive therapy and dose reduction of INLYTA, and discontinuation should be considered if there is evidence of hypertensive crisis. Arterial and venous thrombotic events have been observed and can be fatal. Use with caution in patients who are at increased risk or who have a history of these events. Hemorrhagic events, including fatal events, have been reported. INLYTA has not been studied in patients with evidence of untreated brain metastasis or recent active gastrointestinal bleeding and should not be used in those patients. If any bleeding requires medical intervention, temporarily interrupt the INLYTA dose. Cardiac failure has been observed and can be fatal. Monitor for signs or symptoms of cardiac failure throughout treatment with INLYTA. Management of cardiac failure may require permanent discontinuation of INLYTA. Gastrointestinal perforation and fistula, including death, have occurred. Use with caution in patients at risk for gastrointestinal perforation or fistula. Monitor for symptoms of gastrointestinal perforation or fistula periodically throughout treatment. Hypothyroidism requiring thyroid hormone replacement has been reported. Monitor thyroid function before initiation of, and periodically throughout, treatment. No formal studies of the effect of INLYTA on wound healing have been conducted. Stop INLYTA at least 24 hours prior to scheduled surgery. Reversible Posterior Leukoencephalopathy Syndrome (RPLS) has been observed. If signs or symptoms occur, permanently discontinue treatment. Monitor for proteinuria before initiation of, and periodically throughout, treatment. For moderate to severe proteinuria, reduce the dose or temporarily interrupt treatment. Liver enzyme elevation has been observed during treatment with INLYTA. Monitor ALT, AST, and bilirubin before initiation of, and periodically throughout, treatment. For patients with moderate hepatic impairment, the starting dose should be decreased. INLYTA has not been studied in patients with severe hepatic impairment. Women of childbearing potential should be advised of potential hazard to the fetus and to avoid becoming pregnant while receiving INLYTA. Avoid strong CYP3A4/5 inhibitors. If unavoidable, reduce the dose. Grapefruit or grapefruit juice may also increase INLYTA plasma concentrations and should be avoided. Avoid strong CYP3A4/5 inducers and, if possible, avoid moderate CYP3A4/5 inducers. The most common (=20%) adverse events (AEs) occurring in patients receiving INLYTA (all grades, vs sorafenib) were diarrhea (55% vs 53%), hypertension (40% vs 29%), fatigue (39% vs 32%), decreased appetite (34% vs 29%), nausea (32% vs 22%), dysphonia (31% vs 14%), hand-foot syndrome (27% vs 51%), weight decreased (25% vs 21%), vomiting (24% vs 17%), asthenia (21% vs 14%), and constipation (20% vs 20%). The most common (=10%) grade 3/4 AEs occurring in patients receiving INLYTA (vs sorafenib) were hypertension (16% vs 11%), diarrhea (11% vs 7%), and fatigue (11% vs 5%). The most common (=20%) lab abnormalities occurring in patients receiving INLYTA (all grades, vs sorafenib) included increased creatinine (55% vs 41%), decreased bicarbonate (44% vs 43%), hypocalcemia (39% vs 59%), decreased hemoglobin (35% vs 52%), decreased lymphocytes (absolute) (33% vs 36%), increased ALP (30% vs 34%), hyperglycemia (28% vs 23%), increased lipase (27% vs 46%), increased amylase (25% vs 33%), increased ALT (22% vs 22%), and increased AST (20% vs 25%). For more information and full Prescribing Information, visit www.pfizer.com. About Pfizer Oncology Pfizer Oncology is committed to pursuing innovative treatments that have a meaningful impact on those living with cancer. As a leader in oncology speeding cures and accessible breakthrough medicines to patients, Pfizer Oncology is helping to redefine life with cancer. Our strong pipeline of biologics, small molecules and immunotherapies, one of the most robust in the industry, is studied with precise focus on identifying and translating the best scientific breakthroughs into clinical application for patients across a wide range of cancers. By working collaboratively with academic institutions, individual researchers, cooperative research groups, governments and licensing partners, Pfizer Oncology strives to cure or control cancer with its breakthrough medicines. Pfizer Oncology knows that success in oncology is not measured solely by the medicines you manufacture, but rather by the meaningful partnerships you make to have a more positive impact on people's lives. Learn more about how Pfizer Oncology is applying innovative approaches to improve the outlook for people living with cancer at http://www.pfizer.com/research/therapeutic_areas/oncology. Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier worldTM At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of healthcare products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer healthcare products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, Pfizer has worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. For more information, please visit us at www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @Pfizer_News, LinkedIn, YouTube, and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. DISCLOSURE NOTICE: The information contained in this release is as of October 9, 2016. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about INLYTA (axitinib), including a potential indication for INLYTA in combination with pembrolizumab (A4061079, NCT02133742) for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and a potential indication for INLYTA in combination with avelumab (MSB0010718C) for the treatment of advanced RCC, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with preliminary data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any jurisdictions for any potential indications for the combination therapies; whether and when any such applications may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the combination therapies; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results," as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161009005032/en/ Contacts: Pfizer Inc. Media Sally Beatty (U.S.), 212-733-6566 Lisa O'Neill (Europe), +44 1737 331536 or Investor Contact: Ryan Crowe, 212-733-8160 © 2016 Business Wire Nachrichten zu PFIZER INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 00:22 Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Deepens its Penetration in the EU ► Artikel lesen So Pfizer's Celebrex shown to be as safe as ibuprofen or naproxen -study ► Artikel lesen Sa Pfizer Inc. Stake Decreased by Guggenheim Capital LLC ► Artikel lesen Sa voestalpine und Pfizer vs. Honda Motor und Amazon - kommentierter KW 45 Peer Group Watch Global Innovation 1000 In der Wochensicht ist vorne: voestalpine 11,37% vor Pfizer 8,63%, Ford Motor Co. 8,29%, Roche GS 6,51%, Sanofi 6,49%, Novartis 6,31%, IBM 5,8%, Daimler 4,72%, Andritz 4,68%, Cisco 3,88%, Intel 2,98%... ► Artikel lesen Sa Dow beendet Trump-Woche auf Jahreshoch, Pfizer am Freitag schwach [pic1Der Dow Jones gewann am Freitag 0,21% auf 18847,66 Punkte. Year-to-date liegt der Dow Jones nun 8,16% im Plus. Es gab bisher 114 Gewinntage und 105 Verlusttage. Auf das Jahreshoch fehlen 0%, vom... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart PFIZER INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % PFIZER INC 30,11 -2,62 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

Fan werden Mobil DAX: 10.668 +0,4% ESt50: 3.030 -0,5% TDax: 1.695 -1,2% Dow: 18.848 +0,2% Nas: 5.237 +0,5% Nikkei: 17.641 +1,5% Euro: 1,0805 -0,3% Öl: 44,70 -2,8% Gold: 1.219 +0,7% finanzen.net Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Favoriten Depot eröffnen Shop News Analysen Videos Experten-Kolumnen Themen Lexikon Private Finanzen Ressorts Aktien Anleihen CFD Devisen ETFs Fonds Private Finanzen Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen Rubriken ad-hoc-Meldungen Aktie im Fokus Anlegen und Sparen Ausland Chartanalyse Dividenden Emittenten News Euro am Sonntag Euro Experten-Kolumnen Hedgefonds Immobilien Interviews KAG-News Konjunktur/Wirtschaft Leitzins Marktberichte Nebenwerte Neuemissionen Pressemitteilungen Standardwerte Versicherungen Quellen Business-Insider Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX EQS Group GlobeNewswire MyDividends Newsaktuell Reuters finanzen.net Indizes DAX 30 TecDAX MDAX Nikkei 225 SMI ATX Dow Jones 30 S&P 500 NASDAQ 100 Länder Australien Belgien Deutschland Europa Finnland Frankreich Griechenland Großbritannien Hong Kong Irland Italien Japan Kanada Mexiko Niederlande Norwegen Österreich Portugal Schweden Schweiz Singapur Spanien USA Researchtool Börsenchronik Heute im Fokus Konjunkturdaten Home Aktien Pfizer Aktie News zu Pfizer Pfizer Presents Promising New Immunotherapy Combination Data With INLYTA® (axitinib) In Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma (RCC) 09.10.2016 16:30 Bewerten  (0) Kommentare Pfizer Presents Promising New Immunotherapy Combination Data With INLYTA® (axitinib) In Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma (RCC) FACEBOOKEMAILDRUCKEN Kommentare Kommentar schreiben Aktien in diesem Artikel Pfizer Inc.30,11 EUR -2,62% Charts News Analysen Kaufen Verkaufen Top Themen Heute Bafin-Chef Hufeld: "Wie ein schleichendes Gift"2017 könnte das beste Apple-Jahr aller Zeiten werdenChina am Scheideweg: Reformen müssen her! Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) today announced data from an ongoing, investigational Phase 1b study of INLYTA® (axitinib) combined with the checkpoint inhibitor pembrolizumab (A4061079, NCT02133742), a PD-1 inhibitor known as KEYTRUDA® and marketed by Merck, known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, in treatment-naïve patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC). The study was designed to establish dosing and evaluate the safety and anti-tumor activity of INLYTA when combined with pembrolizumab in first-line treatment of advanced RCC. Preliminary results from a similar, separate study combining INLYTA with avelumab (JAVELIN Renal 100, NCT02493751), an investigational, fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody that is being co-developed by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer were also presented. The data suggest evidence of anti-tumor activity for INLYTA in combination with avelumab and were presented during a poster discussion session at the ESMO 2016 Congress, the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology being held in Copenhagen, Denmark. Based on these Phase 1 results, two independent global Phase 3 trials evaluating these combinations - INLYTA plus pembrolizumab and INLYTA plus avelumab  each compared with SUTENT® (sunitinib) in first-line advanced RCC are now enrolling patients. "Combining immunotherapy agents with currently approved therapies such as INLYTA may provide a meaningful improvement in outcome for patients with renal cancer, said Chris Boshoff, M.D., Ph.D., head of immuno-oncology, early development and translational oncology, Pfizer Global Product Development. "The results presented today indicate that there is a potential additive or synergistic effect between INLYTA and a checkpoint inhibitor in RCC. Early indicators from the A4061079 study point to strong response rates with the INLYTA/pembrolizumab combination, with 37 patients (71.2%, confidence internal 56.9, 82.9) achieving objective responses (three complete responses and 34 partial responses); 10 patients had stable disease and 5 patients had disease progression. Separately, in the JAVELIN Renal 100 study of INLYTA in combination with avelumab, five out of six patients treated so far had confirmed partial responses (objective response rate 83.3%, 95% confidence interval: 35.9, 99.6) and one patient with tumor shrinkage not meeting partial response criteria had stable disease. INLYTA is an oral vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptor inhibitor for the treatment of patients with advanced RCC after failure of one prior systemic therapy approved in 63 countries. It was the first treatment to demonstrate superior progression-free survival benefit in a Phase 3 study versus sorafenib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, in second-line treatment of advanced RCC. About Avelumab Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody. By inhibiting PD-L1 interactions, avelumab is thought to enable the activation of T-cells and the adaptive immune system. By retaining a native Fc-region, avelumab is thought to potentially engage the innate immune system and induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC). In November 2014, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. About INLYTA® (axitinib) INLYTA is an oral therapy that is designed to inhibit tyrosine kinases, including vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors 1, 2 and 3; these receptors can influence tumor growth, vascular angiogenesis and progression of cancer (the spread of tumors). In the U.S., INLYTA is approved for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) after failure of one prior systemic therapy. INLYTA is also approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for use in the EU in adult patients with advanced RCC after failure of prior treatment with sunitinib or a cytokine. INLYTA Important Safety Information Hypertension including hypertensive crisis has been observed. Blood pressure should be well controlled prior to initiating INLYTA. Monitor for hypertension and treat as needed. For persistent hypertension, despite use of antihypertensive medications, reduce the dose. Discontinue INLYTA if hypertension is severe and persistent despite use of antihypertensive therapy and dose reduction of INLYTA, and discontinuation should be considered if there is evidence of hypertensive crisis. Arterial and venous thrombotic events have been observed and can be fatal. Use with caution in patients who are at increased risk or who have a history of these events. Hemorrhagic events, including fatal events, have been reported. INLYTA has not been studied in patients with evidence of untreated brain metastasis or recent active gastrointestinal bleeding and should not be used in those patients. If any bleeding requires medical intervention, temporarily interrupt the INLYTA dose. Cardiac failure has been observed and can be fatal. Monitor for signs or symptoms of cardiac failure throughout treatment with INLYTA. Management of cardiac failure may require permanent discontinuation of INLYTA. Gastrointestinal perforation and fistula, including death, have occurred. Use with caution in patients at risk for gastrointestinal perforation or fistula. Monitor for symptoms of gastrointestinal perforation or fistula periodically throughout treatment. Hypothyroidism requiring thyroid hormone replacement has been reported. Monitor thyroid function before initiation of, and periodically throughout, treatment. No formal studies of the effect of INLYTA on wound healing have been conducted. Stop INLYTA at least 24 hours prior to scheduled surgery. Reversible Posterior Leukoencephalopathy Syndrome (RPLS) has been observed. If signs or symptoms occur, permanently discontinue treatment. Monitor for proteinuria before initiation of, and periodically throughout, treatment. For moderate to severe proteinuria, reduce the dose or temporarily interrupt treatment. Liver enzyme elevation has been observed during treatment with INLYTA. Monitor ALT, AST, and bilirubin before initiation of, and periodically throughout, treatment. For patients with moderate hepatic impairment, the starting dose should be decreased. INLYTA has not been studied in patients with severe hepatic impairment. Women of childbearing potential should be advised of potential hazard to the fetus and to avoid becoming pregnant while receiving INLYTA. Avoid strong CYP3A4/5 inhibitors. If unavoidable, reduce the dose. Grapefruit or grapefruit juice may also increase INLYTA plasma concentrations and should be avoided. Avoid strong CYP3A4/5 inducers and, if possible, avoid moderate CYP3A4/5 inducers. The most common (=20%) adverse events (AEs) occurring in patients receiving INLYTA (all grades, vs sorafenib) were diarrhea (55% vs 53%), hypertension (40% vs 29%), fatigue (39% vs 32%), decreased appetite (34% vs 29%), nausea (32% vs 22%), dysphonia (31% vs 14%), hand-foot syndrome (27% vs 51%), weight decreased (25% vs 21%), vomiting (24% vs 17%), asthenia (21% vs 14%), and constipation (20% vs 20%). The most common (=10%) grade 3/4 AEs occurring in patients receiving INLYTA (vs sorafenib) were hypertension (16% vs 11%), diarrhea (11% vs 7%), and fatigue (11% vs 5%). The most common (=20%) lab abnormalities occurring in patients receiving INLYTA (all grades, vs sorafenib) included increased creatinine (55% vs 41%), decreased bicarbonate (44% vs 43%), hypocalcemia (39% vs 59%), decreased hemoglobin (35% vs 52%), decreased lymphocytes (absolute) (33% vs 36%), increased ALP (30% vs 34%), hyperglycemia (28% vs 23%), increased lipase (27% vs 46%), increased amylase (25% vs 33%), increased ALT (22% vs 22%), and increased AST (20% vs 25%). For more information and full Prescribing Information, visit www.pfizer.com. About Pfizer Oncology Pfizer Oncology is committed to pursuing innovative treatments that have a meaningful impact on those living with cancer. As a leader in oncology speeding cures and accessible breakthrough medicines to patients, Pfizer Oncology is helping to redefine life with cancer. Our strong pipeline of biologics, small molecules and immunotherapies, one of the most robust in the industry, is studied with precise focus on identifying and translating the best scientific breakthroughs into clinical application for patients across a wide range of cancers. By working collaboratively with academic institutions, individual researchers, cooperative research groups, governments and licensing partners, Pfizer Oncology strives to cure or control cancer with its breakthrough medicines. Pfizer Oncology knows that success in oncology is not measured solely by the medicines you manufacture, but rather by the meaningful partnerships you make to have a more positive impact on peoples lives. Learn more about how Pfizer Oncology is applying innovative approaches to improve the outlook for people living with cancer at http://www.pfizer.com/research/therapeutic_areas/oncology. Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier worldTM At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of healthcare products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer healthcare products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, Pfizer has worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. For more information, please visit us at www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @Pfizer_News, LinkedIn, YouTube, and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. DISCLOSURE NOTICE: The information contained in this release is as of October 9, 2016. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about INLYTA (axitinib), including a potential indication for INLYTA in combination with pembrolizumab (A4061079, NCT02133742) for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and a potential indication for INLYTA in combination with avelumab (MSB0010718C) for the treatment of advanced RCC, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with preliminary data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any jurisdictions for any potential indications for the combination therapies; whether and when any such applications may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the combination therapies; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizers Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results, as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161009005032/en/ FACEBOOK Kommentare lesen Nachrichten zu Pfizer Inc. Relevant Alle vom Unternehmen Peer Group ? Sprache: Alle DE EN Sortieren: Datum meistgelesen 10.11.16 December 30th Options Now Available For Pfizer (PFE) (EN, Forbes) 10.11.16 Why Allergan, Horizon Pharma plc, and Pfizer All Spiked Wednesday (EN, MotleyFool) 10.11.16 Zulassung: Pfizer darf Brustkrebs-Arznei in der EU vertreiben (dpa-afx) 10.11.16 Insider-Berichte zu US-Pharmakonzern - Pfizer erwägt Trennung von Medizinprodukte-Geschäft (N24) 10.11.16 Exclusive: Pfizer weighs sale or spin-off of consumer health unit - sources (Reuters Business) 09.11.16 Better Buy: Gilead Sciences Inc. vs. Pfizer Inc. (EN, MotleyFool) 09.11.16 Better Buy: Gilead Sciences Inc. vs. Pfizer Inc. (FOX Business) 09.11.16 Pfizer: 3 Reasons Donald Trump?s Victory is Great News (EN, Barrons) Um Ihnen die Übersicht über die große Anzahl an Nachrichten, die jeden Tag für ein Unternehmen erscheinen, etwas zu erleichtern, haben wir den Nachrichtenfeed in folgende Kategorien aufgeteilt: Relevant: Nachrichten von ausgesuchten Quellen, die sich im Speziellen mit diesem Unternehmen befassen Alle: Alle Nachrichten, die dieses Unternehmen betreffen. Z.B. auch Marktberichte die außerdem auch andere Unternehmen betreffen vom Unternehmen: Nachrichten und Adhoc-Meldungen, die vom Unternehmen selbst veröffentlicht werden Peer Group: Nachrichten von Unternehmen, die zur Peer Group gehören mehr Pfizer NewsRSS Feed Pfizer zu myNews hinzufügen (was ist das?) Analysen zu Pfizer Inc. Alle Buy Hold Sell ? 11.11.2016 Pfizer Hold Jefferies & Company Inc. 04.11.2016 Pfizer Market Perform BMO Capital Markets 03.11.2016 Pfizer overweight Atlantic Equities 02.11.2016 Pfizer Hold Argus Research Company 01.11.2016 Pfizer Outperform Bernstein Research 04.11.2016 Pfizer Market Perform BMO Capital Markets 03.11.2016 Pfizer overweight Atlantic Equities 01.11.2016 Pfizer Outperform Bernstein Research 19.10.2016 Pfizer Outperform Bernstein Research 25.08.2016 Pfizer buy Jefferies & Company Inc. 11.11.2016 Pfizer Hold Jefferies & Company Inc. 02.11.2016 Pfizer Hold Argus Research Company 01.11.2016 Pfizer Hold Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (Berenberg Bank) 13.10.2016 Pfizer Hold Jefferies & Company Inc. 12.05.2016 Pfizer Hold Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (Berenberg Bank) 27.11.2012 Pfizer verkaufen Hamburger Sparkasse AG (Haspa) 28.08.2012 Pfizer verkaufen Hamburger Sparkasse AG (Haspa) 10.01.2012 Pfizer verkaufen Hamburger Sparkasse AG (Haspa) 07.05.2010 King Pharmaceuticals neues Kursziel Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 26.04.2010 King Pharmaceuticals "sell" Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Um die Übersicht zu verbessern, haben Sie die Möglichkeit, die Analysen für Pfizer Inc. nach folgenden Kriterien zu filtern. Alle: Alle Empfehlungen Buy: Kaufempfehlungen wie z.B. "kaufen" oder "buy" Hold: Halten-Empfehlungen wie z.B. "halten" oder "neutral" Sell: Verkaufsempfehlungn wie z.B. "verkaufen" oder "reduce"mehr Analysen Newssuche GO Videos zu Pfizer Die Narren sind los - Börse bleibt ruhig Wochenrückblick: Trumps Erfolg schockiert die Welt - nur die Amerikaner nicht! US-Markt: Diese Themen beschäftigen den Markt heutealle Videos Meistgelesene Pfizer News 01.11.16 Pfizer senkt Ergebnisausblick für 2016 01.11.16 ROUNDUP: Pfizer senkt Ergebnisausblick für 2016 - Umsatzprognose erhöht 10.11.16 Zulassung: Pfizer darf Brustkrebs-Arznei in der EU vertreiben 03.11.16 Novartis Takes Aim at Pfizer 20.10.16 Better Buy: Pfizer Inc. vs. GlaxoSmithKline plc 26.10.16 Better Buy: Eli Lilly and Co vs. Pfizer 17.10.16 Pfizer and Bristol-Myers Squibb Could Face a Big Threat from Small Biotech Exelixis 02.11.16 Pfizer: Don't Buy the Dip 04.11.16 Ex-Dividend Reminder: Pfizer. ResMed and EverBank Financial 09.11.16 Better Buy: Gilead Sciences Inc. vs. Pfizer Inc.Weitere Pfizer News Inside Anzeige BNP Paribas: Rendezvous mit Harry | Montag um 19:00 Uhr LIVE mit Börsenprofi Harald Weygand DekaBank: US-Dollar: Richtungssuche nach Trump-Schock Chart Flash zum DAX vom 11.11.2016 UBS: Volkswagen AG Vorzüge: Trendbruch möglich HSBC: Allianz glänzt - bald auch mit hohen Dividenden? Vontobel: Neue Zeichnungsprodukte: Protect Multi Aktienanleihen Commerzbank: Dax überrascht  Wie geht es weiter? DZ BANK: DAX: Abprallen am charttechnischen Widerstandsbereich Anzeige Zalando - Wie der Online-Händler seine Gewinn­margen kräftig steigern will!Der Einkauf von Waren im Internet gehört zu den Megatrends des 21. Jahrhunderts. Laut einer Erhebung des Digitalverbands Bitkom shoppen 98% aller Internet-Nutzer inzwischen online, wobei mehr als drei Viertel mehrmals im Monat Produkte über das Internet ordern. Lesen Sie in der aktuellen Ausgabe des Anlegermagazins, warum Zalando zu den Profiteuren dieses Megatrends gehört und wie es seine Gewinnmargen weiter steigern will. Anlegermagazin kostenlos erhalten Mehr zur Pfizer-Aktie Kurs + Chart Bilanz/GuV Times + Sales Schätzungen Börsenplätze Rating Orderbuch Vergleich Historisch Ausblick Chart-Analyse Dividende/HV Realtimekurs Termine Analysen Insidertrades Kursziele Profil Fundamentalanalyse Fonds Pfizer Peer Group News 01:01 Uhr Novartis improves ranking in 2016 Access to Medicine Index 13.11.16 Ex-Novartis-Boss überrascht: Vasella kritisiert hohe Medikamentenpreise 11.11.16 The Biggest Loser: Alexion Pharmaceuticals Tumbles 10% 11.11.16 The Biggest Loser: Alexion Pharmaceuticals Tumbles 10% 11.11.16 Bayer. BASF. Evonik: Kontrastprogramm in der Chemie 11.11.16 Gilead Sciences: Wait. the Hepatitis-C Competition is Getting Worse?!?! 11.11.16 Gilead Sciences: Wait. the Hepatitis-C Competition is Getting Worse?!?! 11.11.16 AstraZeneca trial shows benefit of child asthma treatment 11.11.16 ANALYSE-FLASH: Oddo Seydler hebt Ziel für Evotec auf 6.10 Euro - 'Buy' 11.11.16 Why You Should (and Shouldn't) Buy Merck News von Regierung erklärt 10.000 türkische Pässe für ungültig China zahlt Traumpreise für deutsches Hightech Umstrittener Gigaliner überrascht im Praxistest Stuttgart ist Deutschlands Kulturhauptstadt News von Unterbewertet: Deutschlands günstigste Aktien - Welche Sie jetzt kaufen sollten Endspurt 2016: Diese Aktien versprechen bis Jahresende die höchste Rendite Wie viel Schaf Donald steckt im Wolf Trump? Hohes Kurspotenzial: Vier deutsche Top-Aktien für den Anlageerfolg Spielen die Emotionen den DAX-Bullen einen Streich? News von Wie man in einem Jahr eine Million verdient Schock für Fans: Apple soll ausgerechnet beim beliebtesten iPhone-Modell auf ein Update verzichten Die Sprache des Geldes? Mit diesen Begriffen wird man reich "Calexit": Das würde passieren, wenn Kalifornien wegen Trump die USA verlässt Es gibt nur eine Bedingung, unter der Obama Präsident bleiben kann Heute im Fokus DAX geht mit Plus ins Wochenende -- US-Börsen schließen höher -- Allianz mit Gewinnsprung -- Fitch warnt vor Krise in Italien und Portugal -- innogy, Alibaba im Fokus Warren Buffett setzt trotz Trump-Sieg auf steigende Aktienkurse. Lücke im US-Wahlsystem: Wahlmänner könnten Trump Stimme verwehren. Wird ein Goldman Sachs-Banker US-Finanzminister? Snapchat-Kamerabrille wird aus dem Automaten verkauft. Toshiba mit starkem Gewinnzuwachs. NACHRICHTEN Aktien Alle 03:07 Uhr Access to Medicine Index 2016: Pharmaunternehmen verbessern ihre Strategien, um Arme zu erreichen - doch der Ausbau ist schleichend 01:31 Uhr Press Release: Novartis improves ranking in 2016 Access to Medicine Index 01:20 Uhr United Company RUSAL Plc: Continuing Connected Transactions Operation of Ondskaya Hydro Power Station 01:17 Uhr Stuttgarter Nachrichten: Bundespräsident 01:01 Uhr Novartis improves ranking in 2016 Access to Medicine Index 01:01 Uhr ARM and US TrustedCare Inc., Partner to Integrate Wearable and Medical Devices for Accountable Care 01:00 Uhr Nokia to provide Korea Rail Network Authority with world's first LTE-R network to support high-speed railway operations 00:52 Uhr Weser-Kurier: Kommentar von Jürgen Theiner über Abgeordnete der Bremischen Bürgerschaft mit türkischen Wurzeln TOP-RANKINGS Die 12 toten Topverdiener 2015 Diese Legenden sind die bestbezahlten Toten der WeltJetzt durchklicken KW 45: Analysten-Tops der WocheDiese Aktien stehen auf den Kauflisten der ExpertenJetzt durchklicken Gehaltsgefällt zwischen Chef und Angestellten: So viel mehr verdienen Spitzenmanager als ihre AngestelltenJetzt durchklicken Die 5 beliebtesten Top-Rankings Negativ-Ranking für AutobauerDie Eigenzulassungen 2015Jetzt durchklicken Die innovativsten Unternehmen 2015Diese Firmen sind innovativJetzt durchklicken Die Städte mit den längsten Staus 2015In diesen Städten stehen Sie am längsten im StauJetzt durchklicken Die besten Universitäten der Welt Das sind die besten UniversitätenJetzt durchklicken Brand Finance Global 2016Die wertvollsten Marken 2016Jetzt durchklickenmehr Top Rankings Umfrage Die Deutschen sind laut dem ARD-Deutschlandtrend immer weniger zufrieden mit der Arbeit der Bundesregierung. Wie zufrieden sind Sie mit der schwarz-roten Koalition? Sehr zufrieden Zufrieden Geht so Enttäuscht Absolut unzufrieden AbstimmenDirekt zu den Ergebnissen Quicklinks Aktienkurse Beliebteste Aktien Realtimekurse Alle Indizes Top 50 Tops/Flops Insiderdaten Quickcharts Dividenden Portfolio finanzen.net Apps Online Brokerage über finanzen.net Das Beste aus allen Welten: Die Informationswelt von finanzen.net und handeln zum Festpreis von 5 Euro. Das geht nur bei finanzen.net Brokerage.Jetzt informieren Kontakt Impressum Werben Presse Sitemap Arbeiten bei finanzen.net Datenschutz Disclaimer Nutzungsbedingungen Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? Problem mit dieser Seite? schlechtsehr gut Aktien Prime Standard:0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z DAX MDAX Dow Jones EuroStoxx Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information. Verzögerung Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2016 finanzen.net GmbH News Kurslisten Analysen Devisen Dollarkurs Fonds Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Anleihen Rohstoffe Themen Aktien kaufen Depot eröffnen Portfolio Aktien China Währungsrechner Gold kaufen CFD Aktienkurse Ölpreis Leitzins IPO Börsenkurse Lexikon Börse App finanznachrichten.de Traderfox
Publications : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER Sign in | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy home fashion lifestyle. entertainment travel. food. horoscope. editor's corner. HOME > Lifestyle > Health and Fitness 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo Reuters/Copenhagen Filed on October 9, 2016 Share More > Vote Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours. Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumours as chemotherapy alone. Highlights: *Keytruda cuts risk of death 40 pc in big lung cancer study *Drug also improves outcomes when given with chemotherapy *Immunotherapy changing standard of care in cancer Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. "Remember this day. It's a new day for lung cancer treatment," Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne's University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become "a new standard of care". The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer - the biggest cancer killer globally - with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. We feel obligated and honored to do all we can to invent medicines that can help prevent diseases. pic.twitter.com/qSGjAce9XY - Merck (@Merck) October 8, 2016 Proud to share data from three #lungcancer studies today at ESMO 2016. - Merck (@Merck) October 9, 2016 In addition, read about more #lungcancer data: https://t.co/jJjqh0QrZG #immunooncology - Merck (@Merck) October 9, 2016 Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany's Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard "from today". Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. Combination therapy The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been sceptical about this approach and investors' expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck's combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 per cent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 per cent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 per cent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck's head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol's failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for "all comers" in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company's market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy.   Share More > Vote   Popular Comments Voted Government Know your Emirates ID privileges and benefits in the UAE 65891 views | 18 February 2016 Transport Dubai businessman buys number plate for Dh33 MILLION 58932 views | 8 October 2016 General Dandiya dancing rocks the night at Navratri celebrations 40236 views | 7 October 2016 Gadgets and Electronics Bag these KILLER deals on last day of GITEX Shopper 27713 views | 7 October 2016 Europe British-Indian stabs wife 124 times over asking for divorce 19348 views | 8 October 2016 Newsmakers Fawad Khan breaks silence on India-Pakistan tensions 16568 views | 7 October 2016 Crime Father refuses to accept 'arrogant teenage girl' 9611 views | 8 October 2016 General Arab woman killed in Dubai accident 8476 views | 8 October 2016 Pakistan Pakistan spy agency chief likely to be replaced: Report 5235 views | 8 October 2016 Education Homework in UAE schools: To ban or not to ban? 4536 views | 8 October 2016 Video | Nation Why people jump Dubai red lights Economy Dubai's non-oil foreign trade at Dh647 billion in H1 2016 0 comments | 8 October 2016 Technology Gitex shoppers pleased with deals 0 comments | 4 October 2016 Football Guardiola says he owes his success to Cruyff 0 comments | 6 October 2016 Abu Dhabi Let the hunting games begin: Adihex 2016 is now open 0 comments | 4 October 2016 Africa Anti-apartheid icon Tutu wants choice of assisted death 0 comments | 7 October 2016 General 9-year-old Emirati girl drowns in RAK 0 comments | 8 October 2016 Rest of Asia Suicide bombings kill at least eight in Baghdad: Officials 0 comments | 3 October 2016 UAE health Sleep well or risk getting cancer 0 comments | 2 October 2016 Music Rolling Stones to release new album in December 0 comments | 6 October 2016 General Dubai ranked among world's TOP 5 shopping cities 9 votes | 8 October 2016 Cricket England beat Bangladesh despite Kayes and Shakib heroics 9 votes | 7 October 2016 Americas Hurricane kills 339, Obama declares emergency 9 votes | 7 October 2016 India India says it foils attack on Kashmir base, kills three militants 9 votes | 6 October 2016 Video | Business Emirates NBD launches futuristic banking... Hollywood Kardashian robbery news led to 2400% increase in spams, scams 9 votes | 5 October 2016 Government Shaikh Mohammed leads Dubai economy to new future phase 9 votes | 4 October 2016 Dubai Up to Dh30,000 fine for jumping Dubai tram red light 9 votes | 3 October 2016 General Shaikh Mohammed spends time with daughter, friends at school 89 votes | 5 October 2016 India Man lets friend RAPE wife to settle debt of Dh270 87 votes | 5 October 2016   more from wknd. On The Road Audi R8 V10 Plus: A firecracker supercar Fashion The Changing Face of Indian Fashion A Day In The Life Of Ebraheem Al Samadi: Treat Your Employees Well Food and Dining Review: Fraiche Cafe Murder Mystery Night Hard Drive iPhone 7 review: Seventh heaven Beauty Basics For the bride-to-be Lifestyle Best of Simon Cowell quotes Lifestyle How to never forget anything again   Subscriptions & Downloads MAGAZINE Subscribe to wknd. PRINT ADDITION ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS See the full archive for Cover
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News PM Modi on demonetisation: Bear pain for 50 days, then punish me Collegium lists 7 High Court chief justices for elevation to Supreme Court Samajwadi Party asks Mulayam to pick its new Rajya Sabha leader Draw for India, a moral victory for England 8 years after Taj staffer took bullet for guests, family rebuilds life Home Lifestyle Health New clinical data shows benefits in untreated lung cancer patients as Merck drug shines New clinical data shows benefits in untreated lung cancer patients as Merck drug shines Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients. By: Reuters | Copenhagen | Published:October 9, 2016 3:43 pm Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. (Source: Reuters) Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumours as chemotherapy alone. Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. “Remember this day. It’s a new day for lung cancer treatment,” Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne’s University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. ASUS ZenBook 3 First Look Video Siachen Civilian Trek 2016 Bigg Boss 10 November 10 Review: Manoj Punjabi And Mona Lisa Get Close, Irritates Swami Om Rock On 2 Audience Reaction: Farhan Akhtar’s Movie Impresses People England Pile On The Runs In Rajkot; India Solid In Reply India Queues Up Outside ATMs Sahibabad Garment Factory Fire Kills 13 Worried About Replacing Rs 500 & Rs 1000 Notes? Don’t Fall For This Fraud Call Banks, Post Offices See Long Queues Of People For Exchange Of Rs 500, Rs 1000 Notes Kanhaiya Kumar: Condoms Could Be Found In JNU, But Not Its Missing Student People Outside Banks In Kolkata Here’s What The New Rs 2000 Note Looks Like Serpentine Queues Outside Banks To Exchange Rs 500, Rs 1,000 Notes 5 Reasons To Watch Rock On 2 Bigg Boss 10 November 9 Episode Review: No Maliks-Sevaks Anymore An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become “a new standard of care”. The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer – the biggest cancer killer globally – with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany’s Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard “from today”. U.S. regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. COMBINATION THERAPY The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been sceptical about this approach and investors’ expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck’s combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck’s head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body’s natural killer cells to home in on tumours. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol’s failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for “all comers” in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company’s market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaPM Modi holds meeting with senior ministers on demonetisation process BusinessWhat jammed the ATM: Secrecy and no Plan B IndiaBear pain for 50 days, then punish me: PM Modi on demonetisation IndiaCollegium lists 7 High Court chief justices for elevation to Supreme Court Board exams today, hope, fear in Valley: ‘Can’t lose year’ EntertainmentPadmavati will be extremely difficult, says Deepika Padukone EntertainmentSalman Khan, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan praise PM Modi on demonetisation EntertainmentAs a father, I always support my kids, says Aamir Khan EntertainmentKoffee With Karan 5: Twinkle Khanna's shocking revelations on the KJo's show Must Read SportsDraw for India, a moral victory for England SportsDid India miss a trick by rolling out a true track? SportsDemonetisation leaves players with ‘empty’ pockets TechnologyMicrosoft Office for Android will be supported on Chrome OS TechnologyWhatsApp for iOS gets GIF support TechnologyZopo Speed 8 review: Doesn’t justify the price tag  Deepika Padukone, Katrina Kaif, Kareena Kapoor: The best and worst dressed at this Bollywood awards show Nov 14: Latest News Protests against Donald Trump continue in New York, Los Angeles, Philadelphia Israel president Reuven Rivlin leaves for six-day visit to India Pro-Russian candidate Igor Dodon set to win Moldova presidency Global markets: Australian shares fall on financial, material pressures Gasps, tears as Iraqis return to IS-destroyed parish                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States World News | Mon Oct 10, 2016 | 6:42pm IST 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo By Ben Hirschler | COPENHAGEN COPENHAGEN Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumours as chemotherapy alone. Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. "Remember this day. It's a new day for lung cancer treatment," Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne's University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become "a new standard of care". The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer - the biggest cancer killer globally - with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany's Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard "from today". U.S. regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. COMBINATION THERAPY The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been sceptical about this approach and investors' expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck's combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck's head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol's failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for "all comers" in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company's market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Stephen Powell and Susan Fenton) Next In World News U.S. protesters plan fifth day of marches against Trump presidency NEW YORK Demonstrators across the United States planned to take to the streets for a fifth straight day on Sunday to protest President-elect Donald Trump, whose campaign manager said President Barack Obama and Democrat Hillary Clinton should support a peaceful transition. Trump says 'certain areas' of border wall with Mexico could be fence WASHINGTON President-elect Donald Trump said in an interview to air on Sunday that certain areas of his promised border wall with Mexico, a key part of his White House campaign platform, could be fence instead. U.S. to push ahead on climate pact before Trump takes over - Kerry WELLINGTON U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Sunday the Obama administration would do everything it could to implement a global agreement to combat climate change before President-elect Donald Trump takes office. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick India raises cap on bank cash withdrawal to ease public anger Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Search 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo by Reuters Sunday, 9 October 2016 09:15 GMT About our Humanitarian coverage From major disaster, conflicts and under-reported stories, we shine a light on the world’s humanitarian hotspots Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular U.S. LGBT community fears backlash after Trump victory Virtual reality game puts players in disaster driving seat As Nigerian sex trafficking rises, Italy tracks crime kingpins First U.S. transgender soldiers make gender transition after policy shift Most child deaths concentrated in 10 Asian, African nations - study * Keytruda cuts risk of death 40 pct in big lung cancer study * Drug also improves outcomes when given with chemotherapy * Immunotherapy changing standard of care in cancer (Adds further comment from researchers) By Ben Hirschler COPENHAGEN, Oct 9 (Reuters) - Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumours as chemotherapy alone. Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. "Remember this day. It's a new day for lung cancer treatment," Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne's University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become "a new standard of care". The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer - the biggest cancer killer globally - with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany's Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard "from today". U.S. regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. COMBINATION THERAPY The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been sceptical about this approach and investors' expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck's combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck's head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol's failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for "all comers" in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company's market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Stephen Powell and Susan Fenton) Themes Health and Disease Share Tweet Share Email Comment EXPLORE MORE Humanitarian NEWS Original Most child deaths concentrated in 10 Asian, African nations - study Scientists develop new type of HIV test on a USB stick Pig experiment may have exposed Canadian lab worker to Ebola Original Cholera cases in S. Sudan spike, outbreak spreads to Unity state - UN About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2016 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News Aftershocks rattle New Zealand after powerful quake kills two Trump hires Republican insider, conservative firebrand for White House Federal agents to investigate fire at South Carolina black business organization Magnitude 6.2 quake strikes near Christchurch, New Zealand - USGS U.S. protesters march against Trump presidency for fifth day Join Us Comments Close 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo We welcome comments that advance the story through relevant opinion, anecdotes, links and data. If you see a comment that you believe is irrelevant or inappropriate, you can flag it to our editors by using the report abuse links. Views expressed in the comments do not represent those of the Thomson Reuters Foundation. For more information see our Acceptable Use Policy. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus



Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 9:50 P.M. ET Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 8:44 P.M. ET Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie 8:29 P.M. ET Trump-branded properties are poised for a rebound 8:16 P.M. ET ISIS urges truck attacks, says Thanksgiving Day Parade an ‘excellent target’ 7:49 P.M. ET May to say U.K. will pursue free trade while protecting workers at home 7:40 P.M. ET Japan's economy surged forward in Q3 7:36 P.M. ET Look up tonight to see the biggest supermoon in 68 years 6:53 P.M. ET EU vows to work with Trump administration while standing firm on key issues 6:41 P.M. ET Facebook stops allowing ads to target specific ethnic groups 6:32 P.M. ET Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 6:28 P.M. ET Updated Pro-Russian presidential candidates win in Bulgaria, Moldova 5:55 P.M. ET Experts forecast rising GDP, inflation and risks 5:52 P.M. ET VW, Audi confirm probe into Audi emissions 5:09 P.M. ET Blockbuster deals would make AMC No. 1 theater chain in world 5:00 P.M. ET Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 4:54 P.M. ET Paul Ryan likely to remain House Speaker 4:41 P.M. ET Updated Trump names RNC head Reince Priebus as chief of staff 4:31 P.M. ET Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 2:15 P.M. ET My mother-in-law is being bled dry by her incarcerated brother 1:15 P.M. ET The Secret to Successful Mole Catching Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Two Major Studies to Be Presented at ESMO 2016 Congress Presidential Symposium Demonstrate Potential of Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) for the First-Line Treatment of Metastatic Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer in a Broad Range of Patients By Published: Oct 9, 2016 2:16 a.m. ET Share KEYNOTE-024, Published in TheNew England Journal of Medicine, Showed KEYTRUDA as Monotherapy Demonstrated Superior Progression-Free and Overall Survival Compared to Chemotherapy as First-Line Treatment in Patients with High Levels of PD-L1 ExpressionKEYNOTE-021, Cohort G, Published in The Lancet Oncology, Showed KEYTRUDA in Combination with Chemotherapy Demonstrated Superior Efficacy Compared to Chemotherapy Alone as First-Line Treatment; Trial Enrolled Patients Regardless of PD-L1 Expression KENILWORTH, N.J., Oct 09, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Merck MRK, -1.55% known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced results from two major studies of KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) at the ESMO 2016 Congress, the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology: In KEYNOTE-024, which evaluated squamous and non-squamous NSCLC patients whose tumors expressed high levels of PD-L1 (tumor proportion score, or TPS, of 50 percent or more), KEYTRUDA provided a 50 percent reduction in the risk of disease progression or death and a 40 percent reduction in the risk of death compared to platinum doublet, the current standard of care. These data were also published today in The New England Journal of Medicine. Based upon the results observed from KEYNOTE-024, to date KEYTRUDA is the only anti-PD-1 to demonstrate superior progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) compared to chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of both squamous and non-squamous NSCLC in patients whose tumors express high levels of PD-L1 and do not express EGFR or ALK genetic aberrations. In KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G, which included patients with metastatic non-squamous NSCLC regardless of PD-L1 expression level, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) plus chemotherapy (carboplatin plus pemetrexed) achieved a 55 percent objective response rate (ORR) compared to 29 percent for chemotherapy alone, the standard of care, and reduced the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent. To date, KEYTRUDA is the only anti-PD-1 therapy to demonstrate superior efficacy in combination with chemotherapy compared to chemotherapy alone in patients receiving first-line treatment. These data were published today in The Lancet Oncology. “Chemotherapy has been the standard treatment for most patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer for decades, but survival rates remain low,” said Dr. Roger M. Perlmutter, president, Merck Research Laboratories. “Our new data suggest that KEYTRUDA treatment can offer meaningful improvement over chemotherapy in a broad array of patients. In this sense, these studies may represent a turning point in worldwide efforts to control lung cancer. We sincerely thank the patients and the clinical investigators for their participation in our studies. Together we are working to improve the health of more and more patients with cancer.” Merck has submitted KEYNOTE-024 data to regulatory agencies in the United States, Europe, and Japan. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation and Priority Review, with a PDUFA, or target action, date of Dec. 24, 2016. Merck is currently advancing multiple registration-enabling studies in NSCLC with KEYTRUDA as monotherapy and in combination, including the combination of KEYTRUDA plus a platinum/pemetrexed-based chemotherapy regimen in patients with previously untreated, non-squamous NSCLC in the ongoing phase 3 KEYNOTE-189 trial. The KEYTRUDA clinical development program includes more than 350 clinical trials across more than 30 tumor types, including more than 100 trials that combine KEYTRUDA with other cancer treatments. KEYNOTE-024: Data Showed KEYTRUDA was Superior to Chemotherapy for PFS and OS in First-Line Treatment of Metastatic NSCLC KEYNOTE-024 included 305 patients who were previously untreated and whose tumors expressed high levels of PD-L1 (TPS of 50 percent or more). Patients were randomized to receive a 200 mg fixed dose of KEYTRUDA every three weeks (n=154) or four to six cycles of investigator’s choice of one of five platinum-based chemotherapy regimens (n=151): carboplatin or cisplatin plus pemetrexed, carboplatin or cisplatin plus gemcitabine, or carboplatin plus paclitaxel. Pemetrexed maintenance therapy was permitted for patients with non-squamous histologies. Patients randomized to the control arm had the option of crossing over to KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) upon disease progression. The median follow-up was 11.2 months (range, 6.3-19.7). The primary endpoint was PFS; secondary endpoints were OS, ORR, and safety. The findings published in The New England Journal of Medicine demonstrated that KEYTRUDA reduced the risk of progression or death by 50 percent compared to chemotherapy (HR, 0.50 [95% CI, 0.37-0.68]; p<0.001). The median PFS for KEYTRUDA was 10.3 months (95% CI, 6.7-not reached) compared to 6.0 months for chemotherapy (95% CI, 4.2-6.2). At six months, 62.1 percent of patients treated with KEYTRUDA were alive and had no disease progression (95% CI, 53.8-69.4) compared to 50.3 percent of those receiving chemotherapy (95% CI, 41.9-58.2). This benefit was observed in all study subgroups. Additionally, KEYTRUDA resulted in a 40 percent reduction in the risk of death compared with chemotherapy (HR, 0.60 [95% CI, 0.41-0.89]; p=0.005); this finding includes the 66 patients (43.7%) on the chemotherapy arm who crossed over in-study to receive KEYTRUDA once their cancer had progressed; median OS was not reached in either group. Further, ORR was 44.8 percent for patients receiving KEYTRUDA (95% CI, 36.8-53.0), including six complete responses, compared to 27.8 percent with chemotherapy (95% CI, 20.8-35.7), including one complete response. “These data from KEYNOTE-024 demonstrate the potential of KEYTRUDA to change the way non-small cell lung cancer is currently treated,” said Dr. Martin Reck, head of the thoracic oncology dept., LungenClinic Grosshansdorf, Germany, and lead author of TheNew England Journal of Medicine paper. “This provides additional evidence that testing for PD-L1 levels should become standard in lung cancer at first diagnosis to guide treatment decisions.” Additional Findings and Safety Information from KEYNOTE-024 The safety of KEYTRUDA was consistent with what has been seen in previous trials among patients with metastatic NSCLC. The most common treatment-related adverse events for KEYTRUDA were diarrhea (n=22), fatigue (n=16), and pyrexia (n=16). Grade 3-5 treatment-related adverse events for KEYTRUDA included diarrhea (n=6) and pneumonitis (n=4). There was one treatment-related death in a patient receiving KEYTRUDA (cause unknown). Additionally, based on an analysis of duration of response, a pre-specified exploratory endpoint, the median duration of response was not reached with KEYTRUDA (range, 1.9+ to 14.5+ months). The median duration of response with the chemotherapy group was 6.3 months (range, 2.1+ to 12.6+). Median time to response was 2.2 months for both groups. About KEYNOTE-024 KEYNOTE-024 is a randomized, phase 3 study (ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02142738) evaluating KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) as monotherapy compared to standard of care platinum-based chemotherapy in the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC. Patients enrolled were those who had received no prior systemic chemotherapy treatment for their advanced disease, whose tumors did not harbor an EGFR sensitizing mutation or ALK translocation, and whose tumors expressed high levels of PD-L1 (TPS of 50 percent or more) as determined by a central laboratory using an FDA approved companion diagnostic, the Dako PD-L1 IHC 22C3 PharmDx test, from Agilent Technologies. KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G: KEYTRUDA Combined with Chemotherapy Showed Higher Response Rates Compared to Chemotherapy Alone as First-Line Treatment of Metastatic NSCLC KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G, included 123 previously untreated patients with metastatic non-squamous NSCLC regardless of PD-L1 expression and whose tumors did not have EGFR mutations or ALK translocations. Patients were randomized to receive KEYTRUDA plus platinum doublet chemotherapy with pemetrexed and carboplatin (n=60) or platinum doublet chemotherapy alone (n=63). Patients randomized to the chemotherapy-only arm had the option of crossing over to KEYTRUDA monotherapy upon disease progression. The median follow-up was 10.6 months (range, 0.8-19.3). The findings published in The Lancet Oncology demonstrated that ORR nearly doubled by adding KEYTRUDA to chemotherapy, with an ORR of 55 percent (n=33/60) compared to 29 percent (n=18/63) for chemotherapy alone (treatment difference 26%, 95% CI, 9-42%, p=0.0016); all responses were partial. Median duration of response was not reached in either group (range, 1.4+-13.0+ for KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy; 1.4+-15.2+ for chemotherapy alone). Responses in both groups were durable, with 88 percent (n=29/33) of responders in the KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy group and 78 percent (n=14/18) of responders in the chemotherapy alone group experiencing ongoing response at the time of data cut-off. Additionally, the KEYTRUDA combination significantly reduced the risk of disease progression or death compared to chemotherapy alone (hazard ratio 0.53, 95% CI, 0.31-0.91, p=0.0102). Median PFS was 13.0 months with KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy compared to 8.9 months with chemotherapy alone. OS was similar between the two arms, with 92 percent survival at six months in both, and 75 percent and 72 percent survival at 12 months in the KEYTRUDA combination and chemotherapy alone, respectively. Of treated patients on the KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) plus chemotherapy arm, 47 percent remained on treatment as of the cut-off date, compared to 31 percent on chemotherapy alone. Of the treated patients who discontinued treatment on the chemotherapy-only arm, 52 percent (n=32/62) subsequently received anti-PD-L1 therapy, with 32 percent crossing over to KEYTRUDA monotherapy as allowed by the study protocol and 19 percent receiving it outside of study crossover. “The results from KEYNOTE-021 show that pembrolizumab plus chemotherapy nearly doubled the number of patients responding to treatment than chemotherapy alone,” said Dr. Corey Langer, director of thoracic oncology and professor of medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania and lead author of The Lancet Oncology paper. “We are now gaining a better understanding that pembrolizumab combined with chemotherapy may play an important role in the first-line treatment of patients with non-small cell lung cancer.” Additional Safety Information from KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G The most common treatment-related adverse events (occurring in at least 15% of patients) for KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy were fatigue, nausea, anemia, rash, vomiting, diarrhea, increased AST, constipation, decreased appetite, increased ALT, dysgeusia, and decreased neutrophils. Grade 3-4 treatment-related adverse events in this arm included fatigue, nausea, anemia, rash, vomiting, increased AST, increased ALT, and decreased neutrophils. The most common immune-mediated adverse events in patients receiving KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy were hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism. Additionally, pneumonitis, infusion reactions, and severe skin toxicity were noted. These immune-mediated adverse events occurred at similar rates to patients receiving KEYTRUDA as a single agent. There was one treatment-related death from sepsis in a patient receiving KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy, and two (one from sepsis and one from pancytopenia) in patients receiving chemotherapy alone. About KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G Cohort G of the multicenter, open-label, phase 1/2 multi-cohort KEYNOTE-021 study evaluated the efficacy and safety of KEYTRUDA in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin compared with pemetrexed and carboplatin in patients with metastatic, non-squamous, EGFR- and ALK-negative NSCLC in the first-line treatment setting. Patients were randomized 1:1 to four cycles of KEYTRUDA (200 mg plus carboplatin AUC 5 (5 mg/mL/min) plus pemetrexed 500 mg/m [2 ] every three weeks), or carboplatin plus pemetrexed alone, followed by maintenance pemetrexed with or without KEYTRUDA. Randomization was stratified by PD-L1 expression (positive expression defined as TPS of one percent or more; negative expression defined as TPS of less than one percent). Patients randomized to the chemotherapy arm were allowed to cross over to KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) monotherapy if they experienced disease progression. Response was assessed by blinded, independent central review using RECIST 1.1 every six weeks for the first 18 weeks, every nine weeks through the first year, and every 12 weeks in the second year. The primary endpoint was ORR; secondary endpoints included PFS, duration of response, and OS. About KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single use vial. KEYTRUDA Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors express PD-L1 as determined by an FDA-approved test with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy, at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. An improvement in survival or disease-related symptoms has not yet been established. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA [®]  (pembrolizumab) Immune-mediated pneumonitis occurred in 19 (3.5%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (1.1%), 3 (1.3%), 4 (0.4%), or 5 (0.2%) pneumonitis and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of asthma/chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (5.4%) or prior thoracic radiation (6.0%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 4 (0.7%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (0.2%) or 3 (0.4%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. Hypophysitis occurred in 1 (0.2%) of 550 patients, which was Grade 3 in severity. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 10 (1.8%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (0.7%) or 3 (0.3%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 38 (6.9%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (5.5%) or 3 (0.2%) hypothyroidism. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. Type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, occurred in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer anti-hyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. Other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions can occur. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant, immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 550 patients: rash, vasculitis, hemolytic anemia, serum sickness, and myasthenia gravis. Severe and life-threatening infusion-related reactions have been reported in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 14% of 550 patients. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 38% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in at least 2% of patients were pleural effusion, pneumonia, dyspnea, pulmonary embolism, and pneumonitis. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue (44%), cough (29%), decreased appetite (25%), and dyspnea (23%). It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA have not been established in pediatric patients. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck Oncology, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 350 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf  and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161008005065/en/ SOURCE: Merck Media: Pamela Eisele, 267-305-3558 Kim Hamilton, 908-391-0131 or Investors: Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.95 -1.01 (-1.55%) Volume 13.9M Open $64.08 High $64.51 Low $63.58 P/E Ratio 32.63 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 176.3B LatestNews
Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 9:50 P.M. ET Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 8:44 P.M. ET Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie 8:29 P.M. ET Trump-branded properties are poised for a rebound 8:16 P.M. ET ISIS urges truck attacks, says Thanksgiving Day Parade an ‘excellent target’ 7:49 P.M. ET May to say U.K. will pursue free trade while protecting workers at home 7:40 P.M. ET Japan's economy surged forward in Q3 7:36 P.M. ET Look up tonight to see the biggest supermoon in 68 years 6:53 P.M. ET EU vows to work with Trump administration while standing firm on key issues 6:41 P.M. ET Facebook stops allowing ads to target specific ethnic groups 6:32 P.M. ET Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 6:28 P.M. ET Updated Pro-Russian presidential candidates win in Bulgaria, Moldova 5:55 P.M. ET Experts forecast rising GDP, inflation and risks 5:52 P.M. ET VW, Audi confirm probe into Audi emissions 5:09 P.M. ET Blockbuster deals would make AMC No. 1 theater chain in world 5:00 P.M. ET Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 4:54 P.M. ET Paul Ryan likely to remain House Speaker 4:41 P.M. ET Updated Trump names RNC head Reince Priebus as chief of staff 4:31 P.M. ET Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 2:15 P.M. ET My mother-in-law is being bled dry by her incarcerated brother 1:15 P.M. ET The Secret to Successful Mole Catching Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Showed Continued Overall Survival Benefit Compared to Chemotherapy with Longer Follow-Up in Patients with Previously Treated Metastatic Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer in Data to Be Presented at ESMO 2016 Congress By Published: Oct 9, 2016 2:15 a.m. ET Share Results from KEYNOTE-010 Include Improved Patient-Reported Health-Related Quality of Life Outcomes and 18-Month Findings of Overall Survival and Progression-Free Survival in Previously Treated Patients Whose Tumors Express PD-L1 (Tumor Proportion Score of One Percent or More) KENILWORTH, N.J., Oct 09, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Merck MRK, -1.55% known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, demonstrated superiority in overall survival (OS) at 18 months compared to standard of care chemotherapy (docetaxel) in patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) previously treated with platinum-containing chemotherapy whose tumors expressed PD-L1 (tumor proportion score [TPS] of one percent or more), as well as patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of 50 percent or more). These data, from the phase 2/3 KEYNOTE-010 trial, will be presented at the ESMO 2016 Congress, the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology, in Copenhagen(Abstract #LBA48). “These findings – which show superior survival with longer follow-up across patients with PD-L1 expression (tumor proportion score of one percent or more), as well as improved quality of life – point to KEYTRUDA as a durable treatment option for many previously treated patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer,” said Roy S. Herbst, M.D., Ph.D., professor of medicine and chief of medical oncology, Yale Cancer Center and Smilow Cancer Hospital at Yale New Haven. “These data also reinforce the value of using PD-L1 as a biomarker to identify patients who are likely to benefit from KEYTRUDA.” In additional data at the ESMO 2016 Congress from KEYNOTE-010, an analysis of patient-reported health-related quality of lifeoutcomes showed more patients treated with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) reported positive outcomes compared to patients treated with chemotherapy (Abstract #1219P). Separately at the ESMO 2016 Congress, researchers presented an analysis of PD-L1 prevalence across three separate studies, including KEYNOTE-010. Overall, 66 percent of patients with metastatic NSCLC expressed any level of PD-L1, and 28 percent expressed high levels of PD-L1 (Abstract #1060P). “Our research in immuno-oncology continues to show tremendous promise, with our goal being to extend the lives of significant numbers of patients with non-small cell lung cancer,” said Roger Dansey, M.D., senior vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. “In this longer-term analysis of KEYNOTE-010, among patients who responded to treatment, four times as many patients receiving KEYTRUDA were still alive without disease progression compared to docetaxel. It is gratifying to see these results continue with additional follow-up.” Merck has a robust clinical development program for KEYTRUDA in lung cancer, with multiple registration-enabling studies currently underway. The KEYTRUDA clinical development program includes more than 30 tumor types in more than 350 clinical trials, including more than 100 trials that combine KEYTRUDA with other cancer treatments. Efficacy and Safety Findings from KEYNOTE-010 (Abstract #LBA48) KEYNOTE-010 is a global, open-label, randomized, pivotal phase 2/3 study evaluating KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg or 10 mg/kg every three weeks) compared to standard of care chemotherapy (docetaxel, 75 mg/m [2]  every three weeks) in patients with previously treated metastatic NSCLC. The primary endpoints were OS and progression-free survival (PFS) and were assessed based on patients whose tumors expressed PD-L1 (TPS of one percent or more) and high levels of PD-L1 (TPS of 50 percent or more). Secondary endpoints included overall response rate (ORR) and duration of response. KEYNOTE-010 is the first study of its kind to evaluate the potential of an immunotherapy compared to chemotherapy based on prospective measurement of PD-L1 expression in patients with metastatic NSCLC. As previously announced, the study met its primary objective, showing that KEYTRUDA significantly improved OS compared to chemotherapy in patients with PD-L1 expression (TPS of one percent or more). Findings were similar in patients who received the FDA-approved dose of KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg every three weeks) and an investigational dose of KEYTRUDA (10 mg/kg every three weeks). These data also served as the basis for the KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) application approval by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in July of this year and are currently under review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the second-line or greater NSCLC treatment setting. At the ESMO 2016 Congress, data from this study of 1,034 patients included six months of additional follow-up, with a median follow-up of 19.2 months (range, 11.7-29.7), and showed superior outcomes of OS, PFS, and ORR with KEYTRUDA compared to docetaxel in patients with PD-L1 expression (TPS of one percent or more) as well as high levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of 50 percent or more) – with consistency of outcomes across KEYTRUDA doses. In patients with PD-L1 expression (TPS of one percent or more), OS at 18 months was 37 percent (HR, 0.72 [95% CI, 0.60-0.87]; p=0.0003) with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg, 43 percent (HR, 0.60 [95% CI, 0.50-0.73]; p<0.00001) with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg, and 24 percent with docetaxel. Among all patients, median OS was 10.5 months with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg, 13.6 months with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg, and 8.6 months with docetaxel. ORR was 19 percent (95% CI, 15-23, p=0.00025) with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg, 20 percent (95% CI, 16-25, p=0.00004) with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg and 10 percent (95% CI, 7-13) with docetaxel. Responses to KEYTRUDA continued to be durable; among patients with any level of PD-L1 expression who responded to treatment, 60 percent on each of the KEYTRUDA treatment arms were alive, progression-free, and had not received additional therapy for their disease, compared to 15 percent in the docetaxel treatment arm. In patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of 50 percent or more), OS at 18 months was 46 percent (HR, 0.54 [95% CI, 0.39-0.73]; p=0.00004) with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg, 52 percent with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg (HR, 0.48 [95% CI, 0.35-0.66]; p<0.00001), and 24 percent with docetaxel. In this group, median OS was 15.8 months with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg, 18.8 months with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg, and 8.2 months with docetaxel. ORR was 29 percent (95% CI, 22-38, p<0.00001) with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg, 32 percent (95% CI, 24-40, p<0.00001) with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg, and nine percent (95% CI, 5-14) with docetaxel. Responses to KEYTRUDA continued to be durable; among patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression who responded to treatment, 68 and 63 percent on the KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg treatment arms, respectively, were alive, progression-free, and had not received additional therapy for their disease, compared to 15 percent in the docetaxel treatment arm. The safety profile of KEYTRUDA was consistent with that observed in previously reported studies of KEYTRUDA. Treatment-related adverse events remained lower with KEYTRUDA compared to docetaxel. Among the total study population, 13, 17, and 36 percent of patients experienced Grades 3-5 treatment-related adverse events with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) 2 mg/kg, KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg, and docetaxel, respectively. Compared with the previous analysis, two additional patients in the KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg arm and five patients in the KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg arm experienced immune-mediated adverse events, none of which led to death. Grade 3-5 immune-mediated adverse events that occurred in two or more patients included pneumonitis (n=14), severe skin toxicities (n=8), and colitis (n=4). Additional immune-mediated adverse events observed in at least two patients in the KEYTRUDA arms of the study included hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, pancreatitis, adrenal insufficiency, myositis, thyroiditis, hepatitis, hypophysitis, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. In this study to date, there have been 10 treatment-related adverse events that led to death, two with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg, three with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg, and five with docetaxel. These data will be presented in a poster discussion session on Oct. 9 from 2:45 – 4:15 p.m. CEST (Abstract #LBA48) (location:Oslo). Patient-Reported Outcomes Findings from KEYNOTE-010 (Abstract #1219P) Also reported at the ESMO 2016 Congress were health-related quality of life (HRQoL) outcomes from the KEYNOTE-010 trial. Findings were based on patient-reported assessments using the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Questionnaire Core 30 (EORTC QLQ-C30), EORTC QLQ Lung Cancer 13, and EuroQol-5D-3L instruments to measure for outcomes such as physical, role, emotional, cognitive, and social functioning, as well as lung cancer and treatment-related symptoms, among other measures. Overall, from baseline to the 12-week assessment, patients treated with KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg or 10 mg/kg every three weeks) reported numeric improvements, some of which were significant, in HRQoL and prolonged time to deterioration of lung cancer symptoms (defined using a composite endpoint of cough, dyspnea, and chest pain) compared with docetaxel (75 mg/m [2]  every three weeks). These findings, along with results from additional patient-reported outcomes analyses, suggest that HRQoL and symptoms were maintained or improved more with KEYTRUDA than with docetaxel. These data were presented in a poster session on Oct. 8 from 1 – 2 p.m. CEST (location:Hall E). PD-L1 Prevalence Findings from KEYNOTE-001, -010, and -024 (Abstract #1060P) Results from a third NSCLC abstract at the ESMO 2016 Congress explored, for the first time, the prevalence of PD-L1 in patients screened across multiple studies. The analysis assessed 4,784 patients with NSCLC who had tumors evaluable for PD-L1 expression and were screened for eligibility in three registrational studies of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) – KEYNOTE-001, KEYNOTE-010, and KEYNOTE-024. Based on this pooled analysis, 66 percent of patients across all three trials were determined to express PD-L1 (TPS of one percent or more) and 28 percent were determined to have high levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of 50 percent or more). These findings were similar across demographic and disease characteristics examined, including prior lines of therapy, age, tumor source (primary and metastases), and histology (squamous and non-squamous). These data will be presented in a poster session on Oct. 9 from 1 – 2 p.m. CEST (location:Hall E). About KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single use vial. KEYTRUDA Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors express PD-L1 as determined by an FDA-approved test with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy, at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. An improvement in survival or disease-related symptoms has not yet been established. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA [®]  (pembrolizumab) Immune-mediated pneumonitis occurred in 19 (3.5%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (1.1%), 3 (1.3%), 4 (0.4%), or 5 (0.2%) pneumonitis and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of asthma/chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (5.4%) or prior thoracic radiation (6.0%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 4 (0.7%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (0.2%) or 3 (0.4%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. Hypophysitis occurred in 1 (0.2%) of 550 patients, which was Grade 3 in severity. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 10 (1.8%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (0.7%) or 3 (0.3%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 38 (6.9%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (5.5%) or 3 (0.2%) hypothyroidism. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. Type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, occurred in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer anti-hyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. Other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions can occur. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant, immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 550 patients: rash, vasculitis, hemolytic anemia, serum sickness, and myasthenia gravis. Severe and life-threatening infusion-related reactions have been reported in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 14% of 550 patients. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 38% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in at least 2% of patients were pleural effusion, pneumonia, dyspnea, pulmonary embolism, and pneumonitis. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue (44%), cough (29%), decreased appetite (25%), and dyspnea (23%). It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA have not been established in pediatric patients. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck Oncology, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 350 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf  and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161008005057/en/ SOURCE: Merck Merck Media: Pamela Eisele, 267-305-3558 or Courtney Ronaldo, 908-236-1108 or Investors: Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.95 -1.01 (-1.55%) Volume 13.9M Open $64.08 High $64.51 Low $63.58 P/E Ratio 32.63 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 176.3B LatestNews


  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck drug shines in lung cancer and also works with chemo By Reuters Published: 02:19 EST, 9 October 2016 | Updated: 02:19 EST, 9 October 2016 e-mail By Ben Hirschler COPENHAGEN, Oct 9 (Reuters) - Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. In contrast to rival Bristol-Myers Squibb, whose Opdivo drug failed to help such first-line patients, Keytruda was targeted at people who express high levels of a protein called PD-L1, which makes them more receptive to immunotherapy. U.S. regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at the annual European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress. The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been sceptical about this approach and investors' expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck's combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck's head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer, the biggest cancer killer globally, viewed as the largest market. Results of Bristol's failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for "all comers" in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company's market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. Results of Merck's two trials were published online in the New England Journal of Medicine and the Lancet Oncology journal. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Stephen Powell) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Bristol-Myers Squibb, Myriad Genetics, and Twilio Slumped Today Despite a rising market, these stocks fell. Find out why. Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Oct 10, 2016 at 6:42PM The stock market performed well on Monday, with the Dow climbing 88 points and other major market benchmarks posting similar gains of roughly half a percent. Many investors were pleased with the continued advances in the crude oil market, where prices approached the $52-per-barrel level on news of potential supply constraints because of Russian production controls and measures from OPEC member nations. Yet even though the stock market rose and sent the Energy Select SPDR ETF (NYSEMKT:XLE) up more than 1.5%, some stocks nevertheless lost substantial ground. Among the worst perfomers were Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY), Myriad Genetics (NASDAQ:MYGN), and Twilio (NYSE:TWLO). Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb. Bristol faces a competitive setback Bristol-Myers Squibb lost more than 10% after a tough weekend for the drug-maker. On one hand, the company's presentation at the European Society for Medical Oncology showed few signs of any positive signs for its Checkmate-026 trial of its Opdivo candidate treatment for a form of lung cancer. At the same time, competitor Merck (NYSE:MRK) announced much more encouraging trial data for its Keytruda lung-cancer drug, setting the stage for a competitive showdown in which the odds will be very much in Merck's favor. If Merck gets the upper hand, then it will be extremely difficult for Bristol's Opdivo to meet the expectations that its shareholders have for the drug, and that could put even further pressure on the drug-maker's shares going forward. Analysts hit Myriad shares Myriad Genetics dropped 12% in the wake of an analyst's downgrade of the genetic testing company's stock. Analysts at Ladenburg Thalmann downgraded shares of Myriad Genetics from neutral to sell. The current target price of $16 per share for the stock would imply even further downside from current levels, and investors are increasingly worried about potential competition. For instance, Myriad currently relies heavily on its BRACAnalysis test for breast and ovarian cancer, but some potential competitors believe that they can offer reduced pricing that could hurt Myriad's business model in the long run. The question is how long Myriad can ride its first-mover advantage, but the prospect of an end to its competitive moat is making some Myriad Genetics shareholders take a hard look at their shares today. Twilio's early investors sell out Finally, Twilio plunged 14%. The company said late Friday that it would register a follow-on public offering of stock, allowing several of its existing stockholders to liquidate all or part of their holdings in the company. Twilio expects to issue $50 million in new stock in the offering, with the proceeds going to the company. However, the remaining $350 million in offered shares would represent holdings of third-party shareholders, and Twilio won't see any of those proceeds. The move comes as somewhat of a surprise because lock-up provisions for the newly public company weren't set to expire until late December. Given the success that the smartphone messaging and video specialist's stock has seen, it's no surprise that institutional investors want to book profits, and for long-term investors who believe in the company's prospects down the road, the drop could represent a good opportunity for more investment. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 6:42PM Financials Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.95 down $-1.01 (-1.55%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.37 down $0.29 (-0.51%) Myriad Genetics NASDAQ:MYGN $17.29 down $0.09 (-0.52%) Energy Select Sector SPDR NYSEMKT:XLE $69.46 down $-1.29 (-1.82%) Twilio Inc. NYSE:TWLO $31.56 up $0.06 (0.19%) Read More How Donald Trump Could Affect Your Personal Finances 4 Tax Moves You Can Make Today to Avoid an Audit Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 3 Undervalued Growth Stocks Ready to Be Bought Now The First Details of Intel Corporation's Gemini Lake Chip Emerge Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
U.S. stocks rise as energy companies and Apple move higher | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Donald Trump NAFTA Conservative leadership Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News CTV's Question Period W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement U.S. stocks rise as energy companies and Apple move higher People walk past the electronic board showing the Nikkei stock index, left, in Tokyo, Thursday, June 16, 2016. (AP / Shuji Kajiyama) Marley Jay, The Associated Press Published Monday, October 10, 2016 1:38AM EDT Last Updated Monday, October 10, 2016 12:47PM EDT NEW YORK -- U.S. stocks are rising Monday as energy companies rise in tandem with the price of oil, which is trading at a three-month high. Apple is climbing after new reports of fires affecting Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple's iPhone. That's sending technology stocks higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 97 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 18,337 as of 12:40 p.m. Eastern time. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 2,164. The Nasdaq composite added 41 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 5,333. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.33, or 2.7 per cent, to $51.14 a barrel in New York while Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.13, or 2.2 per cent, to $53.06 a barrel in London. Exxon Mobil climbed $1.56, or 1.8 per cent, to $88.30 and Murphy Oil added 64 cents, or 2.2 per cent, to $30.16. SHOT IN THE ARM: Drugmaker Mylan gained $3.11, or 8.7 per cent, to $39.05. On Friday the company agreed to pay $465 million to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid program for its EpiPen allergy shot. Legislators and federal health authorities had said Mylan wrongly classified EpiPen as a generic drug instead of a brand-name one, which meant Mylan paid lower rebates to federal and state Medicaid programs. The stock is down 20 per cent since late August. BRISTOL BUMPED: Bristol-Myers Squibb lost $5.55, or 10 per cent, to $49.89 after the company reported new data from a study of its drug Opdivo in lung cancer patients. Rival Merck rose $1.13, or 1.8 per cent, to $63.91 as investors were pleased with the outcome of a study of its cancer treatment Keytruda. Bristol-Myers stock has dropped 34 per cent since the company announced initial results from that trial in early August while Merck has gained 10 per cent. TWITTER BLOCKED: Social media network Twitter continued to fall as investors grew less optimistic that the company will be sold. Twitter sank $2.67, or 13.5 per cent, to $17.18. It fell 20 per cent Thursday on reports that possible buyers including Apple and Alphabet had decided not to make offers. Salesforce.com, which investors believe is a possible buyer, rose $4.25, or 6 per cent, to $75.16. SAMSUNG'S PAIN, APPLE'S GAIN: Apple climbed $2.24, or 2 per cent, to $116.30 as investors hope it will be able to sell more iPhones as competitor Samsung faced new problems with its Galaxy Note 7. Samsung said it has changed its production of the phones following reports that some of its replacement phones are overheating and catching fire, just as the original version of the phone did before Samsung recalled it last month. Samsung did not confirm or deny a report from a Korean news agency that it suspended production of the Note 7 phone. PESOS AND PRESIDENTS: The Mexican peso surged to 18.8815 from 19.2961 following a calamitous weekend for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Trump has criticized Mexico and its trade agreements with the U.S., so the peso has become something of an indicator of how investors feel about the election. The currency has tended to weak when investors feel Trump is doing better and gets stronger when investors feel more confident in Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton's chances. The U.S. buys about 80 per cent of Mexico's exports, which gives it a big influence on the Mexican economy. The peso has fallen sharply this year but is currently the strongest it's been in about a month. DOVER DIVES: Manufacturer Dover forecast a smaller profit and a bigger decline in revenue because of weaker spending in several industries and production problems in its retail refrigeration unit. The company also said its purchase of British company Wayne Fueling Systems won't close until early next year because regulators in the United Kingdom are still reviewing the deal. The stock gave up $4.93, or 6.8 per cent, to $67.31. OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX rose 1.3 per cent and the CAC-40 in France was 1.1 per cent higher. The FTSE 100 in London rose 0.8 per cent. The Kospi in South Korea rose 0.1 per cent. Japan's markets were closed for a holiday. CURRENCY: The dollar rose to 103.66 yen from 103.06 yen Friday. The euro fell to $1.1152 from $1.1182, and the British pound fell to $1.2383 from $1.2435. Bond trading was closed for the Columbus Day holiday. Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV Montreal: A shocking fine Air Date: November 13, 2016 false CTV News Channel: Candidates receive threats Air Date: November 13, 2016 false CTV's Question Period for Sunday, November 13, 2016 Air Date: November 13, 2016 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More news from Business Toyota to pay up to $3.4 billion to settle US truck lawsuit Unlimited vacation: The ultimate work perk, but experts warn of pitfalls Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week Chaos as millions in India crowd banks to exchange currency Lego won't advertise in Britain's Daily Mail anymore Computer outage briefly grounds flights on several airlines Join the conversation... Advertisement BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Weekly with Andrew McCreath for Friday, November 11, 2016 _ WATCH: Darren Sissons' Top Picks _ WATCH: Darren Sissons discusses Samsung _ WATCH: Darren Sissons discusses Walt Disney CTV News Video Network false At least two dead as 7.8 magnitude quake hits New Zealand CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 Powerful earthquake strikes New Zealand, killing 2 3 2 'Huge' opportunity for Canada following Trump's win 1 3 'Enjoy the super moonlight': Extra-special celestial treat happening Monday 2 4 Kellie Leitch: 'I am not a racist' 2 5 Missing Sask. girl found dead; Amber Alert cancelled 4 6 Trump names Priebus, Bannon to senior White House roles 8 7 Anti-Trump protesters march by tens of thousands nationwide 7 8 Clinton blames FBI director for presidential election loss 9 Dave Chappelle, 'SNL' give thoughtful coda to election 1 10 Crowdfunding campaign for mother of slain Sask. girl raises more than $23K Don't Miss false Couple shocked after $441 fine for not registering dog false Special gift: Remembrance Day act of kindness creates bond false Moon's orbit to be closest to Earth since 1948 You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Canadians protest Donald Trump in Toronto 'There's nothing to come back to': 200 still displaced after July tornado in Manitoba Final work underway to lift sunken tug off B.C. coast WORLD Trump puts flame-throwing outsider on the inside Colombia tries again for peace with sides signing new accord Report: carbon emissions flat in last 3 years ENTERTAINMENT Leonard Cohen's son Adam thanks public for support following singer's death Rocker Leon Russell dies in Nashville 'Challenging language:' Edmonton academic studies versions of 1st Inuit novel HEALTH Three arthritis pain drugs prove safe for the heart It's not all in the genes: Clean living can cut heart risks Mother skeptical of investigation into son's deadly overdose at treatment centre POLITICS Conservative leadership rivals debate best path to reviving party fortunes Trudeau hopes to attract billions in private capital for infrastructure projects 'Huge' opportunity for Canada following Trump's win SCI-TECH At $800K a pop, new U.S. Navy destroyer's ammo is in question $12.9B, 4.5 acres: Navy's next-generation aircraft carrier 'Enjoy the super moonlight': Extra-special celestial treat happening Monday BUSINESS Toyota to pay up to $3.4 billion to settle US truck lawsuit Unlimited vacation: The ultimate work perk, but experts warn of pitfalls Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week SPORTS Jenning's late TD helps Lion beat Bombers in West semifinal Goydos wins Champions finale, Langer takes season title Usain Bolt to train with German soccer team Borussia Dortmund AUTOS Why the sky could be the limit for this Ferrari 250 GTO Porsche to stretch the appeal of the Panamera in LA Toronto police halt new 'militaristic' cars after council steps in Lifestyle Male MPs with kids work hard to mix fatherhood with politics American millennial on track to break world record for visiting every country on earth Norwegian grandmaster adds sex appeal to chess CTV News on the Go CTV News on the Go: Sunday, Nov. 13. 2016 Thousands call for South Korea's president to resign Russia clears 4,000 Nazi-era bombs in Crimea In Pictures   Lest we Forget: Remembrance Day marked in Canada Leonard Cohen, a life in pictures 'Not my president': Anti-Trump protests erupt Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2016 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 49° F Clear Hi: 55° F Lo: 38° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Latest Headlines 10 Things to Know for Monday Updated: 21 mins ago Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Monday: 1. TRUMP FILLS TWO KEY JOBS Republi… Japan’s economy grows 2.2 pct year-on-year in last quarter Updated: 23 mins ago TOKYO (AP) — Japan reports that its economy grew at a 2.2 percent annualized pace in the July-September quarter, better than many analysts h… Lawyers file motion to delay Trump University trial Updated: 33 mins ago Odor still lingers in Lackawanna, air quality deemed safe Updated: 48 mins ago Burglar dressed as ninja takes katana sword from card shop Updated: 13 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 49° F Clear Feels Like: 44° F Wind: SW 14 Humidity: 41% Dewpoint: 26° F Sunrise: 7:05 AM Sunset: 4:52 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 A Southern Tier family wants justice, not just for themselves, but for domestic violence victims across New York state. They think you shoul… EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Humboldt House cited for ‘rodent infestation’ issues August 9, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Zaynah Robinson leads Norfolk State over Shenandoah 78-58 Updated: 18 mins ago NORFOLK, Va. (AP) — Zaynah Robinson had 18 points and seven assists to lead Norfolk State over Division III Shenandoah 78-58 on Sunday night… No. 14 Miami women slip past Albany 77-53 Updated: 18 mins ago LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) — Laura Cornelius scored 12 points, including the go-ahead 3-pointer, to lead No. 14 Miami past Albany for a 77-53 win S… Oni, Downey lift Yale past Washington 98-90 Updated: 18 mins ago Southern California rallies to beat Omaha 82-72 Updated: 18 mins ago Women’s Top 25 Fared Updated: 48 mins ago Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 49° F Clear Hi: 55° F Lo: 38° F Asian stocks mostly up amid reports on Samsung, oil supply The Associated Press Published: October 10, 2016, 12:44 pm Updated: October 10, 2016, 11:24 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday, while South Korea’s benchmark fell following reports of fresh problems with Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 phone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.2 percent to 17,046.16. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. South Korea’s Kospi slipped 0.9 percent to 2,039.04. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added nearly 0.2 percent to 5,484.60. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was flat at 23,849.01, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.3 percent to 3,057.02. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed. SAMSUNG WOES: Shares in Samsung Electronics fell 5.4 percent after the company said it was sales of its Note 7 smartphones. It advised customers to turn off their devices or replace them. Samsung issued a worldwide recall of the Note 7, a huge phone-bordering-on-tablet with a powerful battery, in late September after the devices were found to have a tendency to catch fire. South Korean officials said Tuesday that replacement devices have also overheated or caught fire. WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. OIL AND RUSSIA: Oil prices fell slightly after spiking to their highest level in a year after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia, which is not a member of OPEC, supports a preliminary agreement by OPEC nations to cut oil output. THE QUOTE: “It was Russia to the rescue last night, as Vladimir Putin said Russia was ready to join with OPEC in creating a deal to curb production and pump up prices. At the same Energy Congress in Istanbul, the ever outspoken Algerian Energy Minister called on other non-OPEC producers to join them,” Jeff Halley, a senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a commentary. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 11 cents to $51.24. It added $1.54 to $51.35 a barrel in New York on Monday, its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 7 cents to $53.07 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 103.94 yen from 102.96 yen late Monday in Asia. The euro fell to $ 1.1128 from $1.1192. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Number of drug dependent babies in parts of WNY on track to double this year November 11, 2016 Hundreds of babies are expected to go through withdrawal this year as the opioid epidemic continues in Erie County. Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections News and weather for: [change] Health Sunday, Nov. 13, 2016    Last update: 8:39 p.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Blogs News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Merck tops as lung cancer treatment moves past chemotherapy Print Email Share Tweet By Naomi Kresge and Allison Connolly, Bloomberg Posted Oct. 10, 2016, at 12:34 p.m. Lung cancer treatment is moving beyond chemotherapy, with Merck and Co. setting the pace in a new category of therapies that harness the body’s immune system to fight tumors. The U.S. drugmaker’s Keytruda medicine reduced the risk of death or cancer progression by 50 percent, Merck said, unveiling details of a crucial study at a meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology. The medicine gave patients an average of 10.3 months before their cancer progressed, compared with six months on chemotherapy. Unlike competitor Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., whose similar drug Opdivo failed in an advanced trial and caused its stock to plunge, Merck selected patients who harbored high levels of a protein thought to predict how well the immune-system drugs will work. The results give Merck a head start — and not just on Bristol-Myers. Roche Holding and AstraZeneca are also in the race for the best new immune therapy against lung tumors, the most common cancer in the world. While Merck and Bristol-Myers are the leaders, each of the four companies will probably be able to take a piece of the market as data emerges from single and combination therapies for patients with various levels of the predictive protein, said Mirjam Heeb, who helps manage $186 million in health care stocks, including Bristol-Myers, Roche and Merck, at GAM Holding in Zurich. Story continues below advertisement. “We can assume now that Merck has a lead of at least 12 months” in its target patient group, Heeb said in a telephone interview. “But the overall landscape is changing so fast that I think it’s impossible to predict what it will look like in 12 months.” Doctors will probably start testing patients soon after diagnosis to see whether they’re suited to treatment with Keytruda and can forgo the many side effects of chemotherapy, said Stefan Zimmermann, a chief oncologist at the Cantonal Hospital of Fribourg, Switzerland. “The main reaction will actually be relief and renewed hope,” Zimmermann said Sunday from the meeting in Copenhagen. “We have been waiting for ways to ditch the good old chemotherapy that carries significant toxicity.” The Food and Drug Administration is set to decide by Dec. 24 whether Keytruda, already approved for patients whose lung cancer got worse after chemotherapy, can be used as an initial treatment too. Some 224,000 Americans will probably be diagnosed with lung tumors this year, according to the National Cancer Institute. Much of the battle for dominance in lung immune-oncology drugs thus far has centered on whether patients need to show high levels of a protein called PD-L1 to benefit. Merck’s trial focused on patients whose tumors expressed PD-L1 at least half the time. That group could comprise as many as one-quarter of newly-diagnosed lung-cancer patients, said Sam Fazeli, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. By contrast, Bristol-Myers’s competing therapy, Opdivo, failed a test as a sole treatment for lung cancer after the company included patients with lower levels of PD-L1. But details of the trial unveiled at the conference pointed to lackluster results even in a narrower group of patients with high PD-L1 levels. “PD-L1 assessment has to be part of the standard diagnostic workup,” said Corey Langer, director of the thoracic oncology program at the Abramson Cancer Center at the University of Pennsylvania. “Patients can’t wait for these results.” Shares of Merck have gained 19 percent this year, while Bristol has declined 19 percent. AstraZeneca has risen about 10 percent, and Roche has lost 13 percent. Langer led a smaller trial of Merck’s Keytruda also presented in Copenhagen, which combined the drug with chemotherapy and also let in all patients, no matter their PD-L1 levels. The combination was almost twice as successful at shrinking lung cancer tumors than a standard chemotherapy regimen. But with just 123 patients, the trial was too small to say for sure whether the combination is better than immune therapy alone, Langer said. Roche also presented results showing its immune therapy contender, Tecentriq, helped patients whose lung tumors had already progressed. Tecentriq was approved by regulators in May for advanced bladder cancer, and Roche expects a ruling from the FDA in second-line lung cancer by the end of next week. Results for newly diagnosed patients aren’t expected before 2018, however. By then, Fazeli said, investors will be focusing on combination therapies. The first results from two immune therapies used together will probably come next year from AstraZeneca. Bristol-Myers is also working on such a combination, with data due out in 2018. Like Merck, Roche is combining its immune-oncology drug with chemotherapy, aiming for approval in 2018. “Given the data you see here with Keytruda alone, the combinations should by logic and by data seem to do better,” Fazeli said. Jared S. Hopkins and Ketaki Gokhale contributed.   Recommend this article SEE COMMENTS → Previous story:« A new study says birth control pills may make you depressed, but that’s not news to many women Next story:United by pot, divided by policy: How Maine’s pro-marijuana forces disagree » News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Speed, alcohol cited as factors in crash that killed 2 on Golden Road Defying trend, Northeast Harbor on MDI says no to cruise ships The Mars Hill bank robbery that shocked Maine 45 years ago How LePage lost and won the 2016 election Speed, alcohol cited as factors in fatal rollover crash in The County Five things that explain Donald Trump’s stunning presidential election victory Trump owes women a sincere apology and a pledge before he becomes president Yes on 1 fallout Monday, Nov. 14, 2016: Make government dignified again, 2018 midterm crucial for Democrats, equality will prevail Why all Americans should stand for the national anthem UMaine football team beats Stony Brook, keeps playoff hopes alive Vivians powers No. 10 Mississippi State past UMaine women for tourney title ‘Where have most of the basketball positive role models gone, long time passing”? Maine Men’s Basketball: Just imagine Boetsch scores first-round TKO at UFC 205 RESEARCH SHOWS Moving forward: Six things you can do if you are dissatisfied with Tuesday’s election OFF THE RIM ‘Where have most of the basketball positive role models gone, long time passing”? GEORGE DANBY | EDITORIAL CARTOONIST Yes on 1 fallout THE GLOCAL The World Ahead of Us THE DRIVE DeVito’s Patriots notebook: Week 10 vs Seattle Leon Russell, musician known for dynamic performances, dies at 74 Five decades and 200 films later, Jackie Chan ‘finally’ wins Oscar Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs The Day Job The Spreadsheet or the People? The Spreadsheet or the People? Top Stories Buyers of North Woods lands hopeful about future of Maine forest products How a Trump presidency could affect life in Maine Navy veteran, 92, recalls attack on Pearl Harbor 75 years ago Transgender teen’s suicide raises concerns about Maine youth corrections center Crash on Interstate 95 near Medway leaves 1 dead, another in critical condition How LePage lost and won the 2016 election Messages of love replace campaign signs in Maine town Trump owes women a sincere apology and a pledge before he becomes president Similar Articles 5.31.2014 Eli Lilly drug prolongs survival in large lung cancer trial 10.9.2014 Scientists find lung cancer can lie hidden for 20 years 9.4.2015 Scientists turn to aspirin to turbo-charge cancer immunotherapy 1.25.2012 Studies: Avastin may fight early breast cancers 9.28.2015 Roche drug succeeds in hard-to-treat form of multiple sclerosis More in Health   What’s so great about the Community Connector?   Case of rare, infectious brain illness confirmed at Maine Med   Voters in York County towns demand end to water fluoridation   In a world gone mad, the answer might be a safety pin   Most Mainers who die by gun turned one on themselves Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska In its First Decade, Rotavirus Vaccination Has Saved Thousands of Children --CHOP and Wistar Vaccine Inventors Mark a Milestone in Global Public Health-- News provided by The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia Oct 10, 2016, 11:00 ET Share this article PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Vaccines are one of the paramount public health successes of the 20th century, and this new century has added another milestone to that history: vaccinations that block rotavirus, a major worldwide killer of children under five. Two Philadelphia research institutions are marking the 10th anniversary of a vaccine against rotavirus, a widespread microbe that infects the gastrointestinal system, causing severe, life-threatening diarrhea and vomiting. The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP) and The Wistar Institute carried out the early research, beginning in the 1980s, that culminated in the Rotateq® vaccine being approved by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration in 2006. It was added to the list of routine childhood vaccinations that same year. Together with Rotarix®, another rotavirus vaccine approved in 2008, vaccination efforts have profoundly reduced death and suffering from rotavirus infections in the U.S. and worldwide. Continue Reading Paul Offit, MD, director of the Vaccine Education Center at CHOP, fellow Rotateq(R) inventor Stanley Plotkin, MD, and Penny M. Heaton, MD, director of Vaccine Development at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, joined leaders from Wistar and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on a panel at an October 6 event held at The Wistar Institute: "Celebrating 10 Years of Rotavirus Prevention." "Before rotavirus vaccination, roughly half a million children would go to U.S. emergency rooms every year from this infection," said Paul Offit, MD, director of the Vaccine Education Center at CHOP, and one of the three co-inventors of Rotateq®. "Of that number, 75,000 children would be hospitalized with severe dehydration, and 20 to 60 would die. Today, child hospitalizations from rotavirus have dropped by 85 percent in this country." Worldwide, progress has occurred, but much remains to be done. "Rotavirus kills almost 2,000 children each day throughout the world, but as the vaccines get into low-income parts of Asia, Africa and Latin America, they will save hundreds of children's lives per day," said Offit. Offit, fellow Rotateq® inventor Stanley Plotkin, MD, and Penny M. Heaton, MD, director of Vaccine Development at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, joined leaders from Wistar and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on a panel at an October 6 event held at The Wistar Institute: "Celebrating 10 Years of Rotavirus Prevention.*" "This event is a great opportunity to celebrate the development, implementation and impact of the Rotateq® vaccine, but most importantly to tell the story of the scientists involved, the hurdles and successes of the work and the incredible impact that was made across the globe," said Dario C. Altieri, MD, president and CEO of The Wistar Institute and director of Wistar's Cancer Center. Offit and Plotkin, along with H Fred Clark, DVM, PhD, were the scientific trio who performed early research on rotavirus between 1980 and 1991 at both CHOP and Wistar. Plotkin was a veteran vaccine researcher, having already invented the vaccine for rubella (German measles). Clark, a veterinarian, understood how rotavirus infected all mammals, and isolated a bovine strain of rotavirus that served as a foundation for the new vaccine. And Offit, fresh from his pediatric residency, drew on his training in immunology and virology to help design the optimal combination of components to prevent rotavirus's worst effects. For those efforts, the three scientists shared CHOP's highest honor, its Gold Medal, in 2006. Clark died in 2012. Building on this initial research, Merck & Co., Inc. tested the Rotateq® vaccine between 1990 and 2006 in a series of studies spanning 11 countries and involving 72,000 subjects. "From research to development to implementation, each phase becomes successively more difficult—and expensive," said Offit. At the time, Heaton was Merck's senior director for vaccine clinical research and chaired the development team for the Rotateq® vaccine. She was instrumental in the advancement of Rotateq®, which went on to be licensed in numerous countries across the world and recommended by leading health organizations for all infants worldwide. Because many developing countries cannot afford to buy and administer vaccines, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, where Heaton now directs vaccine development, is supporting a global campaign to bring rotavirus vaccination to areas that need it most. "As the scientific community continues to make important contributions to the fields of virology and vaccinology, we look to the visionaries, whose groundbreaking discoveries have led to the creation of innovative vaccines that can halt the spread of disease and improve public health worldwide," said Altieri. "The Rotateq® vaccine is one of those major achievements that has a significant and positive global impact, saving countless lives and promoting healthy futures for the citizens of the world." About The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia: The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia was founded in 1855 as the nation's first pediatric hospital. Through its long-standing commitment to providing exceptional patient care, training new generations of pediatric healthcare professionals, and pioneering major research initiatives, Children's Hospital has fostered many discoveries that have benefited children worldwide.  Its pediatric research program is among the largest in the country.  In addition, its unique family-centered care and public service programs have brought the 535-bed hospital recognition as a leading advocate for children and adolescents. For more information, visit http://www.chop.edu About The Wistar Institute: The Wistar Institute is an international leader in biomedical research with special expertise in cancer research and vaccine development. Founded in 1892 as the first independent nonprofit biomedical research institute in the United States, Wistar has held the prestigious Cancer Center designation from the National Cancer Institute since 1972. The Institute works actively to ensure that research advances move from the laboratory to the clinic as quickly as possible. www.wistar.org. *Additional information is available upon request Contacts: Natalie Virgilio The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (267) 426-6246 Virgilion@email.chop.edu Dari Sutton The Wistar Institute (215) 898-3988 dsutton@wistar.org Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161010/426803   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/in-its-first-decade-rotavirus-vaccination-has-saved-thousands-of-children-300341839.html SOURCE The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia Related Links http://www.chop.edu Oct 13, 2016, 10:05 ET Preview: Teens Comply with Legislated Driving Restrictions on Vast Majority of Trips Oct 04, 2016, 09:15 ET Preview: Gene Found that Raises Risk of Childhood Ear Infections My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 12, 2016, 09:05 ETBystander CPR Improves Survival, Neurological Outcomes in U.S.... Nov 08, 2016, 13:07 ETN. Scott Adzick, MD, CHOP's Surgeon-in-Chief, Recognized by... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Infection Control Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: In its First Decade, Rotavirus Vaccination Has Saved Thousands of Children News provided by The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia Oct 10, 2016, 11:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Bristol-Myers' Opdivo Vs. Merck's Keytruda In Front-Line Lung Treatment Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 10, 2016 10:25am   Comments Share: Related BMY Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? The Election Can't Come Soon Enough For Biotechs Bristol-Myers cancer drug combo shows promise (Seeking Alpha) Related MRK Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election AmpliPhi Biosciences Sweetens Follow-On Offering Terms (Seeking Alpha) Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) shares are pushing higher by 1.9 percent on Monday following the company’s encouraging new data on Keytruda. On Sunday, Merck reported that Keytruda reduced patient deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone and cut disease progression in half. While that data is great news for Merck shareholders, it’s a blow to competitor Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY), which is down 8.7 percent in early Monday trading. Bristol-Myers released the full data on disappointing cancer drug Opdivo over the weekend, and the results were even worse than investors had feared. Opdivo has yet to demonstrate that it can slow tumor growth or save lives better than current chemotherapy methods. Barclays analyst Geoff Meacham sees a clear winner between the two drugs. According to Meacham, Merck could be looking at a potential Keytruda market of up to 60 percent of eligible IL lung patients. “We see the Keytruda data driving an upward bias to consensus forecasts and further upside in MRK shares while the surprises in CM-026 and uncertain timelines for the next front line data readouts are likely to dash the Bristol hope trade coming into this meeting,” Meacham explains. Related Link: Ariad Pharmaceuticals Raises Cancer Drug Price For The 4th Time This Year Barclays notes that each 5 percent of 1L market share equates to $150 million in 2018 sales. Following the latest data from the two companies, Barclays maintains an Equal-Weight rating on Bristol-Myers and an Overweight rating on Merck. Latest Ratings for BMY Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Hilliard Lyons Upgrades Neutral Long-Term Buy Oct 2016 Credit Suisse Maintains Neutral Sep 2016 Citigroup Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for BMY View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Barclays Geoff MeachamAnalyst Color Biotech News Top Stories Analyst Ratings General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BMY + MRK) Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election Technical Alert: Merck Reaches $65 And Retreats Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs Biotech Is Getting A Big Boost Following Clinton's Loss View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BMY Trending Recent 1 YELP, CRCM: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 2 BABA: Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba 3 RGR, FB: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Str... 4 DIS: The Disney Story Just Became All About 2018 5 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 6 GOOG, VIVHY: 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need T... 7 CPLA, CVS: Barron's Picks And Pans: Tr... 1 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 2 BAC, RGR: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Strategies 3 BREW, DEO: Reads For The Weed-Kend: Beyond Marijuana Stocks, New Oppor... 4 PFE, CPLA: Barron's Picks And Pans: Trump Stocks, Thermo... 5 TGT, HD: High Earnings Expectations For Home Depot,... 6 YELP, GRPN: 'Trump And Dump' Scenar... 7 DIS, TWX: The Simpsons And 7 Great... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products USD/CAD Extends Losses Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Intraday Alerts   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Merck & Co. (MRK) Is Rising On Study Results For Keytruda 10/10/2016 9:43 AM ET Merck & Co. (MRK) announced Sunday that its Keytruda drug demonstrated superiority in overall survival at 18 months in a phase 2/3 study, compared to standard of care chemotherapy, in treatment of metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. Merck has gapped open higher Monday morning and is now up 1.39 at $64.16. The stock has climbed above a 2-month trading range and has set a new high for the year. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America These Companies Are Sitting On Mountains Of Cash Momentum Esterline Technologies Corp. (ESL) Is Up Sharply After Q4 Report Photronics Inc. (PLAB) Has Dropped To A 4-Month Low On Weak Q4 Outlook PTC Therapeutics Inc. (PTCT) Has Climbed To A 3-Week High Walt Disney Co. (DIS) Has Risen To A 3-Month High Despite Q4 Miss NVIDIA Corp. (NVDA) Has Jumped To A New High On Strong Q3 Earnings Encore Capital Group (ECPG) Is Rising Following Q3 Report Shake Shack Inc. (SHAK) Has Surged To A 3-Month High On Q3 Results Dillard's Inc. (DDS) Is Up Sharply Ahead Of Earnings Report Kohl's Corp. (KSS) Has Surged To A 10-Month High On Strong Q3 Results Taser International Inc. (TASR) Is Sharply Higher After Q3 Profit Beat SodaStream International Ltd. (SODA) Is Climbing On Strong Q3 Earnings ZELTIQ Aesthetics Inc. (ZLTQ) Is Up Sharply After Q3 Earnings Beat TubeMogul Inc. (TUBE) Has Jumped To A 6-Month High After Bought By Adobe Avid Technology Inc. (AVID) Has Tumbled To A New Low After Q3 Miss Hill-Rom Holdings (HRC) Is Accelerating To The Downside <<Previous        37 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Merck: Researchers To Provide More 30 Than Data Presentations At ID Week Merck Q3 Profit Rises; Lifts 2016 Outlook Merck & Co Q3 16 Earnings Conference Call At 8:00 AM ET Merck & Co Inc. Reports 10% Increase In Q3 Profit INO Slips On Clinical Hold, MRK Gets FDA Nod, Be All Ears For AKAO Trade MRK now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Viacom Q4 Adj. Profit Beats View, But Revenues Miss Munich Re Lifts FY16 Profit View As Q3 Profit Climbs; Stock Dips E.ON 9-month Attributable Net Loss Narrows; Maintains Weak FY16 Earnings View Pampered Puppies: PetSmart Offers Same Day Delivery Myers Industries Q3 Adj. Profit Misses View, But Revenues Beat Veterans Day Free Meals At Certain Chains ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President MDCO Tastes Bitter, PRTO Awaits Phase 3 Data In Dec., It's Time To Cherish IONS ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Pampered Puppies: PetSmart Offers Same Day Delivery Veterans Day Free Meals At Certain Chains Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Adecco Group Turns To Profit In Q3 - Quick Facts Deutsche Post DHL Q3 Profit Surges; Reaffirms FY16 Outlook - Quick Facts Crédit Agricole Group Q3 Underlying Net Income Group Share Up 4.1% - Quick Facts ArcelorMittal Turns To Profit In Q3; Sees Sequential Drop In Q4 Profit Nikon H1 Profit Up 54%; To Cut 1,000 Jobs In Restructuring - Quick Facts Henkel Q3 Profit Rises; Confirms 2016 Outlook Aixtron AG Posts Wider Loss In 9-month; Reiterates 2016 Revenue Guidance Rational Q3 Profit Edges Up; Confirms FY Outlook Elringklinger Q3 Profit Declines; Sees FY16 EBIT At Low End Of Range Toyota Motor H1 Profit Declines, Revenue Down 7.2%; Revises Forecasts Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Roche Optimistic After Merck’s Surprising Chemo-Combo Success Naomi Kresge naomikresge October 10, 2016 — 7:34 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Roche Holding AG pointed to the success of a study by Merck & Co. as a sign that both companies are on the right track in pairing new immune-oncology drugs with an old standby of lung-cancer treatment: chemotherapy. Roche’s own “aggressive approach” to experimenting with chemotherapy combinations was bolstered by Merck’s results in studying the impact of using its Keytruda medicine with the older treatment regimen, Dan Chen, the Swiss drugmaker’s global head of cancer immunotherapy, said in an interview on Monday. Merck’s combination was almost twice as successful at shrinking lung tumors in a mid-stage study than the standard treatment alone. “We are not throwing spaghetti on a wall,” said Chen, speaking from the European Society for Medical Oncology’s annual meeting in Copenhagen. “We’re throwing darts, and with each dart trying to answer an important question.” Both Merck and Roche are running larger final-stage studies, with results due starting next year, that could be used to seek approval to start selling a chemo-immunotherapy combination. One possibility is that chemotherapy combinations will be used mostly in patients shown to benefit less from stand-alone immune therapy, Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. analysts said in a note. Chemotherapy combinations will also probably cost health systems less than pairing two immune therapy drugs. “If the data is comparable, also on durability, it’s going to be the cheaper option,” said Mirjam Heeb, who helps manage $186 million in health-care stocks, including Roche and Merck, at GAM Holding AG in Zurich. “Looking at the discussion we have around drug pricing, it is going to be competitive.” Roche is also testing more than 20 combinations of immune therapies. The company reported successful stand-alone results from its Tecentriq medicine on Saturday in lung-cancer patients who had already tried at least one other drug unsuccessfully. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Roche Holding AG Merck & Co Cancer Drugs Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MERCK & CO AKTIE»Merck Announces Study Results Of KEYTRUDA MERCK & CO INC 58,74  Euro -0,822 -1,38 % WKN: A0YD8Q  ISIN: US58933Y1055 Ticker-Symbol: 6MK  Frankfurt | 11.11.16 | 16:56 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 58,58 59,17 13.11. 58,80 59,07 11.11. 10.10.2016 | 03:53 (17 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Merck Announces Study Results Of KEYTRUDA WHITEHOUSE STATION (dpa-AFX) - Merck (MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, announced results from two major studies of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), the company's anti-PD-1 therapy, in the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) at the ESMO 2016 Congress. KEYNOTE-024, published in The New England Journal of Medicine, showed KEYTRUDA as monotherapy demonstrated superior progression-free and overall survival compared to chemotherapy as first-line treatment in patients with high hevels of PD-L1 expression. In KEYNOTE-024, which evaluated squamous and non-squamous NSCLC patients whose tumors expressed high levels of PD-L1 (tumor proportion score, or TPS, of 50 percent or more), KEYTRUDA provided a 50 percent reduction in the risk of disease progression or death and a 40 percent reduction in the risk of death compared to platinum doublet, the current standard of care. KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G, published in The Lancet Oncology, showed KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy demonstrated superior efficacy compared to chemotherapy alone as first-Line treatment. In KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G, which included patients with metastatic non-squamous NSCLC regardless of PD-L1 expression level, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) plus chemotherapy (carboplatin plus pemetrexed) achieved a 55 percent objective response rate (ORR) compared to 29 percent for chemotherapy alone, the standard of care, and reduced the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu MERCK & CO INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 02:43 Merck's triple combo HCV candidate achieves cure rates as high as 100% in mid-stage studies ► Artikel lesen So 1832 Asset Management L.P. Raises Stake in Merck & Co. ► Artikel lesen Fr BMS' Opdivo evens the head-and-neck cancer score with Merck's Keytruda ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck & Co. EVP Sells €5,133,090.46 in Stock ► Artikel lesen Fr Why You Should (and Shouldn't) Buy Merck ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart MERCK & CO INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % MERCK & CO INC 58,74 -1,38 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
Recent Posts Court bars royal candidate, reinstates ex-MP Hashem New Saudi rules, fees for helpers, vehicles, cattle Crackdown on abuse of state lands off Seventh Ring Road Ministry ignores recommendation to cancel medical company’s license CBK re-issues first Kuwaiti coin ‘baiza’ Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 Categories Africa Aisha Al Zabin America Asia Basketball Business Cartoon Conspiracy Theory Cricket Crime E-Paper Editor's Desk Elections 2016 Europe Fashion Football Haider Al Mosawi Hassan Al Mosawi Health Hello 965 Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Middle East Movies & Music Nathalie Basma NBA Noora S AlAskar Opinion Other News Other Sports Others Politics Real Fouz Rio 2016 Sports Subcontinent Technology Tennis Top Stories World Yalda Golsharifi Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Home Kuwait Elections 2016 Crime Other News Politics World Middle East Subcontinent Asia Africa America Europe Opinion Conspiracy Theory Editor’s Desk Others Business Haider Al Mosawi Sports Football Cricket NBA Tennis Other Sports Legalese Lifestyle Movies & Music Fashion Real Fouz Aisha Al Zabin Nathalie Basma Yalda Golsharifi Hassan Al Mosawi Hello 965 Technology E-Paper About Us Contact Us Rate Card Job Vacancies ‘New day’ in lung cancer as Merck drug shines – Keytruda cuts risk of death 40% in big lung cancer study COPENHAGEN: Merck & Co scored a double hit yesterday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumours as chemotherapy alone. Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. “Remember this day. It’s a new day for lung cancer treatment,” Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne’s University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become “a new standard of care”. The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer – the biggest cancer killer globally – with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany’s Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard “from today”. US regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. COMBINATION THERAPY The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been skeptical about this approach and investors’ expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck’s combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck’s head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body’s natural killer cells to home in on tumors. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol’s failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for “all comers” in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company’s market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. – Reuters Share This article was published on 09/10/2016 Most Read Four Americans killed in US base attack in Afghanistan Anger as millions in India run out of cash Prostitutes caught Woman set on fire in Japan restaurant Man murders wife with hammer, screwdrivers 13th Nov 12th Nov Govt austerity measures top election campaigns Court confirms royal can run in polls 45 ATVs impounded in traffic police crackdown Business Cartoon E-Paper Health Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Opinion Sports Technology Top Stories World About Us Contact Us Rate card 2016 RSS © 2016, ↑ Kuwait Times
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Health & Pharma Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Lung cancer drug fails to show advantage in clinical trial Bristol-Myers Squibb immunotherapy drug fails to beat chemotherapy in large trial Sun, Oct 9, 2016, 19:14 Updated: Sun, Oct 9, 2016, 19:56 A new drug from Bristol-Myers Squibb that turns the body into a weapon against cancer failed to beat chemotherapy in a large head-to-head clinical trial.         A new drug from Bristol-Myers Squibb that turns the body into a weapon against cancer failed to beat chemotherapy in a large head-to-head clinical trial, marking the biggest setback for the hot new field of immunotherapy. Opdivo, a type of immunotherapy known as a checkpoint inhibitor, had been tipped as a replacement for chemotherapy for patients suffering from advanced lung cancer, but a study published on Sunday showed the new medicine is inferior to the established treatment. Those taking Opdivo typically survived for just over four months before the disease worsened, whereas those who received chemotherapy went for six months before the cancer progressed, according to the trial of 541 patients. Opdivo is already approved for non small-cell lung cancer patients who have tried chemotherapy, but Bristol-Myers had hoped the medicine would usurp the poisonous cocktail to become the first drug of choice for oncologists treating newly-diagnosed patients. “We thought Opdivo could beat chemotherapy, and we have answered the question: for the broad population it is not enough,” said Fouad Namouni, oncology development head at Bristol-Myers. Hopeful Mr Namouni said he was hopeful that adding Opdivo to an older Bristol-Myers immunotherapy, Yervoy, would be more effective than chemotherapy, but a large study testing that combination is not expected to be completed until 2018. Lung cancer is the most common and deadliest form of the disease, with 535,000 patients diagnosed each year in Europe and the US, and roughly 85 per cent of cases involve non small-cell tumours. Perrigo to review options for multiple sclerosis drug Tysabri Northern Irish firm Almac plans €23m US facility expansion AstraZeneca predicts major US healthcare changes under Trump By the time most patients are diagnosed, they are already suffering from advanced disease, and roughly 95 per cent die within five years. Bristol-Myers first warned its drug had flunked the trial in August, prompting investors to wipe more than $23 billion off the value of the US pharmaceuticals group – but it did not reveal the full scale of the failure until Sunday. ADVERTISEMENT The company published the study at the annual meeting of the European Society of Medical Oncology in Copenhagen, where oncologists gathered to pore over research from pharmaceutical companies and academic institutions. Delegates at the meeting heard more positive news from Merck, another US drugmaker that has been engaged in a two-horse race with Bristol-Myers to develop checkpoint inhibitors, which work by removing brakes on the immune system so it can attack cancer. Merck published a large, late-stage study of its drug, Keytruda, which it tested in a group of patients who were selected for the trial because they were thought to be more likely to respond to the drug. These patients had tumours with very high levels of a substance known as PD-L1, a characteristic shared by somewhere between 25 and 30 per cent of all people suffering from non small-cell lung cancer. In Merck’s trial, patients taking Keytruda typically went for more than 10 months before their cancer worsened, compared with six months for those receiving chemotherapy. About 45 per cent of patients either saw their tumours disappear entirely or shrink substantially, compared with 28 per cent on chemotherapy. FDA approval Merck has submitted Keytruda for approval in untreated lung cancer patients, and the US Food and Drug Administration is expected to give the drug the green light at the end of December. The success of Merck’s trial is a vindication of the company’s embrace of an emerging field of science known as precision medicine, where drugs are targeted at smaller subgroups of patients who are most likely to benefit. Conversely, Bristol-Myers tested Opdivo in a wider pool of patients, a strategy which would have resulted in higher prescriptions and drug sales had the trial been successful. Merck published another small trial in which patients were given Keytruda and chemotherapy simultaneously, which suggested that this combination could be more effective than either single regimen. In the study of 123 people, patients who took both drugs at the same time went for 13 months without their cancer getting worse, with 55 per cent of them experiencing a remission or substantial tumour shrinkage, compared with 29 per cent for chemotherapy alone. Dr Roger Perlmutter, Merck’s top scientist, said the findings from both studies showed that immunotherapies were “becoming foundational in the way that we treat cancer”. – (Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2016)       Topics: Bristol-Myers Squibb Merck Read More Glaxo sues Pfizer Ireland over alleged patent infringement Sales at Endo jump 18.6% on demand for generic drugs Debt-laden Valeant Pharmaceuticals cuts full-year forecast Venn Life Sciences wins €2.5m clinical trials contract GSK takes case against Pfizer over meningococcal vaccine Kinesis Health Technologies raises €590,000 in funding Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Pound raises cost of Britain’s EU budget contribution Retail & Services Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy International Gerry Thornley: Focus returns to showdown with All Blacks Health Against the odds: becoming a mum with muscular dystrophy Sponsored My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa Power up your company's pension plan Designed for life: Helen James on creativity and a life InSync ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Lansdowne Road deal needs correction, says union chief 21:32 Councils losing revenue due to rates assessment backlog 20:28 The big business events coming up in the week ahead 19:12 In the news: Arnotts’ bumper year and Clare crematorium 18:09 Pound raises cost of Britain’s EU budget contribution 17:27 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 How to . . . fix Apple’s iOS 10’s annoying features 2 The big business events coming up in the week ahead 3 Standard Chartered weighs private-equity investments 4 Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy 5 Irish businesses get chance to pitch to Richard Branson 6 Unlocking the blockchain enigma 7 Trump’s plans won’t damage US investment in Ireland, Noonan says 8 Panama Papers shine a light on Ireland’s SPVs 9 Planning weddings in the United Arab Emirates 10 Small talk makes a big difference to your career Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Search executive jobs on irishtimes.com Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 14/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
null
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room SOURCE: Dynavax Technologies October 09, 2016 07:00 ET Dynavax Presents Early Clinical Data From Lead Cancer Immunotherapy Candidate, SD-101, at ESMO Annual Congress SD-101 in Combination With Pembrolizumab Demonstrates Encouraging Clinical Activity in Advanced Melanoma BERKELEY, CA--(Marketwired - October 09, 2016) - Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced the first presentation of findings from an ongoing Phase 1/2 study evaluating SD-101, Dynavax's intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with Keytruda ® (pembrolizumab), Merck's anti-PD-1 treatment. Early results evaluating five patients with metastatic melanoma for efficacy and 16 patients for safety were reported. In patients naïve to anti-PD-1 treatment objective responses were observed in three out of four (75%) including one complete response (CR) and two partial responses (PR's). One patient with progressive disease while receiving anti-PD-1 therapy was observed to have stable disease (SD). These data were presented in a poster session on Sunday at the European Society of Medical Oncology (ESMO) Annual Congress 2016 in Copenhagen, Denmark. SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab was well-tolerated. No dose-limiting toxicities of the combination were observed in any dose cohort, and a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) was not identified. No immune-related adverse events were reported, and the most common treatment-emergent adverse events were grade 1-2 flu-like symptoms, including fever, chills and myalgia consistent with the engagement of TLR9 and production of interferon alpha. The study also included biomarker assessments suggesting that treatment with SD-101 and pembrolizumab resulted in elevation of gene signatures consistent with an increase in immune cell types and multiple immune functions. About MEL-01 (KEYNOTE-184) The ongoing dose-escalation and expansion study of SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab includes patients with histologically or cytologically confirmed unresectable Stage IIIc/IV melanoma. The primary endpoints of the trial are MTD and evaluation of the safety of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab. In addition, the trial is evaluating response as assessed by the investigator according to RECIST v1.1, biomarker assessments and duration of response. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 and other immunotherapies are included. About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax's proprietary, second-generation, Toll-like Receptor 9 (TLR9) agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 activates multiple anti-tumor activities of innate immune cells and activates plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its preliminary safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, discovers and develops novel vaccines and therapeutics in the areas of infectious and inflammatory diseases and oncology. Dynavax's lead product candidates are HEPLISAV-B™, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine and SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in several Phase 1/2 studies. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Dynavax Forward Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking" statements, including expectations for the conduct and timing of clinical trials of SD-101. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies, initiate one or more studies, enroll a sufficient number of subjects and ultimately complete any study, and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the "Risk Factors" section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax's website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Contact Information Contact: Michael Ostrach Chief Financial Officer 510-665-7257 Email contact   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète

Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»DYNAVAX AKTIE»Dynavax Presents Early Clinical Data From Lead Cancer Immunotherapy Candidate, SD-101, at ESMO Annual Congress / SD-101 in Combination With Pembrolizumab Demonstrates Encouraging Clinical Activity in Advanced Melanoma DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 10,559  Euro +0,319 +3,12 % WKN: A12EV9  ISIN: US2681582019 Ticker-Symbol: DYF1  Stuttgart | 11.11.16 | 20:30 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheBiotechnologie AktienmarktSonstige 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 10,564 10,777 13.11. 10,545 10,80 11.11. 09.10.2016 | 13:01 (60 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired Dynavax Presents Early Clinical Data From Lead Cancer Immunotherapy Candidate, SD-101, at ESMO Annual Congress / SD-101 in Combination With Pembrolizumab Demonstrates Encouraging Clinical Activity in Advanced Melanoma BERKELEY, CA--(Marketwired - October 09, 2016) - Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced the first presentation of findings from an ongoing Phase 1/2 study evaluating SD-101, Dynavax's intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with Keytruda ® (pembrolizumab), Merck's anti-PD-1 treatment. Early results evaluating five patients with metastatic melanoma for efficacy and 16 patients for safety were reported. In patients naïve to anti-PD-1 treatment objective responses were observed in three out of four (75%) including one complete response (CR) and two partial responses (PR's). One patient with progressive disease while receiving anti-PD-1 therapy was observed to have stable disease (SD). These data were presented in a poster session on Sunday at the European Society of Medical Oncology (ESMO) Annual Congress 2016 in Copenhagen, Denmark. SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab was well-tolerated. No dose-limiting toxicities of the combination were observed in any dose cohort, and a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) was not identified. No immune-related adverse events were reported, and the most common treatment-emergent adverse events were grade 1-2 flu-like symptoms, including fever, chills and myalgia consistent with the engagement of TLR9 and production of interferon alpha. The study also included biomarker assessments suggesting that treatment with SD-101 and pembrolizumab resulted in elevation of gene signatures consistent with an increase in immune cell types and multiple immune functions. About MEL-01 (KEYNOTE-184) The ongoing dose-escalation and expansion study of SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab includes patients with histologically or cytologically confirmed unresectable Stage IIIc/IV melanoma. The primary endpoints of the trial are MTD and evaluation of the safety of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab. In addition, the trial is evaluating response as assessed by the investigator according to RECIST v1.1, biomarker assessments and duration of response. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 and other immunotherapies are included. About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax's proprietary, second-generation, Toll-like Receptor 9 (TLR9) agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 activates multiple anti-tumor activities of innate immune cells and activates plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its preliminary safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, discovers and develops novel vaccines and therapeutics in the areas of infectious and inflammatory diseases and oncology. Dynavax's lead product candidates are HEPLISAV-B', a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine and SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in several Phase 1/2 studies. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Dynavax Forward Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking" statements, including expectations for the conduct and timing of clinical trials of SD-101. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies, initiate one or more studies, enroll a sufficient number of subjects and ultimately complete any study, and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the "Risk Factors" section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax's website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Contact: Michael Ostrach Chief Financial Officer 510-665-7257 Email contact © 2016 Marketwired Nachrichten zu DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mi Dynavax (DVAX) Announces Presentation of Early Data from SD-101 Combo Phase 1b/2; ORs Noted in 80% of Patients ► Artikel lesen Mi Dynavax Presents Early Clinical Data from Lead Cancer Immunotherapy Candidate, SD-101, at Society for Melanoma Research / SD-101 in Combination with Merck's Anti-PD-1 Therapy, KEYTRUDA(R) (pembrolizumab) Shows Encouraging Preliminary Clinical Activity in BERKELEY, CA--(Marketwired - November 09, 2016) - Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced the presentation of findings from an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating... ► Artikel lesen Di Dynavax Technologies Corp. Issues Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.15 EPS ► Artikel lesen 07.11. DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP - 8-K, Current Report ► Artikel lesen 07.11. DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP - 10-Q, Quaterly Report ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 10,559 +3,12 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo By Ben Hirschler9 October 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share A branch of drugs and chemicals group Merck is pictured in central German city of Darmstadt March 7, 2012. REUTERS/Alex Domanski/File PhotoMore By Ben Hirschler COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumours as chemotherapy alone. Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. "Remember this day. It's a new day for lung cancer treatment," Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne's University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become "a new standard of care". The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer - the biggest cancer killer globally - with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany's Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard "from today". U.S. regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. COMBINATION THERAPY The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been sceptical about this approach and investors' expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck's combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck's head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol's failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for "all comers" in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company's market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Stephen Powell and Susan Fenton) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Demonetisation: Government hikes withdrawal limits at banks, ATMs ABP Live Mumbai News Today, Live News, Latest Mumbai News - Free Press Journal freepressjournal.in Group-II exam conducted without hitch across Telangana The Hindu Mumbai’s numerous landmarks that have contributed to Hindi cinema’s imagery The Hindu PM Modi, Shinzo Abe Leave for Kobe Aboard Bullet Train in Tokyo News18 "If they stop smoking, SRK, Aamir, Salman will last long, else I will": Akshay takes a dig at the Khans! PinkVilla.com Police arrest Maoist rebel Ani Rotary, Minto to setup eye screening centres in rural Karnataka Deccan Herald PM Modi inaugurates international conference-cum-exhibition on sugarcane value chain Ani ​ Donald Trump doesn't rule out 'amended' Obamacare: Report The Economic Times Watch: New series of Rs. 500 launched Ani Rates of newborn deaths from pneumonia, malaria lowers down Deccan Chronicle Golfer Aditi Ashok becomes first Indian Woman to lift European Tour Event Ani Chewing 'paan' comes with high cancer risk: WHO Deccan Herald PM should apologise for mocking people standing in queues: Kejriwal Ani Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Roche’s Tecentriq Extends Lung-Cancer Patients’ Lives in Study Naomi Kresge naomikresge October 9, 2016 — 2:15 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Lung-cancer patients who took Roche Holding AG’s new medicine Tecentriq lived about four months longer than those on chemotherapy in a study that will help position the drug to compete in the increasingly crowded field of immunotherapy.  People who got Tecentriq lived an average of just under 14 months, compared with almost 10 months for those on docetaxel chemotherapy, the Swiss drugmaker said Sunday at a meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology in Copenhagen. Patients in the study -- most of whom were men, and had a history of smoking -- had already tried at least one other therapy unsuccessfully. Roche’s results come amid intense interest in medicines that harness the immune system to help fight lung cancer. Tecentriq would compete with recently-approved treatments from Merck & Co. and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Both U.S. drugmakers just finished trials in a much bigger group of patients: those who are treated for the first time. Bristol’s drug failed and Merck’s succeeded in results presented alongside Roche’s at the conference on Sunday. Importantly, Tecentriq also helped patients whose immune systems didn’t already show a strong response before treatment, said Dan Chen, the Swiss drugmaker’s head of cancer immunotherapy development. Patients who already had a strong immunity responded even better to the drug, Chen said. They lived a median of more than 20 months, compared with a 8.9 months for those on chemotherapy, in the Roche-funded study. “The survival benefit that we’re seeing here is unprecedented,” Chen said in a telephone interview. “This forms the foundation of our cancer immunotherapy development. Tecentriq will be used as a single agent but also in combination in the future.” Tecentriq was approved in May for advanced bladder cancer, and Roche expects a ruling from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in lung cancer by the middle of next week. The drug may have about 2.15 billion francs ($2.19 billion) in sales in 2019, according to analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Roche Holding AG Cancer Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read China warns Trump against abandoning climate change deal Britain and France snub EU’s emergency Trump meeting Seven Donald Trump policies that could change the US India’s cash chaos sparks growing backlash Democrats see silver lining in release from Clinton grip US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Britain and France snub EU’s emergency Trump meeting Seven Donald Trump policies that could change the US Tale of two Trumps plays out in first appointments Democrats see silver lining in release from Clinton grip Trump appoints Reince Priebus as his chief of staff Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Silicon Valley frets over foreign worker crackdown Lego split with Daily Mail puts pressure on other groups ANZ Bank admits inability to control its Malaysian affiliate  Toblerone moves mountains to lose weight Tesco Bank ‘ignored warnings’ about cyber weakness Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Investor repositioning under Trump — the big questions $200bn drained from equity funds since start of 2016 Henry Kaufman says Trump will help kill 30-year bond rally Emerging market currencies fall most in 5 years Donald Trump and markets: six impossible things Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Seven takeaways from the victory of Donald Trump The Republican party is being refashioned A badly designed US stimulus will only hurt the working class Skip the empathy, Mr Schultz, and focus on the coffee Donald Trump’s dangerous delusions on trade Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Skip the empathy, Mr Schultz, and focus on the coffee The search for a better US election map Review — ‘Payoff’ by Dan Ariely Can business schools propel women to the C-suite? Google Daydream View VR headset Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read Milan, Italy’s most business-focused city, looks to rival London US against the world? Trump’s America and the new global order Why people shouldn’t snigger at Trump’s opulent $100m penthouse The $88m student digs: homebuying for children of the super-rich Five properties worth $100m-plus Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Bristol-Myers lung cancer drug fails to meet immunotherapy hopes Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital $ 6.45 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Premium Digital Trial $ 1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 52 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 13, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 13, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 52 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login U.S. stocks rise as oil’s jump biggest in 1½ years By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Oct 10 2016 05:06PM    •    Last Updated Oct 10 2016 05:06 pm In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • U.S. stocks rose Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. Investors also reacted to the latest twists in the presidential race. Oil rose after Russia's government said it supports efforts by OPEC to cut oil production. Apple reached its highest price of the year and led tech stocks higher after new reports of fires affecting Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple's iPhone. Early in the day stocks were on track for far larger gains. Steve Chiavarone, an associated portfolio manager for Federated Investors, said a tumultuous weekend for Republican candidate Donald Trump contributed to the market's gains. He said investors mostly expect Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton to win, and they are concerned about the effect Trump's trade proposals would have on the market and the economy. VIDEOS TOP JOBS "What you're seeing in the market is a cheering of the status quo," he said. In his view, that's because investors understand Clinton's views and what her administration might look like even though they may disagree with her on issues like tax policy. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia supports OPEC's efforts to cut oi production. In late September the nations of OPEC announced a preliminary agreement to trim oil production, but Russia, a major energy producer, isn't a member of OPEC. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.54, or 3.1 percent, to $51.35 a barrel in New York. That was its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.21, or 2.3 percent, to $53.14 a barrel in London. Exxon Mobil climbed $1.70, or 2 percent, to $88.44 and Devon Energy added $1.58, or 33.7 percent, to $44.39. Apple climbed $1.99, or 1.7 percent, to $116.05 as investors hope it will be able to sell more iPhones as competitor Samsung faced new problems with its Galaxy Note 7. Samsung said it has changed its production of the phones following reports that some of its replacement phones are overheating and catching fire, just as the original version of the phone did before Samsung recalled it last month. Samsung did not confirm or deny a report from a Korean news agency that it suspended production of the Note 7 phone. Drugmaker Mylan gained $2.93, or 8.2 percent, to $38.87. On Friday the company agreed to pay $465 million to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid program for its EpiPen allergy shot. Legislators and federal health authorities had said Mylan wrongly classified EpiPen as a generic drug instead of a brand-name one, which meant Mylan paid lower rebates to federal and state Medicaid programs. The stock is down 20 percent since late August. Bristol-Myers Squibb plunged again after the company reported more data from a study of its drug Opdivo in lung cancer patients. It fell $5.62, or 10.1 percent, to $49.81. Rival Merck rose $1.13, or 1.8 percent, to $63.90 as investors were pleased with results from a study of its cancer treatment Keytruda. Bristol-Myers stock has dropped 34 percent since the company announced initial results from that trial in early August, which has sent to almost two-year lows. Merck is up 10 percent over the same time. The Mexican peso grew stronger following Trump's calamitous weekend. Trump has criticized Mexico and its trade agreements with the U.S., so the peso has become something of an indicator of how investors feel about the election. The currency has tended to weaken when investors feel Trump is doing better and gets stronger when investors feel more confident in Hillary Clinton's chances. The U.S. buys about 80 percent of Mexico's exports, which gives it a big influence on the Mexican economy. Following the peso's surge Monday, one U.S. dollar bought just 18.92 pesos, versus the 19.26 pesos it bought on Friday. The peso has weakened sharply this year but is currently the strongest it's been in about a month. Twitter continued to fall as investors grew less optimistic that the company will be sold. Twitter sank $2.29, or 11.5 percent, to $17.56. It fell 20 percent Thursday on reports that possible buyers including Apple and Alphabet had decided not to make offers. Twitter has been on a big run since late July on rumors the company might be sold. The stock is now the lowest it's been since early August. Salesforce.com, which investors believe is a possible buyer, rose $4.19, or 5.9 percent, to $75.10. Manufacturer Dover forecast a smaller profit and a bigger decline in revenue because of weaker spending in several industries and production problems in its retail refrigeration unit. The company also said its purchase of British company Wayne Fueling Systems won't close until early next year because regulators in the United Kingdom are still reviewing the deal. The stock gave up $5.55, or 7.7 percent, to $66.69. Gold rose $8.50 to $1,260.40 an ounce. Silver added 28 cents to $17.66 an ounce. Copper picked up 3 cents to $2.20 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.50 a gallon. Heating oil rose 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas gained 8 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $3.28 per 1,000 cubic feet. Germany's DAX rose 1.3 percent and the CAC-40 in France was 1.1 percent higher. The FTSE 100 in London rose 0.8 percent. The Kospi in South Korea rose 0.1 percent. Japan's markets were closed for a holiday. The dollar rose to 103.68 yen from 103.06 yen Friday. The euro fell to $1.1139 from $1.1182, and the British pound fell to $1.2351 from $1.2435. Bond trading was closed for the Columbus Day holiday.   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Trump plans to immediately deport 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants George Pyle: By backing Trump, after all, Mormons blow their moral lead Oregon medical examiner identifies remains as daughter of Piano Guy Emails: Utah State officials knew multiple women had accused student Jason Relopez of rape, but didn Utah football: After wild weekend, Utes have two 'Super Bowls' remaining to secure lofty goals ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search CardioBrief: USPSTF Finalizes Statin Primary Prevention Guide, Debate Ensues cme/ce Liver Cancer Rare After HCV Therapy cme/ce CD4+ T-Cell Counts May Predict Rituximab Response in RA Readmission Penalties Are Punishing Safety-Net Hospitals Tweets of the Week: Honoring Vets LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Primary Care Should the EpiPen Be Considered Preventive Medicine? Maker wants mandatory first-dollar coverage for it MedpageToday savesaved Analyst: F. Perry Wilson, MD, MSCE by MedPage Today Staff October 10, 2016 Mylan Pharmaceuticals, which has come under fire for the high price of its EpiPen product for averting anaphylactic reactions, is pursuing a new strategy to get the medication covered by insurance, according to researchers writing in Annals of Internal Medicine. In this video commentary, MedPage Today clinical reviewer F. Perry Wilson gives his take on an unprecedented approach. A transcript of his commentary follows: In 2007, Mylan Pharmaceuticals purchased the rights to the Epipen from Merck, and the rest, as they say, is history. With prices skyrocketing, Mylan was called to task by congress, where CEO Heather Bresch withstood 4 hours of questioning about her company's business practices. Highlights from that interview included disclosure of the fact that Bresch's $18-million compensation package made her the sixth highest paid biopharma CEO in the world and that her pay had increased 671% as the price of EpiPens rose. She also reported that Mylan makes only a $50 profit on EpiPen sales, though the number turned out to be significantly higher than that. Now it's hard to find hard numbers on how much EpiPen costs to make, but I can tell you that epinephrine was first synthesized in 1906, and I can buy a gram of it from Sigma-Aldrich for about $20 bucks, making the 0.3 milligrams in an EpiPen dose cost about six tenths of a penny. But despite the public shaming, we haven't seen an about-face on EpiPen prices from Mylan. So you're a pharmaceutical company facing considerable public outrage about your pricing of a life-saving medication. You have a couple of options. First, you could reduce the price of the drug. But that might cut into profit margins. Second, you could get someone else to pay for the drug. In the great American medical tradition of transferring costs to other people, Mylan is making a play to get insurance companies to pay for the entirety of the EpiPen. Without copays. First, I wanted to look at the out-of-pocket cost for EpiPen. As of this video, it's about $600 (with a coupon!). What about with insurance? Obviously, it will vary, but you can see from this table that most high-deductible plans, at least, classify EpiPen as tier 2 and many don't reimburse it at all. Also, remember that many plans require individuals to pay the full cost of drugs until they meet their annual deductible. But there is one way to get the insurance company to bear the full cost no matter what, a little loophole introduced in the Affordable Care Act, and Mylan is in the process of trying to squeeze through it. A well-intentioned part of the ACA was a requirement that insurance companies cover, without copay, preventive medicine services given an "A" or "B" recommendation by the United States Preventive Services Task Force. Here I give you the entirety of medications that meet this definition: You get the picture, right? There are only four, and two of them are aspirin. Does the EpiPen deserve to be elevated to these lofty preventive heights? Is the EpiPen a preventive medication? Two papers take two different sides on the issue. The first, led by Leonard Fromer but written by Mylan contractors, appears in the American Journal of Medicine. The article can be broken down into a few points. One: EpiPen saves lives. This is really undeniably true. Of course, lots of things save lives – open-heart surgery comes to mind – and we wouldn't call them preventive. Two: EpiPen is too expensive for many people to pay for. This is also undeniably true. Here are the abandonment rates, provided kindly by Mylan. Three: If the USPSTF classified EpiPen as preventive, insurance companies would be forced to pay for it, and more people would get it. Again, I agree. Four: EpiPen is preventive. It prevents anaphylaxis. And here's the rub. This all rests on the USPSTF stating that EpiPen is as much a preventive medication as aspirin is. On the other side of the rink is this paper, appearing in Annals of Internal Medicine: The basic point made here is simple: EpiPen is no more a preventive medicine than appendectomy. The larger point is this: Let's not let pharmaceutical companies get away with predatory pricing by transferring that cost to insurance companies – as in the end, that raises premiums for all of us. Look – by some definitions, all medications are preventive. We give penicillin for Strep throat to prevent rheumatic fever. We give omeprazole to prevent gastric reflux. These things work, and hey – maybe they should be free to everyone. But transferring costs to insurance doesn't actually make anything free. This is my sister (on the right). She needs an EpiPen due to a history of anaphylaxis. She currently pays $600 every 12 months for this since they expire every year. For her sake, I'd love her insurance company to cover this cost entirely. But by proxy, I'm asking all of you to pay more. What we are seeing here is a new business strategy – one in which drug costs reflect not the research and development or even marketing dollars that go into them, but simply what the market will bear. Life-threatening situations are not where we want to test how well the invisible hand functions. For now, if this new strategy upsets you, you should talk to the Federal Trade Commission, as the FDA has no authority to regulate drug prices. Neither does the FTC actually, but at least they can call out anticompetitive practices. It may be time for physicians to inject some adrenaline into this debate. 2016-10-10T17:52:32-0400 3 comments Next More in Primary Care Wind Turbines Versus Bats: That's Improbable! Short Sleepers Drink More Sugary Sodas Morning Break: Docs/Nurses Lose at Polls; Opdivo for GI Cancer; Investing in Weed Parallel Universes and Human Thought: That's Improbable! Teens Who Stay Up Late May Suffer from Self-Control Issues Morning Break: Brexit's Drug Shortage; Addyi a Bust? Borrowing for Cancer Care Phone Use at Bedtime Means Worse Sleep for Adolescents Chew or Snus: Should FDA Tighten Control? Next Article MedPageToday is a trusted and reliable source for clinical and policy coverage that directly affects the lives and practices of health care professionals. Physicians and other healthcare professionals may also receive Continuing Medical Education (CME) and Continuing Education (CE) credits at no cost for participating in MedPage Today-hosted educational activities. © 2016 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of the MedPageToday.com terms of use and privacy policy. The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. About Help Center Site Map Advertise with Us
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Business › Business News US stocks rise as energy companies and Apple move higher Published 10/10/2016 0 Comments Share US stocks rise as energy companies and Apple move higher BelfastTelegraph.co.uk US stocks rose on Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/us-stocks-rise-as-energy-companies-and-apple-move-higher-35120012.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35120011.ece/73d39/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-9ce3dc7e-28c3-465d-affb-f60feac43b81_I1.jpg Email The Dow Jones industrial average rose 88.55 points to 18,329.04 US stocks rose on Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. Oil rose after Russia's government said it supports efforts by Opec to cut oil production, while investors also reacted to the latest twists in the US presidential race. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Apple reached its highest price of the year and led tech stocks higher after new reports of fires affecting Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple's iPhone. Early in the day stocks were on track for far larger gains. Steve Chiavarone, an associated portfolio manager for Federated Investors, said a tumultuous weekend for Republican candidate Donald Trump contributed to the market's gains. He said investors mostly expect Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton to win, and they are concerned about the effect Mr Trump's trade proposals would have on the market and the economy. "What you're seeing in the market is a cheering of the status quo," he said. In his view, that is because investors understand Mrs Clinton's views and what her administration might look like even though they may disagree with her on issues such as tax policy. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4%, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5%, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7%, to 5,328.67. Russian president Vladimir Putin said that Russia supports Opec's efforts to cut oil production. In late September the nations of Opec announced a preliminary agreement to trim oil production, but Russia, a major energy producer, is not a member of Opec. Benchmark US crude rose 1.54 dollars, or 3.1%, to 51.35 dollars a barrel in New York. That was its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 1.21 dollars, or 2.3%, to 53.14 dollars a barrel in London. Exxon Mobil climbed 1.70 dollars, or 2%, to 88.44 dollars and Devon Energy added 1.58 dollars, or 33.7%, to 44.39 dollars. Apple climbed 1.99 dollars, or 1.7%, to 116.05 dollars as investors hope it will be able to sell more iPhones as competitor Samsung faced new problems with its Galaxy Note 7. Samsung said it has changed its production of the phones following reports that some of its replacement phones are overheating and catching fire, just as the original version of the phone did before Samsung recalled it last month. Samsung did not confirm or deny a report from a Korean news agency that it suspended production of the Note 7 phone. Drugmaker Mylan gained 2.93 dollars, or 8.2%, to 38.87 dollars. On Friday the company agreed to pay 465 million dollars to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid programme for its EpiPen allergy shot. Legislators and federal health authorities had said Mylan wrongly classified EpiPen as a generic drug instead of a brand-name one, which meant Mylan paid lower rebates to federal and state Medicaid programmes. The stock is down 20% since late August. Bristol-Myers Squibb plunged again after the company reported more data from a study of its drug Opdivo in lung cancer patients. It fell 5.62 dollars, or 10.1%, to 49.81 dollars. Rival Merck rose 1.13 dollars, or 1.8%, to 63.90 dollars as investors were pleased with results from a study of its cancer treatment Keytruda. Bristol-Myers stock has dropped 34% since the company announced initial results from that trial in early August, which has sent it to almost two-year lows. Merck is up 10% over the same time. The Mexican peso grew stronger following Mr Trump's calamitous weekend. Mr Trump has criticised Mexico and its trade agreements with the US, so the peso has become something of an indicator of how investors feel about the election. The currency has tended to weaken when investors feel Mr Trump is doing better and gets stronger when investors feel more confident in Mrs Clinton's chances. The US buys about 80% of Mexico's exports, which gives it a big influence on the Mexican economy. Following the peso's surge on Monday, one US dollar bought just 18.92 pesos, versus the 19.26 pesos it bought on Friday. The peso has weakened sharply this year but is currently the strongest it has been in about a month. Twitter continued to fall as investors grew less optimistic that the company will be sold. Twitter sank 2.29 dollars, or 11.5%, to 17.56 dollars. It fell 20% on Thursday on reports that possible buyers including Apple and Alphabet had decided not to make offers. Twitter has been on a big run since late July on rumours the company might be sold. The stock is now the lowest it has been since early August. Salesforce.com, which investors believe is a possible buyer, rose 4.19 dollars, or 5.9%, to 75.10 dollars. Manufacturer Dover forecast a smaller profit and a bigger decline in revenue because of weaker spending in several industries and production problems in its retail refrigeration unit. The company also said its purchase of British company Wayne Fueling Systems will not close until early next year because regulators in the United Kingdom are still reviewing the deal. The stock gave up 5.55 dollars , or 7.7%, to 66.69 dollars . Gold rose 8.50 dollars to 1,260.40 dollars an ounce. Silver added 28 cents to 17.66 dollars an ounce. Copper picked up three cents to 2.20 dollars a pound. Germany's DAX rose 1.3% and the CAC-40 in France was 1.1% higher. The FTSE 100 in London rose 0.8%. The Kospi in South Korea rose 0.1%. Japan's markets were closed for a holiday. The dollar rose to 103.68 yen from 103.06 yen on Friday. The euro fell to 1.1139 dollars from 1.1182 dollars, and the British pound fell to 1.2351 dollars from 1.2435 dollars. Bond trading was closed for the Columbus Day holiday. AP Press Association Read More Companies warned of £1.2bn a year cost of hard Brexit  A "hard Brexit" will cost UK companies an extra £1.2 billion a year, it has been estimated. Private sector expansion slows down, Bank of Scotland report shows  The country's private sector expanded at a slower rate last month, burdened by higher input prices and stagnating new business, a new report shows. Michael Noonan to offer reassurances about Ireland's appeal in US meetings  Finance Minister Michael Noonan is expected to offer reassurances about the country's enduring appeal when he meets potential investors in the United States this week. Big Six energy firms 'making six times more profit than they say'  Energy firms have been accused of making more profit than they say, following an investigation into companies' finances. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented JD Wetherspoon sells off Northern Ireland pubs in £3m deal to McLaughlin...  Business News Waitrose bids for best Christmas ad with tear-jerking story of homecoming...  Business News Oil giant Puma Energy snaps up Belfast's former BP terminal in growth plan  Business News Brexit does not signal British retreat from the wider world, says Theresa May  Business News John Lewis releases upbeat Buster The Boxer Christmas ad  Business News I'm A Celebrity campers split into two groups as jungle antics begin  News Benjamin Netanyahu denies Rabin 'incitement' claims  World Business activity in Northern Ireland records modest rate of growth  Business News Niall Horan: 'One Direction could reunite in the near future' Taylor Swift groping lawsuit photo leaked Lena Dunham suffered with hives after Trump's election victory Irish Whiskey - The Comeback Kid Poll: Is the poppy a political symbol? Brexit: Rep of Ireland should just leave EU Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Northern Ireland nightlife: Bot Wednesdays, Nov 9, 2016  Nightlife Nightlife: Limelight for Circus  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland Dramatic moment NI teens clamber to safety after car swept away  Technology Edward Snowden on Donald Trump presidency and privacy  Business News Watch: John Lewis Buster The Boxer Christmas ad  Northern Ireland Revealed: Which Northern Ireland schools will be involved in strike action?  Fashion and Beauty Stunning fashions on display at Down Royal  Northern Ireland Bath time sex romp NI man broke electronic tag  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Running Born2Run at Minnowburn - full results, and pictures  Northern Ireland Watch: Moment Ulsterbus bursts into flames  House and Home Property of the week: Modern Millisle beauty  Northern Ireland Watch: Shocking moment young girl hits car  Northern Ireland Safety campaigner under fire for 'kids in cab' video  Travel Readers' favourite Ulster beauty spots Autumn 2016  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Why Twitter Inc (TWTR), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) and Twilio Inc (TWLO) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks TWLO, TWTR and BMY stock were left out of Monday's rally effort By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Oct 10, 2016, 4:51 pm EST     Popular Posts: 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 10 Stocks to Buy If Donald Trump Becomes President The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Rest of 2016 Recent Posts: Why Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN), Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) and Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (USA) (AEM) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock’s Karma Drone Recall Was the Last Straw JCPenney Q3 Earnings Crush JCP Stock, Put Turnaround in Doubt View All Posts Stocks started the new trading week with a bang, largely celebrating the fact that Russia is finally starting to feel the burn of cheap oil, and as such may crimp its output in an effort to buoy crude prices. The S&P 500‘s close of 2163.66 was 0.46% better than Friday’s closing level. It wasn’t a winner for every stock, though. Twilio Inc (NYSE:TWLO), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE:BMY) and Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) couldn’t do anything to fend off the sellers on Monday. Here’s a closer look at what went wrong for each. Twitter Inc (TWTR) Last Thursday, when Twitter lost 20% of its value on the heels of news that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL), Salesforce.com, Inc. (NYSE:CRM) and Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) weren’t interested in acquiring the company, most TWTR owners figured the worst was over. They were wrong. TWTR shares fell another 11.5% today — reaching a new multi-week low in the process — following another round of reports saying the same thing, perhaps underscoring the notion even if it wasn’t breaking news. 5 Stocks to Sell Now or Short Into the Ground Bloomberg gets the blame/credit. It reported this weekend that a meeting to discuss a sale planned for Friday had been cancelled, deflating any lingering hopes that a bidder was waiting in the wings. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) What was good news for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) on Monday ended up being bad news for rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb, sending BMY 10% lower as a result. The battleground was non-small cell lung cancer. Bristol-Myers Squibb was taking aim at that ailment, but announced in August that its Opdivo failed to achieve adequate efficacy. An update on that trial released today didn’t make Opdivo look any better. Merck poured salt in the wound dished out to BMY shareholders when it announced today that its Keytruda did manage to create positive results as a therapy for lung cancer in its late-stage trial. While Keytruda still may not inherently become the “go-to” drug for all cases of NSCLC, the fact that it even performs better than chemo in some cases bodes well for MRK, and puts Bristol-Myers Squibb even further behind the eight ball. Twilio Inc (TWLO) Finally, cloud computing name Twilio saw its shares plunge 14% on Monday following reports that a handful major shareholders are planning to sell some of their TWLO stakes, locking in gains on the stock following its rally since the June 23rd IPO. The company also intends to sell shares. All told, $400 million worth of Twilio stock is going to be included in the secondary offering. The company’s portion of that total is $50 million, with the rest consisting of individual shareholders and institutions. That’s a huge chunk of the company’s $4.6 billion market cap, though, and investors are fearful that injection of supply could work against the value of TWLO. Indeed, it already has. As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace 10 Hot Stocks That Made Millionaires in 10 Years 7 Huge Swing Trades to Make for the Fourth Quarter Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/why-twitter-inc-twtr-bristol-myers-squibb-co-bmy-and-twilio-inc-twlo-are-3-of-todays-worst-stocks/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 44°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Sunday, November 13, 2016 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Replay of the Day Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Asian stocks mostly up amid reports on Samsung, oil supply Associated Press Monday, October 10, 2016 Credit: The Associated Press In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) comments TOKYO — Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday, while South Korea's benchmark fell following reports of fresh problems with Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.2 percent to 17,046.16. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. South Korea's Kospi slipped 0.9 percent to 2,039.04. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added nearly 0.2 percent to 5,484.60. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was flat at 23,849.01, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.3 percent to 3,057.02. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed.   The article you requested is no longer available on BostonHerald.com.   » Click here to view this article in the Associated Press' archive. More On: OPEC Apple Inc Merck & Co Inc Vladimir Putin Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets Self-driving hits Boston's Seaport jordan graham automotive Yes, you do need to change brake fluid every two years paul brand automotive jim mahoney Trending Now Walsh: Bullying of immigrants unacceptable Hillary Clinton blames FBI director James Comey for election loss Fire officials: Infant dies after couple nodded out on drugs City Hall winter garden plans set Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Newspapers In Education Boston Herald NIE SmartEdition Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: CheckMate Again for Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. As Shares Dip 10% A surprising failure for Opdivo opens the door for a competitor to grab significant market share. Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) Oct 10, 2016 at 4:06PM Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb. What happened Shares of global drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) tumbled as much as 10% during Monday's trading session following the release of its primary data from the CheckMate-026 study involving its blockbuster cancer immunotherapy drug, Opdivo. So what In August, Bristol-Myers Squibb announced that its phase 3 CheckMate-026 study involving Opdivo as a monotherapy treatment for first-line advanced non-small cell lung cancer failed to meet its primary endpoint of a statistically significant improvement in progression-free survival in patients whose tumors had PD-L1 expression of at least 5%. What we didn't know at the time was how close or far away from its goals Opdivo was. We now have that answer. Based on a press release over the weekend, Opdivo's median PFS in patients with PD-L1 expression greater than or equal to 5% was 4.2 months, compared to 5.9 months in patients with platinum-based doublet chemotherapy. The hazard ratio of 1.15 implies slight favorability toward chemotherapy as opposed to Opdivo as a monotherapy in first-line advanced NSCLC. In terms of survival, patients taking Opdivo demonstrated a very modest edge of 14.4 months versus 13.2 months for chemotherapy. In sum, Opdivo failed miserably to get anywhere close to reaching its primary endpoint. Making matters worse, over the weekend, Merck (NYSE:MRK) announced that its cancer immunotherapy Keytruda hit its mark in a first-line advanced NSCLC study in patients whose tumors had PD-L1 expression of at least 50%. According to the phase 3 KEYNOTE-024 trial, Keytruda cut the risk of disease progression or death by 50%, with progression-free survival in the Keytruda arm of 10.3 months compared to just 6 months for the chemotherapy arm. Furthermore, 80.2% of Keytruda patients were alive at the 6-month mark compared to 72.4% of the chemotherapy arm, and there was a clear confirmed response rate improvement for Keytruda (45% vs. 28%) compared to the chemotherapy arm. In other words, Keytruda is lined up for a first-line advanced NSCLC approval, and Opdivo is not. Image source: Merck. Now what Though this news is nothing short of shocking, and it's shaken Bristol-Myers Squibb's investors to the core, I would strongly suggest against giving up on Opdivo just yet. Investors should keep in mind that that the CheckMate-026 trial was designed as a monotherapy, and historically, cancer immunotherapies work better when used in combination with existing oncology drugs. Also note that Opdivo remains a foundation therapy for a number of cancer treatments, including second-line NSCLC and renal cell carcinoma. It's not uncommon for different cancers, and cancer stages, to respond differently to a medication, so it would be unwise to overreact to today's news. Bristol-Myers Squibb still offers dozens of ongoing clinical and planned combination and monotherapy opportunities with Opdivo, and based on its track record, at least some of them are likely to succeed. While peak annual sales estimates of Opdivo can rightly come down a bit after its decisive first-line NSCLC failure, and peak sales estimates for Merck's Keytruda can rightly be increased, Opdivo still has the potential to provide significant top- and bottom-line growth for Bristol-Myers going forward. With its PEG nearing one, I believe value and growth investors may want to give Bristol-Myers Squibb a closer look. Sean Williams has no material interest in any companies mentioned in this article. You can follow him on CAPS under the screen name TMFUltraLong, and check him out on Twitter, where he goes by the handle @TMFUltraLong. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.  Author Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 4:06PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.95 down $-1.01 (-1.55%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.37 down $0.29 (-0.51%) Read More 3 Great Dividend Stocks in the Bargain Bin for Retirees Why Bristol-Myers Squibb's Stock Is Tanking Today 3 Reasons Bristol-Myers Is a Buy After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? 3 Incredibly Cheap Big Pharma Stocks Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple and Exxon Mobil climb while Bristol-Myers tumbles By Associated Press Published: 16:25 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 16:25 EST, 10 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday: Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., down $5.62 to $49.81 The company reported more data from a disappointing study of its cancer drug Opdivo. Apple Inc., up $1.99 to $116.05 Samsung faced new problems with replacement models of its Galaxy Note 7, which could boost sales of Apple's iPhone. Exxon Mobil Corp., up $1.70 to $88.44 Energy companies traded higher with the price of oil. Mylan NV, up $2.93 to $38.87 The drugmaker rose after agreeing to pay $465 million to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid program for its EpiPen shot. Twitter Inc., down $2.29 to $17.56 The social media company continued to fall following reports that potential buyers have decided not to bid for the company. Merck & Co., up $1.13 to $63.90 Merck reported positive data from a study of its cancer drug Keytruda. Dover Corp., down $5.55 to $66.69 The manufacturing company cut its guidance because of weaker spending in several industries as well as production problems. Tesaro Corp., up $18.65 to $117.91 The company said its drug niraparib helped slow the progress of ovarian cancer in a late-stage clinical trial. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Suffers Heavy Dose of Disappointment BMY stock is now fairly valued, but wait for it to hit "cheap" before buying By Richard Saintvilus, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Oct 10, 2016, 1:38 pm EST     Popular Posts: Yum! Brands, Inc. Preps for China Split, Hikes Dividend (YUM) Recent Posts: McDonald’s Corporation Shakes Up C-Suite to Revive Sales (MCD) Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Has a Chance to Outperform After Earnings Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Is Bound to Fall Harder View All Posts Add the name Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE:BMY) to the list of volatile pharmaceutical stocks that have spooked investors into dumping their shares. BMY stock is getting shellacked Monday, down more than 9% after the drug giant disclosed that a clinical trial of its cancer drug Opdivo performed worse than investors had expected. Source: A 4 via Flickr If the disappointing results weren’t bad enough for BMY stock, the competing drug from Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Keytruda, demonstrated superiority in overall survival among patients tested. It goes without saying, the lifespan of drug companies depends on the strength of their product pipelines, especially those that are on patent. And to create strong product pipelines, drug companies rely on clinical trials which determine whether the Food and Drug Administration will green-light the product as being ready for market. Based on Bristol-Myers’ results, which showed that patients did no better on Opdivo than those on chemotherapy, and survived only 4.2 months before their disease worsened, the company will now have to go back to the drawing board. Accordingly, the gains BMY stock enjoyed in anticipation of the successful trial are being erased. Monday’s disappointing news follows a failed trial of Opdivo back in August, which at the time wiped out more than $20 billion in Bristol-Myer’s market value as BMY stock plunged from around $75 to $63 (16% decline) in one day. 7 Huge Swing Trades to Make for the Fourth Quarter BMY stock has never recovered from that, falling some 13% to Friday’s close. Monday’s beating, which puts Bristol-Myers stock below $50, translates to a total decline of 35% in about two months. There’s speculation that Opdivo’s failure could be related to the fact that it was tested in patients for whom it was unsuitable. According to Reuters, some analysts had expected the drug to at least work for lung cancer patients who had high levels of the protein PD-L1. However, Bloomberg on Monday noted that there was no evidence of that in the latest results. In that regard, following the company’s disappointment in August and the fact that Opdivo still fell short of already-low expectations in the latest study, it’s worth asking: Can Bristol-Myers ever get this product beyond its labs? And with the fact that Merck appears ahead of the race of helping lung-cancer patients who’ve just been diagnosed, Bristol-Myers and its pipeline is poised to underperform in the quarters and years ahead. The Bottom Line for BMY Stock Although BMY stock is now down 27% year to date, including over 33% in three months, I wouldn’t take a chance here. As we’ve seen after the August decline, things can still get worse. Should You Buy the Dow? Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Plus, from a valuation perspective, estimates will now have to come down before BMY stock is worth the risk. Bristol-Myers is projected to earn $3 per share in fiscal 2017, which puts its price-to-earnings ratio at 17 — in line with the S&P 500 Index. At best, BMY stock — at around $49 — is now fairly valued. But given its failure rate, “cheap” is the only reason to buy. And the stock is still not there yet. At the time of this writing, Richard Saintvilus did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Rest of 2016 5 Top Stocks to Buy for October Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/bmy-stock-bristol-myers-disappointment/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Post-Election to Ignite These Stocks Higher Home | Investing and Analysis Tags: bristol myers | cancer | drug | merck Bristol Plunges, Merck Jumps on Contrasting Lung Cancer Data (Dollar Photo Club) Monday, 10 Oct 2016 12:11 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. shares plunged almost 10 percent after researchers said lung cancer patients fared worse on its Opdivo immunotherapy than those on chemotherapy, while shares of Merck & Co. jumped 2 percent on strong benefits shown by its rival drug in a similar late-stage study. Patients in both company trials had not been previously treated for their advanced lung cancer. Both drugs were already approved for patients whose disease had progressed following chemotherapy. The companies are hoping to gain approval for them as initial, or first line treatments, and thereby greatly increase the numbers of patients taking them. Opdivo had long been considered the leader in a new class of medicines that help the immune system unmask hidden cancer cells, until August, when it failed to do better than older chemotherapies in the Phase III trial. Researchers on Sunday released new information from the study, which showed patients actually did worse on Opdivo, surviving only 4.2 months before their disease worsened, against 5.9 months for those on chemo, although the difference was not statistically significant. The data was presented at the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress in Copenhagen. "This data represented a 'worst-case scenario' for Opdivo," Sanford Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson said in a research note. Meanwhile, as a monotherapy, researchers said Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression in previously untreated patients, and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumors had high levels of a protein called PD-L1 that the drugs target. "Merck will completely 'own' the segment of first-line lung cancer patients who have high PD-L1 expression levels, and Bristol Myers will capture nothing really," Anderson said. Bristol shares, which had already lost one quarter of their value since the initial trial data was disclosed in August, fell 9.6 percent to $49.94 in morning trading on Monday. Merck shares rose 2.2 percent to $64.13, also on the New York Stock Exchange. Both drugs have been approved for several types of cancer, but lung cancer is considered by far the biggest market for cancer drugs.   © 2016 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share InvestingAnalysis Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. shares plunged almost 10 percent after researchers said lung cancer patients fared worse on its Opdivo immunotherapy than those on chemotherapy, while shares of Merck jumped 2 percent. bristol myers, cancer, drug, merck 351 Monday, 10 Oct 2016 12:11 PM 2016-11-10 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented CNBC: Wall Street Caught Without Trump Plan; Traders Buy Gold, See 10 S&P 500 Decline Wednesday, 09 Nov 2016 | 35 comments "Praise God from whom all blessings flow. Praise him all creatures here... Steve Forbes: 7 Ways to Replace Obamacare With Better, Affordable Insurance Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 24 comments 1. Hospitals must provide one price for any procedure, which applies... US Chief Executives Write Open Letter to Trump Seeking Reassurances Wednesday, 09 Nov 2016 | 19 comments After placing all of their bets on Hillary and losing, they now have the... UAW Says Will Work with Trump on NAFTA Reform Friday, 11 Nov 2016 | 19 comments The union opposed Trump's candidacy, but said his "position on trade is... Wilbur Ross: Hillary Presidency Means '3rd Term of Obama,' Recession Within 2 Years Tuesday, 08 Nov 2016 | 16 comments This country is already in a recession. But things will only get worse... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12386682 Home 12386742 News Hurricane Matthew County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Politics 2016 Election Skyvision Action Button Links Download News App 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hour by Hour Talking the Tropics Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Interactive Radar Sky Cams First Alert Wx App Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic Gas Prices First Alert Traffic Twitter 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Light the Night American Red Cross MSABC BIKE MS Feeding NEFL Sea and Sky 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida More Asian stocks mostly up amid reports on Samsung, oil supply by: MARLEY JAY, AP Markets Writer Updated: Oct 10, 2016 - 10:48 PM Twtter TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday, while South Korea's benchmark fell following reports of fresh problems with Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.2 percent to 17,046.16. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. South Korea's Kospi slipped 0.9 percent to 2,039.04. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added nearly 0.2 percent to 5,484.60. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was flat at 23,849.01, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.3 percent to 3,057.02. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed. SAMSUNG WOES: Shares in Samsung Electronics fell 5.4 percent after the company said it was sales of its Note 7 smartphones. It advised customers to turn off their devices or replace them. Samsung issued a worldwide recall of the Note 7, a huge phone-bordering-on-tablet with a powerful battery, in late September after the devices were found to have a tendency to catch fire. South Korean officials said Tuesday that replacement devices have also overheated or caught fire. WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. OIL AND RUSSIA: Oil prices fell slightly after spiking to their highest level in a year after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia, which is not a member of OPEC, supports a preliminary agreement by OPEC nations to cut oil output. THE QUOTE: "It was Russia to the rescue last night, as Vladimir Putin said Russia was ready to join with OPEC in creating a deal to curb production and pump up prices. At the same Energy Congress in Istanbul, the ever outspoken Algerian Energy Minister called on other non-OPEC producers to join them," Jeff Halley, a senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a commentary. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 11 cents to $51.24. It added $1.54 to $51.35 a barrel in New York on Monday, its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 7 cents to $53.07 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 103.94 yen from 102.96 yen late Monday in Asia. The euro fell to $ 1.1128 from $1.1192. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Asian stocks mostly up amid reports on Samsung, oil supply Asian shares mostly lower, Nikkei gets boost from weak yen Wall Street bets Trump will spend more, regulate less US stock indexes mostly lower in morning trading; oil slumps Asian shares join Wall Street rally as Trump fears ease News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Jacksonville Coupons About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
Monday, October 10, 2016  |  Muharram 9, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Julphar’s new medicines improve the control of blood glucose levels in the body. Jeff Topping / The National Julphar adds two new drugs to its diabetes portfolio The National staff October 10, 2016 Updated: October 10, 2016 08:25 PM Related Dubai anticipates rising numbers of medical tourists this year Emirates SkyPharma officially opened at Dubai International Airport – in pictures UAE could be a leader in pharma tech in the region Indian pharma steps up efforts on US safety standards Abu Dhabi-listed Julphar steps up facilities spending Gulf Pharmaceutical Industries, known as Julphar, has launched two drugs for managing type 2 diabetes. It is part of a 2014 licensing and co-marketing agreement with the US company Merck Sharp & Dohme, Abu Dhabi-listed Julphar said yesterday. "The launch of Xelevia and Velmetia is part of our continuing mission to develop Julphar diabetes portfolio, to support the healthcare community in the region," said Dr Hosam Badr, the marketing director at Julphar. Both medicines help improve the control of blood glucose (sugar) levels in the body when combined with a healthy diet and exercise. Figures from the International Diabetes Federation show that more than 19 per cent of the population in the UAE has type 2 diabetes – ranking 16th worldwide. An unhealthy, inactive lifestyle and weight gain are the leading causes of type 2 diabetes. Studies have shown that people with diabetes have a six times higher risk of cardiovascular disease and stroke. In 2019, the UAE’s pharmaceutical expenditure is expected to reach Dh13.97 billion, growing at an average of 8 per cent annually from Dh10.32bn last year, according to a report in February from the research company BMI. The manufacturer of gen­eric medicines reported a net profit of Dh54.8 million in the second quarter of the year, compared to Dh54.3m a year earlier. Julphar shares closed unchanged yesterday at Dh2.18. business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Dubai anticipates rising numbers of medical tourists this year Emirates SkyPharma officially opened at Dubai International Airport – in pictures UAE could be a leader in pharma tech in the region Indian pharma steps up efforts on US safety standards More Economy Hard economic realities to trump US populism Trump looms large over World Economic Forum event in Dubai Agility in search of PPP deals in the UAE Saudi Arabia and Alabbar eye online retail domination MOST VIEWED Business | All Renault faces criminal inquiry over emissions cheating suspicions Abu Dhabi’s Royal Jet offers VIP alternative to travelling first class A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Saudi Arabia and Alabbar eye online retail domination Dubai Parks operator aims to lift revenue as costs rise India’s currency move will hit property and gold Basking in the glow of Egypt’s devaluation Head of GE Oil & Gas says oil industry cuts not done yet Trump looms large over World Economic Forum event in Dubai More Most Viewed American-Iranian political tensions will only escalate UAE detection stations fully operational after meteor hits Abu Dhabi 2018 Africa World Cup qualifying: Chelsea pair Victor Moses and John Obi Mikel on target for Nigeria Louvre Abu Dhabi announces first contemporary art installations Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Muhammad Surur and the normalisation of extremism Girl, 16, trafficked to Dubai and forced into prostitution, court hears Trump win means ‘more Israeli settlements, fewer rights for Palestinians’ Hate crime and Islamophobia increases after Trump victory More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Hate crime and Islamophobia increases after Trump victory About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse SunTrust Cuts Target On Bristol-Myers As Opdivo Estimates Revised Lower R. Chandrasekaran , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 10, 2016 10:08am   Comments Share: Related BMY Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? The Election Can't Come Soon Enough For Biotechs Bristol-Myers cancer drug combo shows promise (Seeking Alpha) Related MRK Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election Week In Review: Investors Embrace Future Of Biologics Drugs In Samsung Biologics' $2 Billion IPO (Seeking Alpha) After Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY) disclosed disappointing study results of its Opdivo, SunTrust has reduced the price target on the company's shares from $68 to $62 on lower EPS estimates for the year 2017 and 2018. However, the firm maintains its Hold rating on the stock. Analyst John Boris boosted his sales estimate for the year 2016; he maintains his EPS expectations, however. For the year 2017 and 2018, the analyst reduced Opdivo estimate from $5.3 billion to $4.6 billion and $6.7 billion to $5.8 billion, respectively, based on Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK)'s first mover advantage for its drug, Keytruda. Related Link: Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On Bristol-Myers Squibb Co And Sirius XM Holdings Inc. In a research note, the brokerage said, "Our ‘17E EPS decreases to $3.02 (from $3.29) vs. Street's $3.00. We lowered our PT to $62 (from $68) & maintained our Hold rating. Our $62PT is based on 20x our ‘17E EPS. BMY needs positive expressers arm of CM-227 to stop in 2017 for it to execute on its IO-IO combo strategy." On October 9, Bristol-Myer disclosed in a statement, "Two pivotal Phase 3 studies, CheckMate -057 and CheckMate -017, which showed more than one-third of previously treated metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients in both trials experienced ongoing responses with Opdivo, compared to no ongoing responses in the docetaxel arm." However, the results were below the expectations of analysts. At last check early in Monday's regular trading session, Bristol-Myers Squibb was down 8.68 percent at $50.62. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for BMY Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Hilliard Lyons Upgrades Neutral Long-Term Buy Oct 2016 Credit Suisse Maintains Neutral Sep 2016 Citigroup Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for BMY View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Biotech News Health Care Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Movers Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BMY + MRK) Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election Technical Alert: Merck Reaches $65 And Retreats Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs Biotech Is Getting A Big Boost Following Clinton's Loss View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BMY Trending Recent 1 DIS, T: Bob Iger Hinted At Disney's Next M&A Move And It Could Be A Big One 2 AAPL, MSFT: Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks 3 TSLA, NVDA: NVIDIA's Blowout Quarter Helps It Remain A Top Pi... 4 TWMJF, APHQF: Marijuana Legalization And A Republican Go... 5 TREE, FB: 'Trump And Dump' Scenari... 6 SBUX, AZSEY: Here's What Some T... 7 SPY, SPX: Jeffrey Gundlac... 1 TRUE, GOOG: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 2 DIS, TWX: The Simpsons And 7 Great TV Shows That Went On For Too Long 3 BABA: Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba 4 DIS: The Disney Story Just Became All About 2018 5 GOOG, SNE: 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear 6 GOOGL, GOOG: YouTube's CEO On Why The Video... 7 DCT, TWMJF: Marijuana Legalization An... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Lipocine Showered With Good News Recently Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Open Higher; Dover Lowers Full-Year Forecast

VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 14/11/2016 09:50:37 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   world-news Last update 11:00 | 10/10/2016    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Roche lung cancer drug success adds to pressure on Bristol Lung cancer patients on Roche's immune system-boosting drug Tecentriq lived on average 4.2 months longer than those taking chemotherapy in a pivotal study, pressuring Bristol-Myers Squibb's dominant position in the field. The trial involved second-line patients, who have already used chemotherapy, and it found the Roche drug worked even in people with low or no levels of a protein called PD-L1, which is often used to test suitability for immunotherapy. The study results were presented at the annual European Society of Medical Oncology congress on Sunday. Bristol's Opdivo is currently the only immunotherapy drug approved without a PD-L1 test for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), the most common form of the disease. Merck & Co's Keytruda requires a test. That has favored Opdivo and fueled its sales, but the arrival of a rival with the same broad effectiveness now promises increased competition. U.S. regulators are due to decide whether to approve Tecentriq in lung cancer by Oct. 19. The Roche drug is already cleared for use in bladder cancer. Tecentriq, Opdivo and Keytruda are the first of a highly promising class of immunotherapy drugs that are revolutionizing cancer treatment and are tipped to generate huge sales. Lung cancer, the biggest cancer killer globally, is the top commercial opportunity. Analysts believe Tecentriq sales across all cancers will reach $4 billion in 2021, according to consensus figures compiled by Thomson Reuters. In the 1,225-patient Roche study, the mean survival for patients on Tecentriq was 13.8 months, which was 27 percent better than the 9.6 months seen among those on docetaxel chemotherapy. The benefit of the new drug was greatest in patients with high levels of PD-L1 but even in people with no PD-L1 expression there was still a significant improvement. Martin Reck of Germany's Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf said the findings suggested doctors had a problem if they planned to use a negative PD-L1 reading as a reason to exclude second-line NSCLC patients from treatment. Companies are also racing to prove that immunotherapy can help in first-line NSCLC, where it would replace chemotherapy as the initial drug given. Here, however, the idea of giving immunotherapy to all patients has proved problematic, as evidenced by the failure of a recent Bristol trial. Roche has eight late-stage Phase III lung studies under way evaluating Tecentriq alone or in combination with other treatments in patients with early and advanced stages of lung cancer. No silver lining in failed Bristol cancer drug trial Bristol-Myers Squibb disappointed investors on Sunday as researchers detailed data for its Opdivo cancer immunotherapy, which was already known to have failed to do better than older chemotherapies in a closely watched clinical trial. A trader passes by a screen displaying the tickers symbols for Bristol-Myers Squibb and Intelsat, Ltd. on the floor at the New York Stock Exchange, April 25, 2013.  Some analysts had speculated the study would at least show Opdivo worked in a subset of lung cancer patients with a biomarker that should make them more receptive to immunotherapy, but there was no sign of this. Bristol first announced the trial failure in August, since when its shares have fallen by around a quarter, but experts have been waiting eagerly to learn exactly what went wrong and see if something might be salvaged from the setback. In the event, data on Sunday showed patients actually did worse on Opdivo, surviving only 4.2 months before their disease worsened against 5.9 months for those on chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. What is more, researchers told the European Society for Medical Oncology congress that they were unable to point to any group of patients who did better in the trial, possibly due to imbalances between patients in different subsets. Bristol took a big gamble by accepting a wide range of previously untreated lung cancer patients into its trial, in contrast to Merck which succeeded in a similar study by only taking people with high levels of a protein called PD-L1. Immunotherapies like Opdivo and Merck's Keytruda work by taking the brakes off the immune system and are known to be most effective when tumor cells express lots of PD-L1. Some investors had hoped Bristol would be able to point to a clear benefit in patients whose tumors had at least 50 percent of cells producing PD-L1. However, even in this group the trial did not show a benefit. Commenting on the results, Naiyer Rizvi of Columbia University Medical Center, who was not involved in the study, said the failure to see a benefit was unexpected and hard to resolve with other clinical trials. Bristol's bad news day contrasted sharply with that of Merck, which was able to point to a double success in clinical trials using Keytruda. Source: Reuters Roche lung cancer drug, only immunotherapy drug, untreated lung cancer patients, revolutionizing cancer treatment   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Trump may have stopped the bleeding, but not the worrying North Carolina floodwaters, death toll rise as Matthew heads to sea Hurricane Matthew toll in Haiti at 1,000, buries dead in mass graves Study shows health improving globally, but progress is patchy Hurricane Matthew kills at least 283 in Haiti, dozens in one village IMF, global finance leaders fret over populist backlash Hurricane Matthew closes in on Florida as Haiti death toll rises Rolling Stones expected to announce first studio album in a decade Trio wins Nobel chemistry prize for 'world's smallest machines' Wal-Mart's next move against Amazon: More warehouses, faster shipping     Top Stories Once-famous brands struggle to survive The market of Chuong conical hat village Gov’t to stop acting as guarantor for state-owned enterprise loans Bao Loc tourism destination dreamy in autumn Experts warn about Hoang Anh Gia Lai’s plan to sell land Hydropower plants causing more accidents Head transplant operation in Vietnam planned Tourism industry to make more use of general aviation Should Vietnam take pride in low labor costs? Online ad rate in Vietnam lowest in the world Latest News Grilled corn - A winter snack of Hanoians Central region, Central Highlands areas need new flood maps Teachers struggle to live with low wages, delayed payments Very few patents granted to Vietnamese Socio-political stability attracts foreign investments Dancer’s passion inspires VN youth With or without TPP, Vietnam still improves business environment Pulling at your heartstrings, one string at a time The war on dirty food goes mobile Golden opportunities expected for financial investments     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
November 14, 2016 0253 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:170052 Publish Date: Sun, 09 Oct 2016 13:54:42 GMT Service: Health Bristol drug flop opens big cancer opportunity The failure of Bristol-Myers Squibb's blockbuster Opdivo immunotherapy in previously untreated lung cancer patients has opened up the market for AstraZeneca, its chief executive believed. "Suddenly, this trial news opens quite some opportunities for us, in both monotherapy and combination therapy," Chief Executive Pascal Soriot said, reuters.com reported. Soriot is in Copenhagen for the European Society for Medical Oncology congress, where he and his team will be scouring data from competitors to determine how best to fine-tune their own clinical work to maximize its chance of success. The timing has been fortuitous for the British drugmaker, which can now take advantage of the experience of its rivals. At stake is a chunk of a hugely promising new market for cancer treatments that fight tumors by boosting the immune system. Industry analysts forecast such drugs could eventually generate annual sales of $30 billion to $40 billion, with lung cancer seen as the biggest opportunity. Much of the clinical focus is on the best way to select patients likely to benefit from the new and expensive medicines, by using biomarkers to assess their tumors. While the Opdivo trial included patients with low levels of a protein called PD-L1, a separate trial found Merck's similar drug Keytruda worked well in a much smaller group of patients expressing at least 50 percent PD-L1. That gives AstraZeneca the opportunity to steer a path between its two rivals by refining the PD-L1 benchmarks used in its own keenly awaited clinical trial, known as MYSTIC, which is expected to report results early next year. "It gives us a chance to do what BMS was trying to do, but do it in a less risky manner, by expanding the population from the 50 percent PD-L1 cut-off to a bit broader," Soriot said. AstraZeneca’s rival to Opdivo and Keytruda is durvalumab, which is being tested on its own and with another immunotherapy called tremelimumab. The British company is currently planning to look at how well its treatment fares among patients with a 25 percent PD-L1 expression level or more, but it has the flexibility to amend this. Roche also has a rival immunotherapy called Tecentriq, which has proved effective in previously treated lung cancer patients, and the fact that AstraZeneca looks like being fourth to market has been viewed negatively by many investors. Soriot argues this ignores the fact his company has the potential to leap ahead in combination therapy, which could well become the main choice for most lung cancer patients. "We're coming from a place where everybody thought we were behind and we have a very good chance to play in both the monotherapy and combination segments," Soriot said. "Even if BMS were to catch up with us in combination, there would still only be two companies with these regimens." Currently, Bristol's competing immunotherapy combination is not expected to produce clinical trial results until 2018. Furthermore, AstraZeneca has another card up its sleeve in the form of a so-called priority review voucher from the US Food and Drug Administration, which Soriot said could be used, if needed, to help it seek rapid approval. "Being first is definitely important," Soriot said.     KeyWords Bristol drug opens   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Use of statins before cardiac arrest may aid survival afterwards Pesticide exposure, microbiome changes interlinked Flu shots, schools with equipment help children combat asthma Scientists identify potential new treatment for pancreatic cancer Arthritis drug Celebrex may help treat depression Probiotics could improve memory for people with dementia Study: Blood cells can be 'weaponized' to break up tumors Low vitamin D may raise bladder cancer risk Natural treatment for diabetes growing in your garden Kids with cardiac arrest less likely to survive CPR at night Most Visited Trump looking at 'quick ways' to ditch Paris climate accord: Report Protests erupt in Cincinnati after mistrial in police shooting of black male www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/3277 sec
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Monday | November 14, 2016 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Nov 14, 03:43 am CPEC Nov 14, 02:47 am Condition of government universities Nov 14, 02:47 am More efforts needed to prevent TB Nov 14, 02:46 am The British justice system Nov 14, 02:46 am Donald Trump Nov 14, 02:46 am Sugar mill shifting Nov 14, 02:46 am Past in Perspective Nov 14, 02:45 am CPEC: A unique model   Cost of living: Life saving drug goes from $1 to $750 a pill Most companies will flake out at the thought of investing in projects that guarantee no returns. They will reason that companies are only responsible to their shareholders for profits October 10, 2016, 3:09 am SHARE : Talha Afzal Tweet Daraprim, a drug that is the de facto standard of care for treating life threatening infections went from $13.75 to $750 overnight. The drug that was initially marketed at $1 a pop in 2009 is also used by transplant and AIDS patients. Although the drug price is down to $375 now after the arrest of the controversial CEO who was responsible for price hike, it is still very expensive considering the need to be administered every day (for years). The outrageous hike that left patients devastated gives rise to one and only one question: should profit motive be the only purpose of corporate existence? Take a look at Merck and Company, a pharmaceutical company that was faced with a somewhat similar situation many years ago. The company could develop a drug that could potentially save many lives but presented little to no opportunity of earning a return on investment.  The disease, known as river blindness, was agonizing: worms curled up as noodles under the skin causing intense itching, lesions, blindness, and eventually death. Most victims however ended up committing suicide before the final stage. It affected 18 million impoverished people in Africa and Latin America. The name of the drug was Ivermectin and it was being marketed by Merck as an animal drug. It would cost the company $100 million to develop the human version of the drug. The problem was three-fold: First, the company may never be able to recoup the investment because the victims of the disease were poor. Secondly, if the drug affected humans adversely, sales of the animal version, which was a major source of revenue, would also plummet. Third, the government was getting ready to pass a law that would allow competing pharmaceuticals to copy drug formulas sooner than they previously could and market it as their own. This would intensify competition leaving Merck with slim to no chance of recouping the initial losses on the product. Did Merck have a duty to develop the product? There is no easy answer to the dichotomy but the managers thought it did. Some of them even went so far as dispensing the drug for free.  This may have looked counter-intuitive given most businesses desire profitability over philanthropy but commentators argued that Merck would benefit from the act of kindness in the longer run. Merck did what was right. But will every company? Most companies will flake out at the thought of investing in projects that guarantee no returns. They will reason that companies are only responsible to their shareholders for profits and if they keep investing in unprofitable ventures, they will soon go out of business. Unethical choices may look promising in the short run but the eventual cost to the society is large. Take energy sector for instance. The sector is not only exploiting non-renewable resources, but the carbon dioxide emission from the industry poses imminent threat to environment. The industry may look profitable apparently, but the hidden cost to the society is large. According to a 2015 report, the carbon dioxide cost to the society exceeded the profits made by the industry. That means if the government passed legislation making it mandatory for every company to fix the damage to society, not many businesses will stay profitable. Instead of mere compliance, companies should pro-actively embody social goals, and environmental welfare should form the bedrock of social responsibility. Only when every tree has been felted and the last drop of water has been poisoned will people realize they cannot survive on arbitrary profits. Tweet More by Talha Afzal Muhammad Talha Afzal is an author, blogger and entrepreneur. He can be reached at synergical@gmail.com. Follow him on Facebook RELATED NEWS November 18, 2015 i DON'T KNOW THE COST OF WALL OF CHINA BUT THE GREAT WALL OF JATI-UMRA IS GOING TO COST US$ 380 ... March 16, 2011 Heavy cost of health sector devolution October 15, 2008 Absence of health minister affecting health dept working October 20, 2011 Rural Health Centre, school admin team up for students' health MORE IN BLOGS November 14, 2016, 1:32 am With Gwadar Port becoming operational we must acknowledge NAP’s successes that have made CPEC ... November 14, 2016, 1:09 am Review: Sang-e-marmar, episode 10 November 13, 2016, 9:40 pm Khuzdar Shrine blast: 52 lives lost, but the biggest issue for most is whether they were killed or ... November 13, 2016, 6:55 pm If you're happy and you know it... let me know how Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented Pakistan raps Japan's 'discriminatory' nuclear deal with ... Reham's allegations baseless, says PTI leader Jahangir Badar dies of cardiac arrest Sharbat Gula to travel to India for treatment: Ambassador LATEST COMMENTS Eddied it is refreshing to hear positive agenda for the betterment of Pakistan's future...much better than the mullahs agenda to drag Pakistan back to the dark ages of sharia... Eddied a suicide bombing by a brainwashed child...muslims killing muslims in a muslim country...when will this stop???? kaamAdmi why my comment is pending. Pro Pakistan? thats why? ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS Eddied it is refreshing to hear positive agenda for the betterment of Pakistan's future...much better than the mullahs agenda to drag Pakistan back to the dark ages of sharia... Eddied a suicide bombing by a brainwashed child...muslims killing muslims in a muslim country...when will this stop???? kaamAdmi why my comment is pending. Pro Pakistan? thats why? OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2016, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe AstraZeneca, Rivals Take Aim at Lung Cancer Combo Therapies Ketaki Gokhale, Naomi Kresge and Jared S. Hopkins October 9, 2016 — 12:31 PM EDT Updated on October 9, 2016 — 1:49 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Astra aims to be first to market with first-line combination Bristol-Myers Opdivo failure emboldens immune oncology rivals Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp For AstraZeneca Plc, when it comes to beating cancer there’s strength in numbers. The drugmaker is combining two medicines to overcome lung cancer’s defenses against an immune system attack, an approach that became more attractive after rivals’ studies showed that single-drug therapy might only work in certain patients. Now AstraZeneca is racing Roche Holding AG and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. to be first to the market with a two-drug treatment that helps more newly-diagnosed people. “We made a deliberate choice to go right away to the combination strategy,” Mondher Mahjoubi, general manager of oncology at the AstraZeneca, said in an interview. Once seen as a laggard in immune-oncology, AstraZeneca’s fortunes got a boost in August when Bristol-Myers’s Opdivo failed an ambitious test that tried to show its effectiveness as a first-line treatment for a broad swath of patients with lung cancer. Results of single drug trials such as this one have shown that while a single treatment is effective on tumors with high levels of a biological marker called PD-L1., when levels of the biomarker are lower, a combination approach is necessary, Mahjoubi said. Backbone of Therapy The backbone of AstraZeneca’s approach is durvalumab, which blocks PD-L1, a protein “checkpoint” on some cancer cells that helps them hide from the the body’s immune system. The drugmaker is studying durvalumab in combination with another of its immune oncology drugs, tremelimumab, as a first-line treatment for patients with non-small cell lung cancer, the most common form of the disease. The company aims to file for approval for the combination in the U.S., Europe and Japan next year. “It is possible, provided that the data supports filing, that we would be first” with an approved first-line combination treatment for non-small cell lung cancer, said Sean Bohen, chief medical officer at AstraZeneca. “There is a huge unmet need, and as a result, a good market opportunity.” Lung cancer killed about 1.59 million people around the world in 2012, according to the World Health Organization, making it the leading cause of cancer deaths. It’s the biggest killer in the U.S., and there will be an estimated 224,000 cases and 158,000 deaths this year, according to the American Cancer Society. Competitors Other checkpoint inhibitors like durvalumab include Bristol-Myers’s Opdivo and Merck & Co.’s Keytruda, and have showed early promise in lung cancer. Cambridge, England-based AstraZeneca has the broadest portfolio of combinations, with 19 combinations of immune oncology medicines in its experimental pipeline, according to Bloomberg Intelligence, though all of the drugmakers are exploring combination treatments in some form or another. Bristol’s approach is similar to AstraZeneca’s: mixing two immune-oncology drugs. A combination of its Opdivo and Yervoy is in late stage trials slated to complete in early 2018. The New York-based company’s emphasis on combinations comes after the drugmaker in August failed to show Opdivo was significantly better than chemotherapy in first-line therapy. At the European Society for Medical Oncology meeting in Copenhagen on Sunday, Bristol-Myers presented more data from the trial that showed little difference in how first-line lung cancer patients did on the drug, even in those with high PD-L1 levels. That failure could disappoint doctors and investors. The results were “below expectations,” wrote John Scotti, an analyst at Evercore ISI in New York. Roche too is in late-stage trials of its immune oncology drug Tecentriq in combination with chemotherapy, and with chemotherapy and the already approved targeted therapy Avastin, as a first-line treatment in patients with lung cancer. It expects to file for regulatory approvals for the combinations in 2018. Merck presented data at the conference on Sunday from an early-stage trial of a combination of its checkpoint inhibitor Keytruda and conventional chemotherapy tested on lung cancer patients. The results showed the combination was more effective than chemotherapy as a first-line treatment, regardless of their levels of the PD-L1 biomarker. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE AstraZeneca PLC Cancer Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 14 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's ENBD bank expects retail lending growth to fall in 2017 Dubai's Alabbar to launch Middle East online shopping platform Aluminium Bahrain Q3 net income rises 65.1% Dubai mulls a new law for affordable housing Dubai Marina was top pick in Q3 Dubai industrial realty is running hot, says DIP CEO Aluminium Bahrain Q3 net income rises 65.1% Hyperloop between Dubai, Abu Dhabi in full swing Dubai mulls a new law for affordable housing Algeria Tiguentourine gas plant back at capacity before year's end - Iran opens three new oilfields as it boosts output Saudi energy minister in Algiers for talks UAE's ENBD bank expects retail lending growth to fall in 2017 India cenbank asks banks to furnish daily data on cash withdrawals Dubai's law on free zones, special development zones Al Baraka Banking Group's third-quarter net profit drops 3.75% Islamic stocks in Qatar surge about 2% Islamic finance nears final standard for gold-based products Dubai's Alabbar to launch Middle East online shopping platform Omani telecom provider to roll out Internet of Things network Zain Saudi told to pay rival millions in arbitration Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Strong earthquake strikes near Christchurch, New Zealand Iraq troops vow to tighten noose on Islamic State in Mosul UAE's revenue $1.58 bln from e-Dirham in 1st 9 months 2016 UAE's Fujairah seeks partnerships with all investors- Ruler Saudi tourism sector creates 1.3 million jobs World Economic Forum Dubai meeting opens Saudi clinics treat over 3,000 Syrians a week in Jordan Syrian army and allies advance in Aleppo Jordan's ICT initiative designed to create 150,000 jobs Algeria Tiguentourine gas plant back at capacity before year's end - Tunisian trade deficit worsens to $4.76 bln in Oct Egyptian stocks rise further following IMF loan approval Strong earthquake strikes near Christchurch, New Zealand Iraq troops vow to tighten noose on Islamic State in Mosul Emirates NBD updates of what Trump economy could look like Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities India cenbank asks banks to furnish daily data on cash withdrawals Egyptian stocks rise further following IMF loan approval UAE Exchange President explains how Indians can exchange currency Egyptian stocks rise further following IMF loan approval Shares exposed to emerging market funds sag but Saudi index climbs Emerging market weakness, lower oil may hit regional shares India cenbank asks banks to furnish daily data on cash withdrawals UAE Exchange President explains how Indians can exchange currency Egypt's banks bought $1.4 bln since pound floated Egypt tender draws few offers on day of planned protests OPEC points to even bigger 2017 oil surplus as its output jumps Gold set for first weekly drop in four, Trump policy in focus Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Dubai's law on free zones, special development zones Kuwait labor sector requires restructuring No backing off on Umrah fee, says Saudi Ministry of Haj Dubai's law on free zones, special development zones Kuwait labor sector requires restructuring Kuwait's court confirms royal can run in polls Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Illegal drone users to face prosecution in UAE Dubai's law on free zones, special development zones Kuwait labor sector requires restructuring Zain Saudi told to pay rival millions in arbitration Kuwait labor sector requires restructuring No backing off on Umrah fee, says Saudi Ministry of Haj Absent Kuwaiti employee receives salary for 10 years Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Five decades & 200 films later, Jackie Chan finally wins Oscar Emiratis in U.S. warned of rising aggression Cosmetic surgery on the rise in Oman Qatar Charity signs partnership pact with Almaha Medical Tips for coping with post-election shock Cosmetic surgery on the rise in Oman Dubai Canal sets off ripple of excitement Asserting a Muslim fashion identity Russia upholds LinkedIn ban over data protection fears No backing off on Umrah fee, says Saudi Ministry of Haj Emiratis in U.S. warned of rising aggression Dubai Canal sets off ripple of excitement Five decades & 200 films later, Jackie Chan finally wins Oscar Sting reopens Paris music hall on attack anniversary Filmmaker Michael Moore visits Trump Tower British swimmer to brave sharks in Atlantic crossing Rugby- England a step closer to top after beating Springboks Cricket- England pick up two wickets after setting India 310 for win Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article ADIB launches further 100% capital-protected equity investment 09 October, 2016 09 October 2016 Abu Dhabi - Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank (ADIB), a leading financial institution, has launched a second Shariah compliant investment structured note for the year, which is linked to a basket of blue chip companies from diversified sectors and with overweight focus on the healthcare industry. The investment note matures in 12 months and provides 100% protection at maturity to minimize investment risk. The note is currently open for subscription until October 22, 2016 with a minimum investment requirement of USD $30,000. Customers will have the option to redeem the investment after a three-month lock-in period. Daffer Luqman, Global Head of Liabilities and Wealth Management at ADIB, said: “ADIB offers a wide variety of wealth management products and solutions to suit their specific investment strategy. This investment note offers the peace-of-mind of capital protection, while looking to take advantage of the positive growth outlook for blue chip companies with a positive business outlook . The note offers investors the opportunity to invest in an equity basket of international brands including Allergan, Cerner, Merck & Co., KDDI, and Philips. Advertisement Last month, ADIB launched an investment note linked to a basket of blue chip companies from diversified sectors with a special focus on retail. As one of the UAE’s leading banks, ADIB has been developing and delivering best-in-class solutions tailored to meet the financial needs of customers through effective financial planning and asset allocation. -Ends- About ADIB ADIB is a leading bank in the UAE with more than AED 120 billion in assets. Its 931,352 customers benefit from the third largest distribution network in the UAE with 88 branches and more than 770 ATMs. The bank also offers world-class online, mobile and phone banking services, providing clients with seamless digital access to their accounts 24 hours a day. ADIB provides retail, corporate, business, private banking and wealth management solutions. The bank was established in 1997 and its shares are traded on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange (ADX).   In the UAE, the Bank has more than 2,300 employees and remains one of the leading banks in the recruitment, development and promotion of local talent in all the markets in which it operates. The bank has one of the highest Emiratisation ratios with more than 43 percent of the bank’s workforce being UAE Nationals. ADIB has presence in six strategic markets: Egypt, where it has 70 branches, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the United Kingdom, Sudan, Iraq and Qatar. Named “Best Bank in the UAE” by The Financial Times’ The Banker publication, ADIB has a rich track record of innovation, including introducing the award-winning Ghina savings account, award-winning co-branded cards with Etihad and Etisalat and a wide range of financing products. For media information, please visit www.adib.ae or contact: ADIB                                                                             Brunswick Group Radwa Shehab                                                                                Dominic Whiting Senior Corporate Communication Manager                               Mouaffak Haijar Direct: +971 2 6910169                                                                Direct: +971 2 234 4600   © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 UAE's Emaar appoints Veresh Sita as Chief Digital Officer to drive tech strategy for next era of growth 01 Nov 2016 New Independent Director Appointed to AUB Board Ahli United Bank B.S.C. has announced the appointment of Mr. David Hodgkinson, a highly experienced and qualified international banker, as an Independent Director on the Bank’s Board of Directors. 01 Nov 2016  from Action Group Former CEO Naji Skaf Joins Heidrick & Struggles as Partner In Industrial Services Practice to Expand Presence in Middle East "Naji brings with him extensive leadership and management experience in the Chemical 01 Nov 2016 CGC names new General Manager 31 Oct 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Exxon, Apple Push DJIA Higher Monday By Paul Ausick October 10, 2016 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet October 10, 2016: Markets opened higher Monday on a light news day with no economic data releases. The energy sector is leading the way as sentiment seems to be building for a cut to crude oil production. Tech sector stocks are also stronger today as investors and traders await the kick-off to the third quarter earnings season that unofficially begins Tuesday with Alcoa’s results. WTI crude oil for November delivery settled at $51.35 a barrel, up 3.1% for the day, its highest close in more than a year. December gold closed up 0.7% on the day to settle at $1,260.40, breaking a six-session losing streak. Equities were headed for a higher close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up by 049% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.46%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.72%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Monday was Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) which traded up 1.99% at $88.47. The stock’s 52-week range is $71.55 to $95.55. Trading volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 10.9 million. The energy giant welcomed the boost in crude oil prices. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) traded up 1.88% at $116.81. The stock’s 52-week range is $89.47 to $123.82. Volume was about 15% below the daily average of around 35.5 million shares. The bad news surrounding competitor Samsung’s Note 7 smartphone is good news for Apple. Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) traded up 1.57% at $63.75. The stock’s 52-week range is $47.97 to $64.86, and the high was posted early Monday morning. Volume was about 80% above the daily average of around 9.6 million shares. The drugmaker’s Keytruda lung cancer drug has bested Bristol-Myers Squibb’s Opdivo in recent clinical trials. Chevron Corp. (NYSE: CVX) traded up 1.54% at $103.84. The stock’s 52-week range is $75.33 to $107.58. Volume was about 25% below the daily average of around 6.4 million shares. The other DJIA stock to get a boost from rising crude prices Monday. Of the 30 Dow index stocks 20 are on track to close higher Monday and 10 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « IntelliPharmaCeutics Soars on Tentative FDA Approval Bristol-Myers, Staples Fall Into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Chevron Corp (NYSE:CVX), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Net Worth of American Presidents: Washington to Trump The Largest Employer in Every State The Next 14 States to Legalize Marijuana The Most Republican County in Each State Recent SEC Charges Israeli Firm With Misleading Investors About Binary Options Facebook Use Surge Ahead Of Other Social Media After the Election, 7 Major Infrastructure Winners for 2017 and Beyond Massive Icahn Trades Highlight Huge Insider Buying: Hertz Global, Herbalife, CBRE, Seattle Genetics and More Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How Donald Trump Could Affect Your Personal Finances 4 Tax Moves You Can Make Today to Avoid an Audit Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Donald Trump phoned Mitt Romney, who Trump often criticized, after election win: NBC TLT declines 7.4% over the past week The iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF suffers worst weekly loss ever Southcross (SXE): Moving Average Crossover Alert NetApp (NTAP) to Post Q2 Earnings: What's in the Cards? Top Ranked Momentum Stocks to Buy for November 11 th A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively How Donald Trump Could Affect Your Personal Finances 4 Tax Moves You Can Make Today to Avoid an Audit Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Trump's Dismantling Of Dodd-Frank May Be In The Works Trump Kids To Run Business While On Transition Team Fusion Staff Votes Overwhelmingly To Unionize Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money How to Invest in Trump World DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Midday Report: Stocks Fueled by Oil Gains; Mylan Settles With U.S. Government U.S. stocks rose Monday as Wall Street looked past Sunday night's bitter presidential debate, focusing instead on oil's 3% rally and the looming start of earnings season. Scott Gamm Oct 10, 2016 12:18 PM EDT U.S. stocks rose Monday as Wall Street looked past Sunday night's bitter presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, focusing instead on oil's 3% rally and the looming start of earnings season. Oil prices in the U.S. rose on hopes OPEC will agree to a production cut at its meeting in November. The cartel's goal is to reduce output to a range between 32.50 million barrels per day to 33 million bpd. Merck (MRK) shares rose 1.8% following successful outcomes in Phase II/III trials of its lung cancer drug Keytruda. Bristol-Myers (BMY) , which saw its shares fall almost 9%, is developing a similar drug called Opdivo.  In August, the company reported negative late-stage trial results for Opdivo when compared with chemotherapy. Mylan (MYL) shares rose 9% after reaching a $465 million settlement with the U.S. government amid claims the drugmaker overcharged Medicaid for its EpiPen product. If you liked this article you might like Global Week Ahead: Eurozone GDP and Banker Pow-Wow Deutsche Bank CEO Cryan will take center stage at a Frankfurt conference. Laura Board Nov 13, 2016 4:00 PM EST 'Mad Money' Lightning Round: Target, Amazon, Tesla Jim Cramer says take a pass on TGT and the dollar stores; look at AMZN instead. Scott Rutt Nov 11, 2016 6:00 AM EST Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: Ahead of Veterans Day, Cautious Optimism for Growth Jim Cramer honors veterans and those willing to invest in a brighter future for America. Scott Rutt Nov 10, 2016 8:55 PM EST Dow, Lifted by Financials, Finishes at Record High; Nasdaq Slips Wall Street runs at two speeds as a rally in financials sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average to close at records, while a selloff in tech sank the Nasdaq. Keris Alison Lahiff Nov 10, 2016 4:05 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending Moving to Canada After Trump's Election? Here's Your Real Estate Guide to the Great White North Apple's iPhone 8 Just Keeps Looking Better and Better With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy Pundits Just Don't Get It: Here Is the Real Reason Why Trump Won Higher Ed Advocates Alarmed by Trump's Department of Education Shutdown Talk Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Go Monday 14 November 2016 News Nigeria Africa World Metro US Election 2016 Police arrest man for allegedly blackmailing victims with nude pictures 25 mins ago  Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Corruption: The war rages 50 mins ago  Columnists Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money We’re following due process with group life insurance, says Adelakun 1 hour ago  Interview Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Facilitating the duplicity of smart technologies and innovation in Africa 37 mins ago  Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Island Club’s sports week begins today 2 hours ago   Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Mark Angel Comedy, 2 other Nigerians win SSA YouTube Awards 1 day ago  Film Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Suntory Beverage berths in Nigeria, takes over Lucozade, Ribena brands 31 mins ago  Media More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Business  |  Business News   Apple, Mylan, oil shares lead US stocks up By AFP   |   10 October 2016   |   3:30 pm Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email (FILES) This file photo taken on September 17, 2012 shows the Apple logo on the Apple store on 5th Avenue in New York. Wall Street stocks jumped early October 10, 2016 with Apple gaining on news of more trouble with rival smartphone-maker Samsung and petroleum-linked shares advancing on higher oil prices. Apple rose 1.6 percent as Samsung Electronics acknowledged it was adjusting production of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone due to reports that replacement units for devices with exploding lithium-ion batteries are also catching fire. / AFP PHOTO / DON EMMERTWall Street stocks jumped early Monday with Apple gaining on news of more trouble with rival smartphone-maker Samsung and petroleum-linked shares advancing on higher oil prices. Apple rose 1.6 percent as Samsung Electronics acknowledged it was adjusting production of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone due to reports that replacement units for devices with exploding lithium-ion batteries are also catching fire. Dow members ExxonMobil and Chevron both picked up more than one percent as US oil prices climbed above $50 a barrel. About 35 minutes into trade, the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at 18,381,53, up 0.8 percent. The broad-based S&P 500 advanced 0.7 percent to 2,168.73 while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.9 percent to 5,338.80. Mylan soared 9.4 percent after it announced late Friday that it reached a settlement with some regulators to pay $465 million to resolve accusations that it overbilled the federal Medicaid program for the EpiPen allergy medication Twitter dived 12.7 percent following reports that several prospective acquirers of the company are no longer interested in bidding. One of the most often-mentioned names, Salesforce.com, jumped 6.1 percent; its shares had been beaten down after news surfaced that it was interested in Twitter. Dow member Merck added 1.7 percent as it released research at an oncology conference in Denmark showing a strong performance for its Keytruda treatment for lung cancer in clinical tests. Rival Bristol-Myers Squibb fell 9.1 percent after its treatment for the same condition performed “worse than expected,” said a note from Jefferies. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: AppleSamsungWall Street stocks You may also like Saudi says $60 oil 'not unthinkable' by year-end 10 Oct  Business News Nigeria’s problem is bloated governance, bureaucracy, says ICAN 10 Oct 1  Interview Chevron spends N5.6bn on scholarship 10 Oct 1  Money More   Sport Island Club’s sports week begins today 2 hours ago   United flop Depay saves Dutch blushes 1 day ago  Football Egypt take World Cup revenge over Ghana 1 day ago  Football Tennis: 'Snow' joke as angry Djokovic blasts media inquisition 1 day ago  Tennis Bolt to join training at Dortmund 1 day ago  Football England release Kane ahead of Spain friendly 1 day ago  Football Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro US Election 2016 Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2016 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 10 October 2016 | MYT 11:46 PM Apple, Mylan, oil shares lead US stocks up About 35 minutes into trade, the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at 18,381,53, up 0.8%. The AFP photo shows traders working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks jumped early Monday with Apple gaining on news of more trouble with rival smartphone-maker Samsung and petroleum-linked shares advancing on higher oil prices. Apple rose 1.6% as Samsung Electronics acknowledged it was adjusting production of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone due to reports that replacement units for devices with exploding lithium-ion batteries are also catching fire. Dow members ExxonMobil and Chevron both picked up more than one percent as US oil prices climbed above $50 a barrel. About 35 minutes into trade, the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at 18,381,53, up 0.8%. The broad-based S & P 500 advanced 0.7% to 2,168.73 while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.9% to 5,338.80. Mylan soared 9.4% after it announced late Friday that it reached a settlement with some regulators to pay US$465mil to resolve accusations that it overbilled the federal Medicaid programme for the EpiPen allergy medication. Twitter dived 12.7% following reports that several prospective acquirers of the company are no longer interested in bidding. One of the most often-mentioned names, Salesforce.com, jumped 6.1%; its shares had been beaten down after news surfaced that it was interested in Twitter. Dow member Merck added 1.7% as it released research at an oncology conference in Denmark showing a strong performance for its Keytruda treatment for lung cancer in clinical tests.  Rival Bristol-Myers Squibb fell 9.1% after its treatment for the same condition performed “worse than expected,” said a note from Jefferies. - AFP Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Stocks You May Be Interested 'Trump Thump' whacks bond market for $1 trillion loss Breakfast briefing: Monday, November 14 Toyota to settle US truck rust lawsuit for up to US$3.4b Malaysian palm oil/Vegoils: Market factors to watch Monday Nov 14 Johari: Firms must innovate to face challenges Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Massa says tearful farewell to home fans Always on the front food Funny man Harith aims to go the distance Property Related advertisement Latest News Diary Malaysia 2016 Corporate Earnings Foreign funds net sellers at RM800m in week ended Nov 11 Malaysian palm oil/Vegoils: Market factors to watch Monday Nov 14 Asia shares divided Monday, US$ on high KLCI skids early Monday, ringgit steadier on BNM caution Most Viewed in Business Ringgit jumps against US$ early Monday Bank Negara takes on currency speculators Trump's election win not good news for Malaysian chipmakers Bank Negara’s audacious move to tame offshore market Bank Negara ready to supply US$ if needed Where are you on the journey to financial freedom? KLCI skids early Monday, ringgit steadier on BNM caution Higher profile for AWC, order book hits RM1.2bil Indian banks receive US$30bil in deposits Budget 2017 brings cheer to Lafarge Malaysia advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, November 14, 2016 10:47 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Apple, Mylan, oil shares lead US stocks up Monday October 10, 2016 10:29 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Dev Patel talks about Garth Davis’ ‘Lion’ The Edit: Top movies at the box office The Edit: Son writes heartfelt note as Leonard Cohen buried in Montreal Belgium rampant, Portugal survive scare in World Cup qualifiers Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York September 27, 2016. — Reuters picNEW YORK, Oct 10 — Wall Street stocks jumped early today with Apple gaining on news of more trouble with rival smartphone-maker Samsung and petroleum-linked shares advancing on higher oil prices. Apple rose 1.6 per cent as Samsung Electronics acknowledged it was adjusting production of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone due to reports that replacement units for devices with exploding lithium-ion batteries are also catching fire. Dow members ExxonMobil and Chevron both picked up more than one per cent as US oil prices climbed above US$50 (RM200) a barrel. About 35 minutes into trade, the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at 18,381,53, up 0.8 per cent. The broad-based S&P 500 advanced 0.7 per cent to 2,168.73 while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.9 per cent to 5,338.80. Mylan soared 9.4 per cent after it announced late Friday that it reached a settlement with some regulators to pay US$465 million to resolve accusations that it overbilled the federal Medicaid programme for the EpiPen allergy medication Twitter dived 12.7 per cent following reports that several prospective acquirers of the company are no longer interested in bidding. One of the most often-mentioned names, Salesforce.com, jumped 6.1 per cent; its shares had been beaten down after news surfaced that it was interested in Twitter. Dow member Merck added 1.7 per cent as it released research at an oncology conference in Denmark showing a strong performance for its Keytruda treatment for lung cancer in clinical tests. Rival Bristol-Myers Squibb fell 9.1 per cent after its treatment for the same condition performed “worse than expected,” said a note from Jefferies. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Global stocks fall with emerging markets as traders weigh US election One less haven for investors as Trump damages Denmark’s appeal Dollar advances on Trump bets as Japanese shares buoyed by GDP Dollar on high as US yields rise, Asia shares mixed Australia should follow India and scrap big bank notes, UBS says Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Stocks, dollar, Mexico peso jump after FBI clears Clinton Popularity becomes curse for Malaysia, Indonesia currencies US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Two killed as powerful earthquake hits New Zealand Reuters Video: Trump picks Priebus as White House chief of staff Reuters Video: Supermoon rises in Spain Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Duchess meets movie-star cat, animals go wild Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Related Articles Pollsters who predicted Trump win benefit from industry’s miss Wall Street elite stunned at Trump triumph (VIDEO) Trump’s Wall Street fans cheer as markets churn (VIDEO) Investors see no let up to market bloodbath if Trump wins presidency Trump’s chance of victory skyrockets in betting exchanges, online market Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 49° Share Asian stocks mostly up amid reports on Samsung, oil supply By Marley Jay / Associated Press Published: Monday, October 10th, 2016 at 8:39am Updated: Monday, October 10th, 2016 at 8:50pm In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........TOKYO — Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday, while South Korea’s benchmark fell following reports of fresh problems with Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 phone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.2 percent to 17,046.16. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. South Korea’s Kospi slipped 0.9 percent to 2,039.04. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added nearly 0.2 percent to 5,484.60. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was flat at 23,849.01, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.3 percent to 3,057.02. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed. SAMSUNG WOES: Shares in Samsung Electronics fell 5.4 percent after the company said it was sales of its Note 7 smartphones. It advised customers to turn off their devices or replace them. Samsung issued a worldwide recall of the Note 7, a huge phone-bordering-on-tablet with a powerful battery, in late September after the devices were found to have a tendency to catch fire. South Korean officials said Tuesday that replacement devices have also overheated or caught fire. WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. OIL AND RUSSIA: Oil prices fell slightly after spiking to their highest level in a year after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia, which is not a member of OPEC, supports a preliminary agreement by OPEC nations to cut oil output. Advertisement Continue reading THE QUOTE: “It was Russia to the rescue last night, as Vladimir Putin said Russia was ready to join with OPEC in creating a deal to curb production and pump up prices. At the same Energy Congress in Istanbul, the ever outspoken Algerian Energy Minister called on other non-OPEC producers to join them,” Jeff Halley, a senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a commentary. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 11 cents to $51.24. It added $1.54 to $51.35 a barrel in New York on Monday, its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 7 cents to $53.07 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 103.94 yen from 102.96 yen late Monday in Asia. The euro fell to $ 1.1128 from $1.1192. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe Most Recent Biz News Suggested Stories: Asian stocks uneven as Fed rate decision looms – Jun 14, 2016 Report: Samsung to recall phones after explosion claims – Sep 1, 2016 Samsung stops making Galaxy Note 7s as fresh problems emerge – Oct 11, 2016 Global markets hold up in face of Samsung woes – Oct 11, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Asian stocks mostly up amid reports on Samsung, oil supply By Associated Press Published: 22:49 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 22:49 EST, 10 October 2016 e-mail TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday, while South Korea's benchmark fell following reports of fresh problems with Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.2 percent to 17,046.16. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. South Korea's Kospi slipped 0.9 percent to 2,039.04. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added nearly 0.2 percent to 5,484.60. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was flat at 23,849.01, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.3 percent to 3,057.02. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed. SAMSUNG WOES: Shares in Samsung Electronics fell 5.4 percent after the company said it was sales of its Note 7 smartphones. It advised customers to turn off their devices or replace them. Samsung issued a worldwide recall of the Note 7, a huge phone-bordering-on-tablet with a powerful battery, in late September after the devices were found to have a tendency to catch fire. South Korean officials said Tuesday that replacement devices have also overheated or caught fire. In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsung¿s Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. OIL AND RUSSIA: Oil prices fell slightly after spiking to their highest level in a year after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia, which is not a member of OPEC, supports a preliminary agreement by OPEC nations to cut oil output. THE QUOTE: "It was Russia to the rescue last night, as Vladimir Putin said Russia was ready to join with OPEC in creating a deal to curb production and pump up prices. At the same Energy Congress in Istanbul, the ever outspoken Algerian Energy Minister called on other non-OPEC producers to join them," Jeff Halley, a senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a commentary. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 11 cents to $51.24. It added $1.54 to $51.35 a barrel in New York on Monday, its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 7 cents to $53.07 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 103.94 yen from 102.96 yen late Monday in Asia. The euro fell to $ 1.1128 from $1.1192. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Global markets hold up in face of Samsung woes Global markets hold up in face of Samsung woes Oct 10, 2016 The Associated Press   LONDON – Global shares held up Tuesday despite concerns over South Korea’s Samsung Electronics which saw its share price slide after the company said it is discontinuing production of Galaxy Note 7 smartphones permanently because of overheating handsets. KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, France’s CAC 40 rose 0.3 per cent to 10,650 while Germany’s DAX rose 0.3 per cent to 10,650. Britain’s FTSE 100 rose 0.2 per cent to 7,109 following its earlier record high of 7,129.83. U.S. stocks were poised for losses at the open with Dow futures and the broader S&P 500 futures down 0.3 per cent. FTSE RECORD: The index struck a record high amid hopes that many of its constituent companies will benefit from the pound’s slide in currency markets. At first glance, the opposing moves may appear perverse. However, there is an underlying logic to the moves and it’s to do with the fact that the drop in the pound, while a drag on consumers’ and businesses’ spending abroad, is potentially good for those British firms that already have big business interests outside the U.K. On Tuesday, the pound fell a further 0.6 per cent to $1.2387. ANALYST TAKE: “U.K. investors will once again be cheering the impact of a falling pound, as the drop in sterling once again works its magic on the FTSE 100,” said Chris Beauchamp, chief market analyst at IG. SAMSUNG WOES: Shares in Samsung Electronics fell 8 per cent after the company said it was halting sales of its Note 7 smartphones. It advised customers to turn off their devices or replace them with different devices. Samsung issued a worldwide recall of the Note 7, a huge phone-bordering-on-tablet with a powerful battery, after finding the devices have a tendency to catch fire. South Korean officials said Tuesday that replacement devices have also overheated or caught fire. Unsurprisingly, Samsung’s problems were a huge weight on South Korea’s Kospi, which ended the session down 1.2 per cent at 2,031.93. OIL AND RUSSIA: Oil prices were mixed after spiking to their highest level in a year after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia, which is not a member of OPEC, supports a preliminary agreement by OPEC nations to cut oil output. Benchmark New York crude was down 48 cents at $50.87 a barrel while Brent, the international standard, fell 32 cents to $52.82 a barrel. ASIA’S DAY: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.0 per cent to finish at 17,024.76. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added 0.1 per cent to 5,479.80. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dropped 1.4 per cent to 23,523.21, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.6 per cent to 3,065.25. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed. CURRENCIES: The dollar remained in the ascendancy amid expectations of a rate hike from the Federal Reserve later this year. The euro was down 0.5 per cent at $1.1085 while the dollar was up 0.1 per cent at 103.72 yen. shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Comments are closed. Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 45-57 We set you thinking Saturday 12 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Taliban suicide bomber kills four at NATO base in Afghanistan 1478949518 Business Kenneth Cole to shut down almost all brick-and-mortar stores in US 1478937060 Business December Fed hike still on the cards 1478950279 China&India India finmin says taking time to reset ATMs for new bank notes 1478945400 World Ex-U.S. ambassador to Moscow says banned from entering Russia 1478948063 Business Should you become an angel investor? 1478948771 Daily Focus Can mistake that ruined majestic Kashmir lake be fixed? 1478948486 Business China says concerned about EU protectionism on steel imports 1478946726 World Afghan parliament sacks three ministers including that of foreign affairs 1478946595 China&India Anger rising in India as banks slow to dispense cash to millions 1478942153 World Vietnam destroys huge pile of seized ivory, rhino horns 1478947279 World ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests 1478946977 World Pakatan Harapan embraces Dr M’s party 1478944560 World Pressure on South Korea's Park mounts as massive crowd demands she quit 1478944760 Lifestyle Diana Ser: Here’s how to ruin your painstakingly plotted family vacation 1478858772 World Russia says will need U.N. guarantee for new Aleppo humanitarian pauses 1478941877 World Vanilla and spice next to bloom in Dutch greenhouses 1478941880 World Mass rally kicks off in Seoul calling for Park’s ouster 1478941581 Singapore Family-friendly YouTube Kids app launched in Singapore 1478939160 China&India Moving to Shanghai? Mind the housing 1478894460 Business Audi, SAIC Motor sign deal to weigh jointly making Audi cars in China: source 1478940163 Lifestyle Get live lobsters at Brittany-inspired surf and turf eatery 1478894460 Lifestyle Vive La France 1478865360 Lifestyle Learning the art of people-watching in Singapore 1478868360 Lifestyle Food review: Otto’s Deli Fresh is a gem 1478873160 Lifestyle Say ‘oui’ to French cheese 1478874360 Lifestyle Weekend Guide: (Nov 12 to 13) 1478886360 Lifestyle Dining Guide: Where to get your tasty treats (Nov 12 to 13) 1478854560 Tech Three top smartphone cameras in real-world tests: Which is the best? 1478900160 Tech Zuckerberg among Facebook users mistakenly declared ‘dead’ 1478932875 World Trump ignorant of Europe, poses risk to relations: EU's Juncker 1478902932 Singapore The Big Read: $64m question for Singapore — Will Trump double down on campaign vows? 1478886960 World Woman set on fire in Japan restaurant: Reports 1478930170 World Shelter lends helping paw to animal victims of Syrian war 1478853360 Singapore Police probe alleged student bullying after video of attack goes viral 1478874000 Singapore Faulty hardware on single train identified as cause of CCL issues 1478878800 China&India Smog lifts, but companies' view of polluted Delhi skies is dim 1478856480 China&India Japan to supply India with nuclear power equipment, technology 1478875200 World Obama, Trump break the ice with ‘excellent’ White House meeting 1478894460 China&India China corruption fugitive returns from New Zealand: Xinhua 1478916240 Business Alibaba posts record Singles' Day sales, but growth slows 1478922475 Singapore Lim Chu Kang Road turns into makeshift runway for fighter jets 1478862060 World Peru prosecutors say can convict ex-president of money laundering 1478922095 Sports Local MMA fighters do Singapore proud at ONE: Defending Honor 1478921820 Lifestyle Ticks & crosses: Volvo's V40 Cross Country T4 1478894460 Sports National Stadium pitch to get yet another makeover 1478885760 Sports Community engagement key in Sports Hub’s efforts to entice S’poreans 1478887680 World Venezuela government and opposition talk, expectations low 1478918477 Business Consumer drone business stumbles, but commercial markets beckon 1478917497 Business U.S. banks' post-election rally may be just an appetizer 1478913656 Business Wall Street gains with energy shares; Apple up on Samsung woes Traders work on the floor of the NYSE. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 8:15 PM, October 10, 2016 Updated: 6:25 AM, October 11, 2016 U.S. stocks rose on Monday as energy shares gained with oil prices and as Apple jumped due to rival Samsung Electronics' worsening smartphone recall crisis. Aiding the advance, polls showed Democrat Hillary Clinton's lead widening in the U.S. presidential race following further turmoil in Republican Donald Trump's campaign over the weekend and a late Sunday debate between the candidates. Clinton is viewed as more positive for stocks partly because her positions are well known, Wall Street strategists have said. Apple's stock jumped 1.7 percent to $116.05 and hit a high not seen since December after Samsung Electronics Co Ltd suspended production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports of fires in replacement devices. "Samsung's woes being Apple's gains helped with that stock a lot," said Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia. "The (presidential) debate further set in stone the idea that Hillary Clinton is the likely winner and that you get the market you know rather than the market you don't know." Oil prices rose, lifting energy shares, after Russia said it was ready to join OPEC in curbing crude output and Algeria's oil minister said he expected similar commitments from other non-OPEC producers. The Dow Jones industrial average was up 88.55 points, or 0.49 percent, to 18,329.04, the S&P 500 gained 9.92 points, or 0.46 percent, to 2,163.66 and the Nasdaq Composite added 36.27 points, or 0.69 percent, to 5,328.67. The energy index was up 1.5 percent. Exxon and Chevron were among the top influences on the S&P and the Dow, along with Apple. An NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll on Monday showed Clinton increasing the recent lead she has held over Trump. Mylan rose 8.2 percent to $38.87 after the drugmaker late on Friday said it would pay $465 million to settle questions over whether it underpaid U.S. government healthcare programs by misclassifying its EpiPen emergency allergy treatment. Twitter Inc shares ended down 11.5 percent but pared losses late after a Reuters report, citing people familiar with the matter, that Salesforce.com Inc is still deliberating whether it should make an offer for Twitter. This week marks the start of the roughly month-long corporate earnings season, which could help determine investors' moods going into the Nov. 8 vote. Some investors hope that the period will mark an end to the year-long U.S. profit recession. Results from Alcoa are due Tuesday after the close. Trading was light because of the U.S. Columbus Day holiday. The bond market was closed. About 5.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.9 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.56-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.36-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 27 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 133 new highs and 35 new lows. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 With dollars scarce, Egypt's newly floated pound weakens Why people stay in jobs they hate Whole Foods shareholder pushing for changes, sale of company: Bloomberg While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What next for Singapore’s private housing market? What are the differences leading a start-up vs an MNC? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World Taliban suicide bomber kills four at NATO base in Afghanistan Ex-U.S. ambassador to Moscow says banned from entering Russia Vietnam destroys huge pile of seized ivory, rhino horns ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests Afghan parliament sacks three ministers including that of foreign affairs Business December Fed hike still on the cards Should you become an angel investor? China says concerned about EU protectionism on steel imports Audi, SAIC Motor sign deal to weigh jointly making Audi cars in China: source Kenneth Cole to shut down almost all brick-and-mortar stores in US Sports Local MMA fighters do Singapore proud at ONE: Defending Honor S’pore’s junior shuttlers edged out at world meet Wenger says fielding injured Sanchez would be a suicidal move Goal-shy Lions hope to find scoring boots in time for Suzuki Cup Community engagement key in Sports Hub’s efforts to entice S’poreans Entertainment ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests New NLB free app offers unlimited downloads for selected titles The cheat sheet to French films Leonard Cohen, writer of 'Hallelujah', dead at age 82 Dai Xiang Yu to marry actress Chen Zihan in Spain next month About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE � Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad App for Windows 8 The official Gulf News app for Microsoft's latest OS Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing App for Blackberry 10 Gulf News tailored for your Blackberry App for Windows 8 Tablet A native Gulf News tablet app for Windows 8 SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? SHARES HEALTH November 14, 2016 | Last updated 8 minutes ago 24KGold-- usd---- 10Events innext 7 days   Hot Topics: US Elections 2016 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2016 UAE Courts4 Crime3 Weather Society13 Health2 Health Matters In Mind top stories in Health Shaikh Hamdan medical award winners announced ‘Kids and Diabetes’ drive launched in 18 schools Pink Caravan breast cancer ride in March Transport1 Emergencies3 More18 Culture5 Education Environment5 Government10 Leisure2 Media Property1 Tourism3 top stories in More Meet the best street cleaners in UAE Shaikh Hamdan medical award winners announced UAE energy plan to make Earth greener Courts & Crime Education Life & Style News Pictures Sport News UAE33 Courts4 Crime3 Education Emergencies3 Environment5 Government10 Health2 Culture5 Property1 Leisure2 Media Society13 Tourism3 Transport1 Weather More18 General top stories in UAE Meet the best street cleaners in UAE Shaikh Hamdan medical award winners announced UAE energy plan to make Earth greener Gulf4 Bahrain1 Kuwait1 Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia1 Yemen1 top stories in Gulf Britain to boost Gulf defences Protests erupt in Sana’a over unpaid salaries Moderate voter turnout expected in Kuwait polls Mena12 Algeria Djibouti Egypt Eritrea Iran Iraq3 Jordan Lebanon Libya Mauritania Morocco4 Palestine Somalia South Sudan Sudan Syria4 Tunisia Turkey top stories in Mena Morocco seed vault can replenish crisis-hit land 6 things to know about Cop 22 Iraq military says Nimrud recaptured Europe7 UK1 Germany France3 Italy Spain Netherlands Switzerland Russia Other3 top stories in Europe Going it alone not an option for US, Europe British, French ministers snub EU talks on Trump Sarkozy courts ‘silent majority’ Africa South Africa Nigeria Kenya Other top stories in Africa Nigeria ‘demolitions leave thousands homeless’ Pressure on Park mounts amid demands to quit Africa wonders on Trump’s foreign policy Asia17 Afghanistan Australia1 India7 Pakistan3 Philippines1 Sri Lanka Bangladesh China Japan North Korea South Korea Nepal1 Other top stories in Asia Beggars earn respect as a source of loose change Modi seeks 50 days to weed out black money Chinese ship opens new trade route Americas8 USA6 Canada Mexico1 Brazil Argentina Other top stories in Americas Zuckerberg vows more action to tackle fake news Colombia, rebels agree revised peace deal Authorities rescue boy swept away in Pacoima Offbeat Courts & Crime Education Life & Style News Pictures Sport Business Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Julphar launches Type 2 diabetes medication Two medications prescribed for managing Type 2 diabetes launched by Julphar Published: 15:23 October 10, 2016 WAM   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Ras Al Khaimah: The UAE-based pharmaceutical manufacturer Julphar (Gulf Pharmaceutical Industries), announced that it is launching two medications, Xelevia and Velmetia, for the management of Type 2 diabetes. The announcement was made during a conference at the InterContinental Dubai Festival City. The launch is part of Julphar’s licence, supply and co-marketing agreement signed in April 2014 with the global pharmaceutical leader, Merck Sharp and Dohme. Speaking on the occasion, Dr Hussam Badr, marketing director at Julphar, said, “The launch of Xelevia and Velmetia is part of our continuing mission to develop Julphar diabetes portfolio, to support the health-care community in the region.” More from Health Shaikh Hamdan medical award winners announced ‘Kids and Diabetes’ drive launched in 18 schools Pink Caravan breast cancer ride in March ‘Herbal’ henna causes extreme allergy Walkathon unites community against diabetes Shilpa Shetty seeks to rewrite the diet rules In which careers do Emirati women excel? ‘Drug-laden’ candy not registered in Dubai: DM tags from this storyDubai follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsNewsUAEHealth tagsDubai follow this tag on MGN+ MGNgulf pharmaceutical industries Also In HealthShaikh Hamdan medical award winners announced News Gallery Glimpses of an ancient oasis New Yasser Arafat museum opens News Videos PlayDubai Canal opens with fireworks US expatriates in Dubai on Trump's victory Follow us Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01‘Herbal’ henna causes extreme allergy 02Hospital warned after man is left disabled 03Pink Caravan breast cancer ride in March Play Dubai Canal opens with fireworks Nov 09, 2016 Play US expatriates in Dubai on Trump's victory Nov 09, 2016 Play Prince Charles tours Humanitarian City in Dubai Nov 08, 2016 Play Watch: Stunning drone footage of Dubai Canal Nov 03, 2016 9Images People panic after Modi scrap Rs 500, 1000 notes Nov 08, 2016 9Images Glimpses of an ancient oasis Nov 11, 2016 10Images Gallery: Dubai's new 3.2km waterway Nov 09, 2016 21Images New Yasser Arafat museum opens Nov 10, 2016 Latest User Comments Bijoy Koodhathinkal wrote: Seems like the UAE will supply Hyperloop technology and know-hows to theworld within 5 years, simi... In Response To:Watch: Hyperloop One to reveal Dubai project george1810in wrote: Good job Shafaat. This is a major concern for all tenants in AKG and we've been raising this concern... In Response To:Parking woes irk Al Khail Gate residents contentsalive wrote: How it comes that Eid in Gulf and other eastern countries differ fromthe ones in sub continent cou... In Response To:September 12 is first day of Eid Al Adha Agenda Today Designing 007: Fifty Years of Bond StyleBurj Khalifa Today World Diabetes Day Today HR Summit and Expo 2016 Dubai World Trade Centre 15 Nov Designing 007: Fifty Years of Bond StyleBurj Khalifa 15 Nov Social Media Week IndependentAl Serkal Avenue 15 Nov HR Summit and Expo 2016 Dubai World Trade Centre 16 Nov Designing 007: Fifty Years of Bond StyleBurj Khalifa 16 Nov International Day for Tolerance 16 Nov Social Media Week IndependentAl Serkal Avenue 16 Nov HR Summit and Expo 2016 Dubai World Trade Centre 17 Nov Designing 007: Fifty Years of Bond StyleBurj Khalifa 17 Nov World Prematurity Day Most Popular on Gulf News Why expats risk fines to live in bed spaces Affordable housing under review in Dubai Emiratis in US warned of rising harrasment New Rs500, Rs2,000 notes not in UAE Crown Prince posts video of Dubai Canal Mirdif residents decry chiller charges Should UAE expats brace for weak dollar? Brother of Saudi Arabia's king dies Trump likely to end aid for Syrian rebels Close Recommended For You Case study: Living with diabetesPUBLISHED ON Nov 14, 2016 A Dunn deal in Abu DhabiPUBLISHED ON Nov 13, 2016 Passengers can now get UAE visa using appPUBLISHED ON Nov 13, 2016 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Early movers: MYL, DB, VIA, CBS, TWTR, MRK, BABA, UTX, MCD & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack Monday, 10 Oct 2016 | 7:51 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Brendan McDermid | Reuters Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City. Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Mylan — The drugmaker agreed to pay $465 million to settle charges that it overcharged the government for its EpiPen products. Mylan had been accused of incorrectly classifying EpiPen as a generic instead of a branded product. Deutsche Bank — Deutsche Bank were under pressure early in the European session on the lack of expected settlement deal with the Justice Department over its sales of mortgage-backed securities, but subsequently erased its losses and went positive. Viacom, CBS — The two companies may be closer to recombining, with The Wall Street Journal reporting that both have hired advisers to explore a potential merger. Twitter — Shares are under pressure once again on reports that potential suitors are now unlikely to make a bid for Twitter, with the latest coming from a Bloomberg story over the weekend. Twilio — Twilio filed for a follow-on offering, with most of the shares expected to be sold by existing stockholders. The cloud computing company will not receive any proceeds from those share sales, although it will also sell an undetermined number of shares on its own. Calpine — The power generation company is buying the North American energy distribution unit of Singapore commodities trader Noble Group for $1.05 billion. Facebook — Facebook's U.K. subsidiary generated an 11 million pound (about $14 million) tax credit in 2015, even as its revenue jumped, according to numbers released this weekend. Facebook did say it paid all taxes required under U.K. law. Tesla — The automaker will not have to raise new funds during the fourth quarter to fund its acquisition of SolarCity, according to Elon Musk, who is chairman of both companies. That's the opposite of what was said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission last week. Musk also said Tesla would "probably" not have to raise funds in the first quarter of 2017. Novartis — The drugmaker reported upbeat results in a study that combined an experimental drug with an older treatment to combat breast cancer. The study found that the combined treatment kept the disease in check for a good deal longer than current treatment regimens. Alibaba — The China-based online retailer has formed a partnership with Hollywood director Steven Spielberg's Amblin Partners that will help the Spielberg company distribute movies in China. Merck — Merck reported longer survival rates in a study that treated advanced lung cancer patients with its immune system-boosting drug Keytruda, compared to conventional chemotherapy. Dow Chemical — UBS upgraded Dow to "buy" from "neutral," saying the proposed merger with DuPont could gain regulatory approval and that the stock is now "too cheap to ignore." United Technologies — Citi downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "buy," saying consensus forecasts are too high given a number of underlying issues that will crimp earnings. McDonald's — Telsey Advisory Group resumed coverage on the restaurant chain's shares with an "outperform" rating, praising the "operational metamorphosis" implemented by CEO Steve Easterbrook since he came on board nearly two years ago. Netflix — Deutsche Bank initiated coverage on the video streaming service with a "sell" rating, saying market expectations through 2020 appear to be too high. The firm is positive on the business but said risk/reward is unattractive and that Netflix is unlikely to be the target of a potential buyer. —By CNBC's Peter Schacknow Questions? Comments? Email us at marketinsider@cnbc.com Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change NFLX --- MYL --- CBS --- TWTR --- VIAB --- FB --- CPN --- TWLO --- NOVN --- DD --- BABA --- SCTY --- TSLA --- DOW --- MRK --- UTX --- MCD --- DBK --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall Street gains with energy shares; Apple up on Samsung woes News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall Street gains with energy shares; Apple up on Samsung woes U.S. stocks rose on Monday as energy shares gained with oil prices and as Apple jumped due to rival Samsung Electronics' worsening smartphone recall crisis. Posted 10 Oct 2016 19:50 Updated 11 Oct 2016 05:25 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as the market closes in New York, U.S., October 3, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: U.S. stocks rose on Monday as energy shares gained with oil prices and as Apple jumped due to rival Samsung Electronics' worsening smartphone recall crisis. Aiding the advance, polls showed Democrat Hillary Clinton's lead widening in the U.S. presidential race following further turmoil in Republican Donald Trump's campaign over the weekend and a late Sunday debate between the candidates. Clinton is viewed as more positive for stocks partly because her positions are well known, Wall Street strategists have said. Apple's stock jumped 1.7 percent to US$116.05 and hit a high not seen since December after Samsung Electronics Co Ltd suspended production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports of fires in replacement devices. "Samsung's woes being Apple's gains helped with that stock a lot," said Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia. "The (presidential) debate further set in stone the idea that Hillary Clinton is the likely winner and that you get the market you know rather than the market you don't know." Oil prices rose, lifting energy shares, after Russia said it was ready to join OPEC in curbing crude output and Algeria's oil minister said he expected similar commitments from other non-OPEC producers. The Dow Jones industrial average was up 88.55 points, or 0.49 percent, to 18,329.04, the S&P 500 gained 9.92 points, or 0.46 percent, to 2,163.66 and the Nasdaq Composite added 36.27 points, or 0.69 percent, to 5,328.67. The energy index was up 1.5 percent. Exxon and Chevron were among the top influences on the S&P and the Dow, along with Apple. An NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll on Monday showed Clinton increasing the recent lead she has held over Trump. Mylan rose 8.2 percent to US$38.87 after the drugmaker late on Friday said it would pay US$465 million to settle questions over whether it underpaid U.S. government healthcare programs by misclassifying its EpiPen emergency allergy treatment. Twitter Inc shares ended down 11.5 percent but pared losses late after a Reuters report, citing people familiar with the matter, that Salesforce.com Inc is still deliberating whether it should make an offer for Twitter. This week marks the start of the roughly month-long corporate earnings season, which could help determine investors' moods going into the Nov. 8 vote. Some investors hope that the period will mark an end to the year-long U.S. profit recession. Results from Alcoa are due Tuesday after the close. Trading was light because of the U.S. Columbus Day holiday. The bond market was closed. About 5.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.9 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.56-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.36-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 27 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 133 new highs and 35 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Nick Zieminski) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Obituaries Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Think Tank Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business Insider Transactions Updated: October 10, 2016 — 3:01 AM EDT Facebook icon 0Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Villanova student says she was assaulted by white men yelling, 'Trump!' Nov 12 - 6:27 PM 6 hurt in 'flash mob' attack in Center City, including off-duty cop 12:15 PM Securities trades recently reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission by officers, directors, and principal shareholders of corporations based or having sizable employment in the Philadelphia area. Titles are as reported to the SEC. Aqua America Inc. Richard H. Glanton, director, sold 4,650 shares at $31.20 on Sept. 27, and now directly holds 4,583 shares. Bancorp Inc. Walter T. Beach, director, bought 180,000 shares at $6.52 on Oct. 4, and now directly holds 606,662 shares. Daniel Gideon Cohen, director, bought 440,000 shares at $6.52 on Oct. 4, and now directly and indirectly holds 922,516 shares. Paul Frenkiel, chief financial officer, bought 10,000 shares at $6.52 on Oct. 4, and now directly holds 25,222 shares. Damian Kozlowski, chief executive officer, bought 50,000 shares at $6.52 on Oct. 4, and now directly holds 359,790 shares. Jeremy L. Kuiper, officer, bought 10,000 shares at $6.52 on Oct. 4, and now directly holds 141,687 shares. James J. McEntee III, director, bought 100,000 shares at $6.52 on Oct. 4, and now directly holds 205,084 shares. Donald F. McGraw Jr., officer, bought 10,000 shares at 6.52 on Oct. 4, and now directly holds 45,833 shares. CDI Corp. Albert E. Smith, director, bought 8,000 shares at $5.40 on Sept. 27, and now directly holds 69,272 shares. Campbell Soup Co. Edward Carolan, officer, sold 2,400 shares at $54.35 on Oct. 3, and now directly holds 43,030 shares. Chesapeake Utilities Corp. John R. Schimkaitis, board chairman, sold 500 shares at $62.62 on Sept. 26, and now directly holds 145,604 shares. Coherus Biosciences Inc. Alan C. Herman, Ph.D., officer, sold 11,333 shares at $25.47 to $26.26 on Oct. 3, and now directly holds 458,614 shares. Jean Frederic Viret, chief financial officer, sold 3,900 shares at $29.88 on Sept. 26, and now directly holds 2,325 shares. Kulicke & Soffa Industries Inc. Brian R. Bachman, director, sold 780 shares at $12.91 on Oct. 3, and now directly holds 32,341 shares. Merck & Co Inc. Mirian M. Graddick-Weir, officer, sold 40,800 shares at $62.07 on Oct. 3, and now directly holds 88,173 shares. Orasure Technologies Inc. Douglas A. Michels, chief executive officer, sold 25,000 shares at $8.22 on Sept. 26, and now directly holds 756,898 shares. Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. Ralph Izzo, chief executive officer, sold 25,993 shares at $41.36 on Oct. 3, and now directly holds 701,353 shares. TE Connectivity Ltd. Thomas J. Lynch, chief executive officer, sold 123,633 shares at $63.81 on Oct. 3, and now directly holds 384,179 shares. Vishay Precision Group Inc. Nokomis Capital LLC, beneficial owner, bought 9,595 shares at $15.89 to $15.96 on Sept. 28 to Sept. 29, and now indirectly holds 1,823,918 shares. More Coverage Insider Transactions Oct 17 - 1:08 AM Published: October 10, 2016 — 3:01 AM EDT The Philadelphia Inquirer Continue Reading More in business Commercial Real Estate › Liberty Property Trust sells K of P offices to German firm for $26.8M Energy › Former DEP chief says Sunoco Logistics, not regulators, caused pipeline delays Business › Riding SEPTA's rails, with new ways to pay Riding SEPTA's rails, with new ways to pay Bank lawyers see Trump changes soon to Dodd-Frank financial rules President-elect Trump made plain his dislike for the Dodd-Frank financial regulatory law during the campaign and now it appears his administration... New editors to lead Philly newsroom's digital advance SEPTA contract to bring pay, pension and health-care hikes High-end furniture maker opens in Center City Winners and losers under Trump: Comcast, Dodd-Frank, Big Trucking and more "He didn't make this mess" Utility commission sides with Peco customer over repeated outages Dem campaign staffer sues; says DNC didn't pay OT Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»ABLYNX AKTIE»Ablynx: ABLYNX INITIATES A PHASE III FOLLOW-UP STUDY OF ITS FIRST-IN-CLASS WHOLLY-OWNED ANTI-vWF NANOBODY, CAPLACIZUMAB, FOR THE TREATMENT OF ACQUIRED TTP ABLYNX NV 9,10  Euro +0,045 +0,50 % WKN: A0M7H2  ISIN: BE0003877942 Ticker-Symbol: 4AY  Berlin | 11.11.16 | 08:05 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheBiotechnologie AktienmarktBEL Mid 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 9,244 9,43 13.11. 10.10.2016 | 07:04 (9 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) GlobeNewswire (Europe)·Mehr Nachrichten von GlobeNewswire (Europe) Ablynx: ABLYNX INITIATES A PHASE III FOLLOW-UP STUDY OF ITS FIRST-IN-CLASS WHOLLY-OWNED ANTI-vWF NANOBODY, CAPLACIZUMAB, FOR THE TREATMENT OF ACQUIRED TTP To evaluate the long-term safety and efficacy of caplacizumab To evaluate the safety and efficacy of repeated treatment with caplacizumab To characterise the severity and long term impact of acquired TTP GHENT, Belgium, 10 October 2016 - Ablynx [Euronext Brussels: ABLX; OTC: ABYLY] today announced that the first patient with acquired thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (aTTP), who completed the Phase III HERCULES study of caplacizumab, has rolled-over into a three-year follow-up study. Acquired TTP is an acute, ultra-rare, life-threatening blood clotting disorder in which uncontrolled platelet aggregation and microclot formation cause small blood vessel occlusions throughout the body[1] (#_ftn1), resulting in thrombotic complications and widespread organ damage[2] (#_ftn2). Despite the current standard-of-care treatment of daily plasma exchange (PEX) and immunosuppression, episodes of aTTP are still associated with a mortality rate of up to 20%, with most deaths occurring within 30 days of diagnosis[3] (#_ftn3). Furthermore, patients are at risk of acute thromboembolic complications (e.g. stroke, venous thrombosis and myocardial infarction) and of recurrence of disease. In addition, some patients are refractory to therapy[4] (#_ftn4), which is associated with a very poor prognosis for survival of an acute episode of aTTP. Long term, patients are at increased risk of hypertension, major depression, and premature death. The objectives of this study are to evaluate the long-term safety and efficacy of caplacizumab and repeated use of caplacizumab, and to characterise the long term impact of aTTP. Patients will attend twice yearly visits and undergo a number of clinical, cognitive, and quality of life assessments. Safety laboratory parameters, immunogenicity of repeated treatment with caplacizumab and disease-related markers will be evaluated. Upon any recurrence of acquired TTP, standard-of-care treatment consisting of daily plasma exchange (PEX) and immunosuppression will be initiated together with open-label caplacizumab. Patients will receive an intravenous bolus injection of caplacizumab at the start of PEX treatment followed by daily subcutaneous injections for the duration of daily PEX and for 30 days thereafter. Treatment with caplacizumab may be extended in the case of persistent signs and symptoms of underlying disease (e.g. ADAMTS13 activity profile remains below 10%). The study duration is anticipated to be approximately three years from the date the last patient rolls over from the HERCULES trial. Dr Edwin Moses, CEO of Ablynx commented: "As pioneers in the treatment of acquired TTP, we are committed to making caplacizumab available for patients suffering from this severe disease for which there is currently no specifically approved drug available. The safety and efficacy of caplacizumab has been demonstrated in the Phase II study and recruitment in the recently expanded Phase III study is proceeding well ahead of schedule. We are on track to file for conditional approval of caplacizumab in early 2017 in Europe and to communicate Phase III topline results before the end of 2017. In parallel, we have started to invest in our own commercial infrastructure and key expertise to support the anticipated launch of caplacizumab in Europe and North-America." About caplacizumab Caplacizumab is a highly potent and selective bivalent anti-von Willebrand Factor (vWF) Nanobody® that received Orphan Drug Designation in the United States and Europe in 2009. Caplacizumab blocks the interaction of ultra-large vWF multimers (ULvWF) with platelets and, therefore, has an immediate effect on platelet aggregation and the ensuing formation and accumulation of the microclots that cause the severe thrombocytopenia and organ and tissue damage in aTTP. This immediate effect protects the patient from the manifestations of the disease while the underlying disease process resolves. The efficacy and safety of caplacizumab in conjunction with the standard of care (PEX) were evaluated in the Phase II TITAN study in 75 patients with aTTP. Caplacizumab was well-tolerated and the primary endpoint of reduction in time to platelet normalisation was met (p=0.005). Treatment with caplacizumab resulted in a nearly 40% reduction in time to platelet count normalisation as compared to placebo (i.e., a faster reversion of thrombocytopenia with consequent reduced use of PEX). Moreover, during treatment, caplacizumab reduced aTTP recurrences by 71% compared to placebo when administered as an adjunct to standard of care[5] (#_ftn5). Post-hoc analyses of the Phase II TITAN study data5 were performed to assess the impact of caplacizumab on a composite endpoint of major thromboembolic complications and aTTP-related mortality, as well as on refractoriness to standard treatment. The results demonstrate that a clinically meaningful lower proportion of subjects treated with caplacizumab experienced one or more major thromboembolic events, or died, as compared to placebo (11.4% versus 43.2%). In addition, fewer caplacizumab-treated patients, compared to those who received placebo, were refractory[6] (#_ftn6) to treatment (5.7% versus 21.6%; and 0% versus 10.8%, respectively depending on the definition of refractoriness4). There were two deaths in the placebo group and both those patients were refractory to treatment; no deaths were reported in the caplacizumab group. These Phase II results will serve as the basis for filing for conditional approval of caplacizumab in Europe in early 2017. The confirmatory Phase III HERCULES study is currently ongoing and will support the BLA filing in the United States. Results from this Phase III study are expected by the end of 2017. Caplacizumab has the potential to be the first therapeutic specifically approved for the treatment of acquired TTP. About aTTP aTTP is an acute, ultra-rare, life-threatening, blood clotting disorder, affecting up to 11 per million people worldwide. It has a sudden onset caused by impaired activity of the ADAMTS13 enzyme (typically <10% of that in normal plasma), leaving ULvWF molecules uncleaved (vWF is an important protein involved in the blood clotting process). These ULvWF molecules spontaneously bind to blood platelets, resulting in severe thrombocytopenia (very low platelet count) and micro-clot formation in small blood vessels throughout the body1, leading to thrombotic complications and widespread organ damage2. Up to 20% of patients die from an initial aTTP episode with most deaths occurring within 30 days of diagnosis3. In addition to the acute risks of the disease, patients experiencing an episode of aTTP may suffer long-term consequences such as cognitive deficits, depression, and arterial hypertension[7] (#_ftn7), and are at risk for recurrence. The recurrence rate ranges from 10-84%[8] (#_ftn8) and typically occur within 1-2 years[9] (#_ftn9), but recurrences have been reported up to 30 years after the initial episode[10] (#_ftn10). About Ablynx Ablynx (http://www.ablynx.com/) is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development of Nanobodies® (http://www.ablynx.com/technology-innovation/understanding-nanobodies/), proprietary therapeutic proteins based on single-domain antibody fragments, which combine the advantages of conventional antibody drugs with some of the features of small-molecule drugs. Ablynx is dedicated to creating new medicines which will make a real difference to society. Today, the Company has more than 45 proprietary and partnered programmes (http://www.ablynx.com/rd-portfolio/overview/) in development in various therapeutic areas including inflammation, haematology, immuno-oncology, oncology and respiratory disease. The Company has collaborations with multiple pharmaceutical companies including AbbVie, Boehringer Ingelheim, Eddingpharm, Genzyme, Merck & Co., Inc., Merck KGaA, Novartis, Novo Nordisk and Taisho Pharmaceuticals. The Company is headquartered in Ghent, Belgium. More information can be found on www.ablynx.com (http://www.ablynx.com). For more information, please contact Ablynx: Dr Edwin Moses CEO t:   +32 (0)9 262 00 07 m: +32 (0)473 39 50 68 e:  edwin.moses@ablynx.com (mailto:edwin.moses@ablynx.com) Marieke Vermeersch Director IR & Corporate Communications t:   +32 (0)9 262 00 82 m: +32 (0)479 49 06 03 e:  marieke.vermeersch@ablynx.com (mailto:marieke.vermeersch@ablynx.com%20) Follow us on Twitter @AblynxABLX Ablynx media/analyst relations FTI Consulting: Julia Phillips, Brett Pollard, Mo Noonan, Matthew Moss t: +44 20 3727 1000 e: ablynx@fticonsulting.com (mailto:ablynx@fticonsulting.com) [1] (#_ftnref1) Veyradier, NEJM 2016: "von Willebrand Factor - A new target for TTP treatment?" [2] (#_ftnref2) Scully et al, Br J Hem 2012; Sarode et al, J Clin Apher 2014; Chaturvedi et al, Am J Hem 2013 [3] (#_ftnref3) Benhamou, Y. et al., Haematologica 2012 [4] (#_ftnref4) Defined as: 'failure of platelet response after 7 days despite daily plasma exchange treatment' or 'absence of platelet count doubling after 4 days of standard treatment, and LDH>upper limit of normal [5] (#_ftnref5) Press release June 2014 (http://hugin.info/137912/R/1793634/617554.pdf); Manuscript (http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa1505533) in the NEJM, Feb 2016; presentation (http://www.ablynx.com/uploads/data/files/ablynx%20poster_eha_june%202016.pdf) at EHA 2016; presentation (http://www.ablynx.com/uploads/data/files/ablynx_ecth%202016%20-%20titan%20post%20hoc.pdf) at ECTH 2016 [6] (#_ftnref6) Peyvandi et al, notes to editor NEJM 2016 [7] (#_ftnref7) Deford et al, Blood 2013 [8] (#_ftnref8) Thejeel et al, American journal of hematology 2016 [9] (#_ftnref9) Kremer Hovinga et al, Blood 2010 [10] (#_ftnref10) Falter et al, Hamostaseologie 2013 pdf format of the press release (http://hugin.info/137912/R/2047686/765456.pdf) This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: Ablynx via Globenewswire © 2016 GlobeNewswire (Europe) Nachrichten zu ABLYNX NV Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Do BRIEF-Ablynx announces warrant exercise ► Artikel lesen Do Ablynx: ABLYNX ANNOUNCES WARRANT EXERCISE REGULATED INFORMATION GHENT, Belgium, 10 November 2016 - Ablynx [Euronext Brussels: ABLX; OTC: ABYLY] today announced, in conformity with Title II of the Law of 2 May 2007 and the Royal... ► Artikel lesen Mi Ablynx: ABLYNX TO PRESENT AT THE JEFFERIES LONDON HEALTHCARE CONFERENCE 2016 GHENT, Belgium, 9 November 2016 - Ablynx [Euronext Brussels: ABLX; OTC: ABYLY] today announced that its CEO, Dr Edwin Moses, will present a company update at the Annual Jefferies Healthcare... ► Artikel lesen 21.10. EuroBiotech Report: Novartis-TxCell, AbbVie rejects Ablynx, Merck KGaA and more ► Artikel lesen 21.10. BRIEF-Ablynx announces warrant exercise ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice NK collects foil from residents to make camouflage nets The Korea Herald > Business > Industry Foreign firms grapple with anti-graft law The following is the last in a series of articles featuring the impact of the landmark anti-corruption law that took effect on Sept. 28. - Ed.   Published : 2016-10-09 19:17 Updated : 2016-10-09 19:17 [THE INVESTOR] Multinational firms operating in Korea have been as puzzled as their local counterparts in preparing for what is considered to be one of the most stringent anti-graft laws in modern Korean history. The Improper Solicitation and Graft Act that went into effect on Sept. 28 limits public officials, journalists and private school teachers to giving or receiving a meal more than 30,000 won ($26.95), a gift of more than 50,000 won and a congratulatory or condolence payment of more than 100,000 won. Any type of illicit solicitation is prohibited as well. Industry sources say foreign companies have been preparing heavily for the law, drafting manuals and revising their internal codes of conduct way ahead of the enactment. “Foreign firms sought legal advice well before the Constitutional Court upheld the new law as constitutional in July,” said Lee Kwang-wook, a lawyer and partner at local law firm Yoon & Yang. These firms, according to the attorney, were in a hurry to prepare because their Korean offices are as vulnerable to the new law as their domestic counterparts. “It’s true foreign firms are under strict compliance rules from their home countries, but when it comes to their operations in South Korea, such as sales and PR activities, as well as working with government officials, they are not too different from local companies because they are basically working in a Korean business environment,” he said. According to industry insiders, the automobile, pharmaceutical and financial industries seemed likely to be most affected by the new law.  (123rf) No more lavish marketing campaigns To avoid trouble, foreign automakers are cutting down on marketing campaigns. In the past, a new car launching event was usually held at five-star hotels in Seoul, complete with media and high-profile industry figures. Sumptuous meals and expensive thank-you gifts were part of the perks. But under the new law, lavish press conferences are no longer an option. A press conference held on Sept. 29 -- a day after the anti-graft law went into effect -- by British luxury carmaker Rolls-Royce was one example of how such events might be handled in the future. Neither lunch nor gifts were offered, though the company did offer a bus ride to the venue, along with some finger food and soft drinks. Then there’s the issue of test-driving. In the past, automakers allowed reporters to drive their new cars for a few days when writing reviews. These cars were provided with a full gas tank that did not need refilling. The value of this provision, however, easily exceeds the limit stipulated in the anti-graft law. But as test-drives are a big part of marketing, carmakers are contemplating how to work around it. Mercedes-Benz, which is planning on releasing a new model later this year, said it will hold test-driving events that comply with the new law. Crackdown on pharma sector corruption The anti-graft law is also expected to deal a major blow to the pharmaceutical industry, which is notorious for rampant kickbacks offered to doctors. Just last month, former and current officials of the Korean unit of Swiss-based Novartis were indicted for paying billions of won as rebates to doctors for prescribing its products. Doctors and workers at major hospitals are now subject to the new law as they are classified as government officials if they work at a public hospital, and as faculty members if they work for university hospitals. Law violators can face up to 30 million won in fines or imprisonment of a maximum of three years. Foreign pharma firms, such as MSD Korea -- the local affiliate of US-based Merck & Co. -- and the Korean unit of UK-based GlaxoSmithKline, are educating employees to avoid any fallout. “We are communicating with the employees, along with our legal team, to help them avoid any breach of law,” a spokesperson of MSD Korea said. But the situation is not easy, pharma firms said, because some doctors are refusing to meet with their sales representatives altogether. Major university hospitals, such as Seoul National University Hospital and Korea University Hospital, have posted notices throughout their buildings warning staff about the new law. Confusion in financial sector In finance and banking sectors, firms are on a high alert due to the ambiguous clauses in the anti-graft law. “When the government entrusts funds or delegates authorities to financial institutions, both local and foreign, they become fiduciaries and are subject to the law,” said Yang Ho-seung, managing partner at Yoon & Yang law firm. But the Anti-Corruption and Civil Rights Commission -- the state entity in charge of the law -- hasn’t made an authoritative interpretation on the status of bank employees when they perform government services or deal with bureaucrats. The Korea Federation of Banks -- the association of local and foreign banks in Korea -- is waiting for the commission’s response on the issue. In the meantime, the association has asked the banks to limit their activities so that all costs stay under the figures stipulated in the new law. Foreign securities firms that also work closely with government organizations and media outlets have become extremely prudent. “Golf outings with investors and journalists have all been canceled,” according to a senior official at a foreign security firm, who declined to be named. “Brokerage firms and financial institutions acquire government approval for new financial products,” said Lee of Yoon & Yang. “But now these processes may be delayed since bankers are reluctant to contact government officials.”  By Ahn Sung-mi (sahn@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. NK collects foil from reside... 2. NK sanctions inevitable, but... 3. Korea, US meet to discuss NK... 4. Cross border investment betw... 5. Opposition parties threaten ... 6. Collective lending for home ... 7. Park, Choo to hold talks on ... 8. Korea's income tax rate high... 9. Top 3 shipyards let 3,000 wo... 10. Number of would-be job seeke... 1. Korea raises its voice 2. Comparison: How much S. Kor... 3. Park faces prosecutorial que... 4. ‘Third’ apology 5. Tycoons questioned over alle... 6. Magnitude 3.5 earthquake hi... 7. Thousands rally, march in a... 8. Seven bidders win Woori Bank... 9. Tsunami warning follows powe... 10. Hundreds of thousands gather... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Your Money Markets Personal Finance Exchange Rates All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Optimism among oil firms and carmakers lifts European shares Drugmaker Malin climbs 7% after announcing boost to management Mon, Oct 10, 2016, 20:13 Mark Paul Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany. Deutsche Bank rebounded 3.4 per cent.         European stocks rose for the first time in four days as a surge in crude propelled energy companies higher and carmakers rose on signs the region’s economy is improving. US stocks rebounded from a weekly decline, led by energy and raw-materials producers as a rally in crude bolstered optimism that the drag from weakness in the oil patch will abate. Dublin The Iseq rose just over 0.5 per cent yesterday, as European shares generally surged. Pharmaceutical company Malin was among the best performers in Dublin, closing up well over 7 per cent. The company announced in recent days that it had beefed up its senior management team with an executive from financial behemoth BlackRock. Datalex, the travel software firm, also rose on the back of optimism in the sector. At one stage in mid afternoon trading, it was up more than 3.5 per cent, but it lost some ground in late trading and finished up 1.2 per cent. Sellers in the market helped drag Fyffes down by more than 4 per cent in the afternoon, although it recovered some of this ground, finishing 2.8 per cent in the red. Ryanair finished down almost 1 per cent on a read-through from cautious analyst comments relating to its rival Easyjet. London Royal Dutch Shell climbed 2.8 per cent, while BP advanced 1.7 per cent as crude climbed. Mining firms BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto Group gained more than 2 per cent. The moves pushed the FTSE 100 Index up 0.8 per cent, erasing a slide of 0.3 per cent.UK equities have become this year’s best performers in the developed world, thanks to a tumbling pound and a recovery in commodities. Among stocks falling, EasyJet, which sank to its lowest price since 2013 on Friday, dropped another 2.3 per cent after Societe Generale recommended selling the shares. ADVERTISEMENT Housebuilders including Persimmon and Taylor Wimpey dropped more than 2.6 per cent after an analyst said Knight Frank results offer further sign of blows to the Central London property market. Barclays, Lloyds Banking Group and Royal Bank of Scotland Group slipped after Citigroup said the firms’ capital levels may get hit because of their exposure to defined benefit pension liabilities. Europe Vivendi added 1.8 per cent after Vincent Bollore’s investment company raised its stake in the French media conglomerate to more than 20 per cent. Deutsche Bank rebounded 3.4 per cent as Austrian Finance Minister Hans Joerg Schelling said that the German lender should be able to “solve the problems with the United States” and that a punishment of $10 billion would be too much. Ingenico Group slid 1.7 per cent after Barclays cut its rating of the French payments processor to equal weight, similar to hold, from overweight, citing tougher competition. New York The S&P 500 had climbed 0.7 per cent to 2,168.39 by mid-morning in New York, reversing a 0.3 per cent decline on Friday. The Dow Jones Industrial Average had added 140.26 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 18,380.75. The Nasdaq Composite Index had increased 0.9 per cent. West Texas Intermediate crude futures in New York rose 2.9 per cent toward a four-month high. Mylan surged 9.3 per cent after agreeing to pay $465 million to settle a probe over how the drugmaker charged Medicaid for its allergy shot EpiPen. Electric carmaker Tesla was up 2.85 per cent at $202.21 after chief executive Elon Musk said it would not need to raise equity or corporate debt in the fourth quarter for its planned acquisition of SolarCity, whose shares also rose. Merck rose 3.1 per cent after clinical data showed its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. Twitter dropped 6.7 per cent and was the top mover premarket after a report that potential bidders, including Salesforce.com, were said to have backed off. (Additional reporting: Bloomberg/Reuters)       Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Pound raises cost of Britain’s EU budget contribution Retail & Services Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy International Gerry Thornley: Focus returns to showdown with All Blacks Economy EU-US trade deal talks likely to be ‘frozen’ for years – commissioner Sponsored My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa Power up your company's pension plan Designed for life: Helen James on creativity and a life InSync ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Lansdowne Road deal needs correction, says union chief 21:32 Councils losing revenue due to rates assessment backlog 20:28 The big business events coming up in the week ahead 19:12 In the news: Arnotts’ bumper year and Clare crematorium 18:09 Pound raises cost of Britain’s EU budget contribution 17:27 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 How to . . . fix Apple’s iOS 10’s annoying features 2 The big business events coming up in the week ahead 3 Standard Chartered weighs private-equity investments 4 Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy 5 Irish businesses get chance to pitch to Richard Branson 6 Unlocking the blockchain enigma 7 Trump’s plans won’t damage US investment in Ireland, Noonan says 8 Panama Papers shine a light on Ireland’s SPVs 9 Planning weddings in the United Arab Emirates 10 Small talk makes a big difference to your career Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Our Columnists Dominic Coyle Will my credit rating be ruined by how brother runs joint account? Chris Johns Chris Johns: Our prosperity has much to fear from the goon squad John FitzGerald Problems of US working class not rooted in globalisation Mark Paul Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 14/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter Linvision Joins the Bright Partner Community Bright Computing - Leave a Comment Amsterdam, Netherlands - Today, Bright Computing, leading provider of high performance clustered infrastructure management software, announced that Linvision has become the latest company to join the Bright Computing partner network, to serve customers across Benelux, France and Germany. Amsterdam, Netherlands – Today, Bright Computing, leading provider of high performance clustered infrastructure management software, announced that Linvision has become the latest company to join the Bright Computing partner network, to serve customers across Benelux, France and Germany. Based in the Netherlands, Linvision HPC BV is a leader in the design, build, integration and support of High Performance Computing (HPC) systems, ranging from standalone servers to complex clusters. With over 17 years of experience, Linvision's deep understanding of the HPC market enables the company to offer customers the best technical solutions, along with in-depth knowledge and excellent client support. Founded in 1999 as a “techno starter” from the Delft University of Technology, many researchers in The Netherlands and other European countries have already experienced Linvision as a useful knowledge partner in the field of HPC. Linvision has partnered with Bright Computing to improve the way that its customers deploy and manage HPC clusters. Linvision customers are largely in the enterprise and research organisations who work within strict budgets and under the pressure of deadlines. With the use of Bright Cluster Manager, Linvision customers are able to focus on their core business, in the knowledge that their cluster is being managed in a cost-effective and efficient way. Clemens Engler, Business Development Director at Bright Computing, commented; “Linvision has a lot of experience providing HPC solutions to the enterprise market and understands the challenges that customers face when deploying and managing HPC. We look forward to collaborating with Linvision to address new business opportunities across Europe.” Karin Peeters, CEO at Linvision, added; “At Linvision, we see a high demand from organisations for state of the art HPC systems that enable projects to be carried out efficiently and cost-effectively. I’m excited that Bright and Linvision can enter this market together, to see how we can support our customers with their evolving business challenges.” For more information, visit www.brightcomputing.com ### About Bright Computing Bright Computing is the leading independent provider of cluster and cloud management software. Bright Cluster Manager™, Bright Cluster Manager for Big Data™, and Bright OpenStack™ provide a unified, hardware-agnostic approach to installing, provisioning, configuring, managing, and monitoring HPC clusters, big data clusters, and OpenStack clouds. Bright’s products are currently deployed in more than 500 data centers around the world. Bright Computing’s customer base includes global academic, governmental, financial, healthcare, manufacturing, energy, and pharmaceutical organizations such as 3M, Boeing, Chevron, Cisco, CSIRO, GWDG, MARIN, Merck, NASA, PACCAR, Roche, Saudi Aramco, Stanford University, Toyota, Van Andel and Volvo. Bright partners with Amazon, Cray, Dell, Intel, Nvidia, SGI, and other leading vendors to deliver powerful, integrated solutions for managing advanced IT infrastructure such as high performance computing clusters, big data clusters, and OpenStack-based private clouds. www.brightcomputing.com Topics covered in this article bright computing Cloud Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVI Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Fri, 28 Oct 2016 15:30:57 +0000
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Wall Street set to rise after Clinton seen winner of debate Reuters |  Oct 10, 2016 06:20 PM IST By Yashaswini Swamynathan (Reuters) - Wall Street was set to open higher on Monday after Democrat Hillary Clinton was widely seen as the winner of the second presidential debate. A Clinton presidency would be more positive for the markets because her positions are more well known than those of her Republican rival Donald Trump, according to a Reuters poll. A CNN/ORC snap poll of debate watchers found that 57 percent thought Clinton won the encounter, versus 34 percent for Trump. Oil rose more than 1 percent, approaching one-year highs, as speculators raised bets that prices would gain on the back of an agreement among OPEC producers to rein in record output levels. [O/R] "Investors will ponder the presidential debate and follow the events in the commodity markets, especially oil," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York. Wall Street slipped on Friday as the pound dropped and a weaker-than-expected U.S. payrolls number did little to dampen hopes of an interest rate hike by the end of this year. Investors are also bracing for the third-quarter earnings season, which unofficially kicks off on Tuesday when aluminum producer Alcoa reports. "The markets seem to be looking for a repeat of last quarter, with most companies exceeding Street consensus but obviously on a scaled back earnings growth," Cardillo said. Earnings of S&P 500 companies are expected to drop 0.7 percent, according to Thomson Reuters data. The dollar, which has been swinging between gains and losses for the past five trading days, was up 0.2 percent against a basket of major currencies. The pound fell again on Monday. The U.S. bond market was closed for the Columbus Day holiday. Dow e-minis were up 73 points, or 0.4 percent, with 21,135 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were up 9.5 points, or 0.44 percent, with 145,847 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 20.5 points, or 0.42 percent, on volume of 18,817 contracts. Shares of Twitter dropped 13.1 percent and were the top movers premarket after a Bloomberg report on Saturday that the social media company was unlikely to receive any bids. Mylan soared 12.24 percent in heavy premarket trading. The drugmaker on Friday said it would pay $465 million to settle questions over whether it underpaid U.S. government healthcare programs by misclassifying its EpiPen emergency allergy treatment. Electric carmaker Tesla was up 1.83 percent at $200.20 after Chief Executive Elon Musk said the company would not need to raise equity or corporate debt in the fourth quarter for its planned acquisition of SolarCity Corp, whose shares also rose. Merck rose 3.2 percent after clinical data showed its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Benami properties, gold next: PM Modi After demonetisation, benami property holders the next target: PM Modi New series of Rs 500 notes issued Sunday sees no let up in rush at ATMs; banks to be closed tomorrow Cash withdrawal limit at ATMs raised to Rs 2,500 per day More From Current Affairs Indian markets closed on Monday for public holiday Dollar on high as U.S. yields rise, Asia shares divided RBI asks banks to furnish daily data on cash withdrawals Banks get $44 billion of old-currency notes in four days India raises cap on bank cash withdrawal to ease public anger [ more ] Top Stories Day 4: Chaos on at banks, ATMs, trade collapses in small towns New emissions cheating software may lurk in Audis Govt likely to put curbs on jewellers Donald Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million immigrants ATMs to dispense Rs 2,500; banks to exchange Rs 4,500 per day [ more ] Markets Agriculture mandi comes to halt due to liquidity crisis Govt likely to put curbs on jewellers Commodity picks: 14 November, 2016 Street Signs: Rich investors' US election Demonetisation: India at an inflection point [ more ] Companies Ester targets three-fold growth in five years, riding on specialty polymers Tata Steel boardroom drama: How independent directors did a flip-flop Paytm hits record 5 mn transactions a day Tata Sons stoops to new low: Mistry Bengaluru tech talent crucial for our success: Nadiem Makarim [ more ] Opinion Preparing for the promise of Trump Managing complexities in corporate governance SC harmonises debt recovery laws Worsening bankability A wrong strategy [ more ] Latest News Day 4: Chaos on at banks, ATMs, trade collapses in small towns Donald Trump names Reince Priebus chief of staff, Stephen Bannon chief strategist Israel President Reuven Rivlin leaves for six-day visit to India New Zealand PM John Key cancels Argentina trip after quake Aditi Ashok wins Women's Indian Open [ more ] Today's Paper Day 4: Chaos on at banks, ATMs, trade collapses in small towns ATMs to dispense Rs 2,500; banks to exchange Rs 4,500 per day Tata Steel boardroom drama: How independent directors did a flip-flop Tata Sons stoops to new low: Mistry Benami properties, gold next: PM Modi [ more ] News you can use Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate Free lounge access, movie tickets and more: Credit cards offer benefits but don't miss the caveats Home gym in your budget Getting justice in cyber crime is difficult [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TIObwa Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. Stock Jumped 21.2% in September The little biotech with lots of big partners caught the eye of some investment bank analysts. Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Oct 10, 2016 at 10:08AM Image source: Getty Images. What happened Shares of Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:HALO) a biotechnology company focused on enhancing drug delivery, rose 21.2% in September, according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence. The stock tanked to begin the year, but following a handful of conference presentations last month, it appears back in favor. HALO data by YCharts So what  Halozyme's ace in the hole is Enhanze, an enzyme that enhances efficacy of its partners' drugs by breaking down tissue surrounding their targets. Enhanze even allows subcutaneous injections (instead of inconvenient IV infusions) of multi-billion blockbuster cancer therapies Herceptin and Rituxan/MabThera from Roche, and it is a major component of immunodeficiency treatment Hyqvia from Shire. Although the Roche-partnered products aren't available in the U.S. yet, 2015 sales of these combination therapies containing Enhanze reached about $6.8 billion last year. Halozyme's quickly growing revenue streams include sales of Hylenex (basically a solo version of Enhanze), a royalty percentage in the mid-single digits on sales of all three commercial stage products containing Enhanze, plus significant milestone payments when these and drugs under development pass predetermined milestones. HALO data by YCharts Halozyme Therapeutics' impressive revenue growth excited investors, driving up the stock price when it seemed the company was on the express train to profit town midway through last year. Unfortunately, the market wasn't too thrilled earlier this year about rapidly increasing outlays for research and development pushing positive cash flows further into the future. Halozyme Therapeutics posted a net loss of $46.7 million in the first half of the year, but finished June with about $245.5 million in working capital. The excess liquidity is due to some fancy financing that soured investors' moods in January. The company basically took out a high interest loan to be repaid with future royalties on its partnered commercial-stage products. Now what The company's future is looking bright, despite the increased debt load. Enhanze is currently in early stage clinical trials with three approved therapies, Roche's Perjeta, Johnson & Johnson's Darzalex, and AbbVie's Humira. Annual global revenue from the trio of popular drugs is expected to be about $24 billion in 2025. Halozyme Therapeutics is entitled to mid-single digit royalties on sales of combination products that arise from these collaborations.  In addition the the above therapies, it also has a longer lasting version of Enhanze in early stage clinical trials with Merck & Co.'s Keytruda, which is the groundbreaking immune-oncology therapy largely responsible for driving Jimmy Carter's advanced-stage melanoma into remission. With plenty of irons in the fire, Halozyme Therapeutics has a shot at helping as many people as the former president's philanthropic ventures. Given its long cash runway, and a market cap of about $1.56 billion at recent prices, the biotech stock could do wonders for a long-term portfolio as well. Cory Renauer owns shares of Johnson and Johnson. You can follow Cory on Twitter, @TMFang4apples, or connect with him on LinkedIn for more healthcare industry insight. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson and Johnson. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Cory is a long-term minded analyst focused on the Biopharma, and Med-Tech industries. He genuinely enjoys cutting through the complexity to help everyday investors make better decisions. Follow @TMFang4apples Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 10:08AM Health Care Stocks Halozyme Therapeutics NASDAQ:HALO $12.58 up $0.43 (3.54%) Read More Halozyme Therapeutics Inc Rose 14% in October -- Here's Why Here's Why These Biopharma Stocks Soared at Least 10% Today This Week in Biotech: A Trifecta of Disappointment Mars ASCO While Biogen Scores a Big Victory This Week in Biotech: Data Disappointments Come in Threes Can Pfizer’s Cholesterol Drug Catch Up To The Competition? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wall Street gains with energy shares; Apple up on Samsung woes Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Tue Oct 11, 2016 | 3:28am IST Wall Street gains with energy shares; Apple up on Samsung woes By Caroline Valetkevitch U.S. stocks rose on Monday as energy shares gained with oil prices and as Apple jumped due to rival Samsung Electronics' worsening smartphone recall crisis. Aiding the advance, polls showed Democrat Hillary Clinton's lead widening in the U.S. presidential race following further turmoil in Republican Donald Trump's campaign over the weekend and a late Sunday debate between the candidates. Clinton is viewed as more positive for stocks partly because her positions are well known, Wall Street strategists have said. Apple's stock jumped 1.7 percent to $116.05 and hit a high not seen since December after Samsung Electronics Co Ltd suspended production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports of fires in replacement devices. "Samsung's woes being Apple's gains helped with that stock a lot," said Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia. "The (presidential) debate further set in stone the idea that Hillary Clinton is the likely winner and that you get the market you know rather than the market you don't know." Oil prices rose, lifting energy shares, after Russia said it was ready to join OPEC in curbing crude output and Algeria's oil minister said he expected similar commitments from other non-OPEC producers. The Dow Jones industrial average was up 88.55 points, or 0.49 percent, to 18,329.04, the S&P 500 gained 9.92 points, or 0.46 percent, to 2,163.66 and the Nasdaq Composite added 36.27 points, or 0.69 percent, to 5,328.67. The energy index was up 1.5 percent. Exxon and Chevron were among the top influences on the S&P and the Dow, along with Apple. An NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll on Monday showed Clinton increasing the recent lead she has held over Trump. Mylan rose 8.2 percent to $38.87 after the drugmaker late on Friday said it would pay $465 million to settle questions over whether it underpaid U.S. government healthcare programs by misclassifying its EpiPen emergency allergy treatment. Twitter Inc shares ended down 11.5 percent but pared losses late after a Reuters report, citing people familiar with the matter, that Salesforce.com Inc is still deliberating whether it should make an offer for Twitter. This week marks the start of the roughly month-long corporate earnings season, which could help determine investors' moods going into the Nov. 8 vote. Some investors hope that the period will mark an end to the year-long U.S. profit recession. Results from Alcoa are due Tuesday after the close. Trading was light because of the U.S. Columbus Day holiday. The bond market was closed. About 5.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.9 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.56-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.36-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 27 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 133 new highs and 35 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Nick Zieminski) Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as the market closes in New York, U.S., October 3, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Next In Business News Oil prices extend declines on oversupply worries TOKYO Oil prices extended declines into a third session on Monday, dragged down by worries about oversupply as OPEC saw record output last month and as the U.S. rig count rose again. PM May says to be 'unashamedly pro-business' as UK leaves EU LONDON The British government will be "unashamedly pro-business" as it seeks to forge the country's future role outside the European Union, but business must also act responsibly, Prime Minister Theresa May will say on Monday. Japan third quarter GDP growth hits annualized 2.2 percent on exports, beats expectations TOKYO Japan's economic growth beat expectations in the July-September period, helped by stronger exports to expand for a third straight quarter, but weak domestic activity cast doubt on hopes for a sustainable economic recovery. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick India raises cap on bank cash withdrawal to ease public anger Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
