Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Top Entrepreneurs’ Advice → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Checkpoints In Lung Cancer, and Other Oncology News From Europe Ben Fidler October 11th, 2016 @benthefidler @xconomy Like Us Xconomy National —  The European Society for Medical Oncology’s annual conference wraps up in Copenhagen today. We’ve seen updates on heavyweight immunotherapy programs, potential options for patients with advanced breast cancer, and more. Here’s a quick roundup of the major news. LUNG CHECKS ESMO provided more evidence that the treatment of lung cancer is changing fast. Going into the meeting, pembrolizumab (Keytruda) from Merck (NYSE: MRK) had already leapfrogged (NYSE: BMY) nivolumab (Opdivo) from Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE: BMY) in the race to make checkpoint inhibitors, a type of cancer immunotherapy already approved for hard-to-treat skin, bladder, lung, and liver cancers, the standard of care for newly diagnosed lung cancer patients. The first news of nivolumab’s Phase 3 failure in these first-line patients came in August and eliminated billions of dollars from Bristol’s market value. Conversely, Merck got a boost. At ESMO this weekend it reported more positive Phase 3 pembrolizumab data, particularly in patients whose tumors express high levels of a protein called PD-L1, while Bristol detailed nivolumab’s poor Phase 3 showing. (Both were compared to chemotherapy.) Evercore ISI analyst John Scotti wrote in a research note that Bristol’s data were “even worse than expected,” widening the gap between the two drugs. Merck’s shares rose 1.6 percent Monday to close at $63.80 apiece, and Bristol’s fell 10.3 percent to $49.72. TheStreet.com has more on the data here. Merck is expected to seek FDA approval of pembrolizumab in newly diagnosed lung cancer patients this year. —Meanwhile, Roche’s Genentech division reported that its checkpoint blocker atezolizumab (Tecentriq) posted positive Phase 3 results in non-small cell lung cancer patients whose disease progressed after at least one round of chemotherapy. The FDA could approve atezolizumab for this group of patients within the next few weeks. The FDA approved atezolizumab earlier this year for a type of bladder cancer. T CELL TIDBITS —Among the three developers of CAR-T cell therapies pushing toward the field’s first approval, Kite Pharma (NASDAQ: KITE) was the sole presenter at ESMO. Santa Monica, CA-based Kite noted that three patients whose non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma was wiped out with Kite’s KTE-C19 remained in remission after 12 months. Kite recently reported that a larger group of NHL patients had a similar response to KTE-C19 after three months. CAR-T treatments use live, modified immune cells to attack a patient’s cancer. —Adaptimmune (NASDAQ: ADAP), which is developing a form of cell therapy called T-cell receptor (TCR) therapy, updated its most advanced clinical program, a treatment for synovial sarcoma, which is a rare cancer that forms in the soft tissues around joints. PARP WALK —ESMO was also the latest forum for data for cancer drugs known as PARP inhibitors. These drugs disable a mechanism that tumor cells use to repair their own DNA. The idea is to keep cancer from bouncing back after chemotherapy. The first PARP blocker to win approval was AstraZeneca’s olaparib (Lynparza), for certain forms of ovarian cancer, in 2014. But more seem poised for a green light. Tesaro (NASDAQ: TSRO), of Waltham, MA, for instance, could win FDA approval of niraparib next year and make an impact on the treatment of ovarian cancer. Right now, surgery is the main option, followed by chemotherapy. But the cancer is stubborn, and there is a big need for “maintenance therapy”— drugs that delay the cancer’s recurrence. Phase 3 data from Tesaro show that adding niraparib to chemotherapy helps delay recurrence compared to chemo alone. Tesaro released top-line data from this trial in June, and investors cheered the better-than-expected results. The company released detailed data at ESMO and published the results in the New England Journal of Medicine. The data solidified Tesaro’s case that nirapirib appears to help a broad group of ovarian cancer patients, not just those with a particular biomarker making them more likely to respond to treatment. (News that the drug might not need a companion diagnostic test from Myriad Genetics (NASDAQ: MYGN) sent the Salt Lake City test maker’s shares down more than 11 percent.) Tesaro expects to file for approval of niraparib next year. Some 20,000 women in the U.S. and Europe each year are eligible for maintenance therapy, according to Tesaro. Shares of the company climbed another 18 percent and closed at $117.90 apiece on Monday. Here’s more from OncLive. —A rival PARP drug, rucaparib from Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ: CLVS), of Boulder, CO, didn’t fare as well this weekend. Clovis touted data from a “pooled” study of two mid-stage trials of rucaparib in ovarian cancer. The results, as Bloomberg noted here, underwhelmed investors, who sent Clovis shares down about 20 percent. Clovis aims to win FDA approval of rucaparib next year, and has recently been the subject of takeover speculation, which has caused shares to climb over the past several months. Pfizer, after all, paid $14 billion for Medivation earlier this year partly for a PARP drug in Phase 3 testing. OTHERS OF NOTE —Novartis revealed in May that its breast cancer drug ribociclib did so well in a 668-patient Phase 3 trial that the study was halted early. Novartis gave more details at ESMO and in the NEJM: Compared to the standard of care letrozole, ricociclib plus letrozole improved by 44 precent first-line patients’ chances to live without their cancer starting to grow again. The drug is meant for hormone dependent (HR+/HER2-) breast cancer and could compete with Pfizer’s palbociclib (Ibrance), which blocks the same cancer proteins, CDK 4 and 6, as ricociclib. Forbes weighed the ricociclib side effects here against the benefits of living longer without a growing tumor. —Alex Lash contributed to this report Ben Fidler is Xconomy's Deputy Biotechnology Editor. You can e-mail him at bfidler@xconomy.com Follow @benthefidler Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME ASCO Roundup: Checkpoints, Pushback Against Prices, CAR-T & More Bio Roundup: Bristol & Illumina Blues, Sickle Cell News & More Biotech Roundup: Kadmon Debt, Hemo Data, Loose Lips & More Trending on Xconomy Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable Texas Innovators in Health, Space, Energy, A.I. & More: The Disruptors Photos Forecast Update: CA’s Prop. 61 Now A Toss-Up, New Poll Shows X Xconomy’s EXOME Presents: State of the Biotech Union National health initiatives, the intersection of Big Data and healthcare, the looming presence of genetic modification, and our national response to infectious disease December 6, 2016 Register today! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers Is commercial clinical research worth it for sites? The urgent issues with clinical trial & study site partnerships KNect365 Life Sciences The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego How Wisconsin is cultivating startup success New report highlights entrepreneurial programs available statewide Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2016, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»PFIZER AKTIE»Transgene Announces Collaboration with Merck and Pfizer to Evaluate the Combination of TG4001 with Avelumab in HPV-Positive Head & Neck Cancer in a Phase 1/2 Study PFIZER INC 30,11  Euro -0,811 -2,62 % WKN: 852009  ISIN: US7170811035 Ticker-Symbol: PFE  Frankfurt | 11.11.16 | 19:11 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktS&P 100 S&P 500 DJ Industrial 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 29,868 30,219 13.11. 29,991 30,089 11.11. 11.10.2016 | 18:02 (14 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Transgene Announces Collaboration with Merck and Pfizer to Evaluate the Combination of TG4001 with Avelumab in HPV-Positive Head & Neck Cancer in a Phase 1/2 Study Regulatory News: Transgene (Paris:TNG), a company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases, today announced it has entered a collaboration agreement with Merck, the science and technology company, and Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) under which Transgene will sponsor a Phase 1/2 study evaluating the potential of the therapeutic vaccine candidate TG4001 in combination with avelumab, an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody, for the treatment of human papilloma virus- (HPV-) positive head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC), after failure of standard therapy. Philippe Archinard, Chairman and CEO of Transgene, commented: "We are pleased to enter this collaboration with Merck and Pfizer to evaluate our therapeutic vaccine TG4001 in association with avelumab. In previous clinical trials, TG4001 has demonstrated promising activity in terms of HPV viral clearance and was well tolerated. TG4001 is one of the few drugs targeting HPV-associated cancers that can be combined with an immune checkpoint blocker such as avelumab. The preclinical and clinical data that have been generated with both TG4001 and avelumab individually suggest this combination could potentially demonstrate a synergistic effect, delivering a step up in therapy for HPV-positive HNSCC patients The combination of TG4001 and avelumab aims to target two distinct steps in the immune response to target cancer cells. This is an exclusive agreement between the parties to study the combination of these two classes of investigational agents in HPV-positive HNSCC. Prof. Christophe Le Tourneau, M.D., Head of the Early Phase Program at Institut Curie, and a world expert in ENT cancers, will be the Principal Investigator of the Phase 1/2 study. This trial is expected to begin in France, with the first patient expected to be recruited in H1 2017. It will seek to recruit patients with recurrent and/or metastatic virus-positive oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma that have progressed after definitive local treatment or chemotherapy, and cannot be treated with surgical resection and/or re-irradiation. Prof. Christophe Le Tourneau said: "HPV-induced head and neck cancers are currently treated with the same regimen as non-HPV-positive HNSCC tumors. However, their different etiology clearly suggests that differentiated treatment approaches are needed for HPV-positive patients. Immunotherapy, and in particular the therapeutic vaccine TG4001 together with the PD-L1 blocker avelumab, by targeting two distinct steps in the immune response, could deliver improved efficacy for patients who have not responded to or have progressed after a first line of treatment." TG4001 is an active immunotherapeutic designed by Transgene to express the coding sequences of the E6 E7 tumor-associated antigens of HPV-16 and the cytokine, IL-2. This therapeutic vaccine, which is based on a non-propagative, attenuated vaccinia vector (MVA), has already been administered to more than 300 patients with high grade cervical intra-epithelial neoplasia (CIN 2/3). It has demonstrated good safety, a significant HPV clearance rate and promising efficacy results. Its mechanism of action and good safety profile make TG4001 a particularly appropriate candidate for combinations with other therapies, such as avelumab. Avelumab is an investigational, fully human antibody specific for a protein found on tumor cells called PD-L1, or programmed death ligand-1. As a checkpoint inhibitor, avelumab is thought to have a dual mechanism of action that may potentially enable the immune system to find and attack cancer cells. By binding to PD-L1, avelumab is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses. Avelumab is also thought to help white blood cells such as natural killer (NK) cells find and attack tumors in a process known as ADCC, or antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. In 2014, the science and technology company Merck and Pfizer signed a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. Alise Reicin, M.D., Head of Global Clinical Development in the biopharma business of Merck, commented: "We believe combination regimens show significant promise in the development of novel and efficacious immuno-oncology treatments. Through this study, we hope to discover the potential of avelumab as a combination therapy with TG4001 for patients fighting this recurring cancer." Chris Boshoff, M.D., Ph.D., Head of Immuno-Oncology, Early Development, and Translational Oncology at Pfizer, said: "Through this collaboration, we hope to better understand how therapeutic vaccines may help support the clinical development program for avelumab as our end goal is to find the best treatment options for patients." About HPV-mediated Head and Neck Cancer Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) is a heterogeneous group of cancers that can affect the oral cavity, pharynx, and larynx. HPV-16 infection is recognized to participate in the development of a substantial proportion of head and neck cancers and is associated with a subset of HNSCC, especially those arising from the oropharynx (more than 80%), which are the most frequent, and the larynx (~70%). The incidence of HPV-16-related head and neck cancer has significantly increased in recent years. Although there are more than 100 subtypes of HPV, HPV-16 accounts for 90% of all HPV-related head and neck cancers. Global spending on head and neck cancer indications amounted to $1 billion in 2010. Current treatments include surgical resection with radiotherapy or chemoradiotherapy. However, better options are needed for advanced and metastatic HPV+ HNSCC. It is thought that immunotherapy combined with immune checkpoint inhibitors could provide a promising potential treatment option that would address this strong medical need. About TG4001 TG4001 is an investigational therapeutic vaccine based on a non-propagative, highly attenuated vaccinia vector (MVA), which is engineered to express HPV-16 antigens (E6 E7) and an adjuvant (IL-2). It is one of the few therapies targeting HPV+ sub population. TG4001 is designed to have a two-pronged antiviral approach: to alert the immune system specifically to HPV-16-infected cells that have started to undergo precancerous transformation (cells presenting the HPV-16 E6 and E7 antigens) and to further stimulate the infection-clearing activity of the immune system through interleukin 2 (IL-2). TG4001 has been administered to more than 300 patients, demonstrating good safety, significant HPV clearance rate and promising efficacy results. Its mechanism of action and good safety profile make TG4001 an excellent candidate for combinations with other therapies in solid tumors. About Avelumab Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational, fully human antibody specific for a protein found on tumor cells called PD-L1, or programmed death ligand-1. Avelumab is thought to have a dual mechanism of action which may enable the immune system to find and attack cancer cells. By binding to PD-L1, avelumab is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses. Avelumab is also thought to help white blood cells such as natural killer (NK) cells find and attack tumors in a process known as ADCC, or antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. In November 2014, Merck and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. About Transgene Transgene S.A. (Euronext: TNG), part of Institut Mérieux, is a publicly traded French biopharmaceutical company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases. Transgene's programs utilize viral vector technology with the goal of indirectly or directly killing infected or cancerous cells. The Company's two lead clinical-stage programs are: TG4010 for non-small cell lung cancer and Pexa-Vec for liver cancer. The Company has several other programs in clinical and pre-clinical development. Transgene is based in Strasbourg, France, and has additional operations in Lyon, as well as a JV in China with Tasly Group. Additional information about Transgene is available at www.transgene.fr. Disclaimer This press release contains forward-looking statements about the future development of TG4001. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant negative outcome for the Company's activities, perspectives, financial situation, results and development. The Company's ability to commercialize its products depends on but is not limited to the following factors: positive pre-clinical data may not be predictive of human clinical results, the success of clinical studies, the ability to obtain financing and/or partnerships for product development and commercialization, and marketing approval by government regulatory authorities. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results, financial condition, performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors ("Facteurs de Risque") section of the Document de Référence, which is available on the AMF website (http://www.amf-france.org) or on Transgene's website (www.transgene.fr Société anonyme au capital de 38.545.397 euros R.C. Strasbourg B 317 540 581 400 boulevard Gonthier d'Andernach Parc d'Innovation CS80166 67405 ILLKIRCH GRAFFENSTADEN CEDEX (France) Tél : 33 3 88 27 91 00 Fax : 33 3 88 27 91 11 View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161011006225/en/ Contacts: Transgene: Lucie Larguier Director Corporate Communications IR +33 (0)3 88 27 91 04 investorrelations@transgene.fr or Media contacts: Citigate Dewe Rogerson David Dible Marine Perrier + 44 (0)20 7638 9571 transgene@citigatedr.co.uk © 2016 Business Wire Nachrichten zu MERCK KGAA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Fr Morgan Stanley belässt Merck KGaA auf 'Equal-weight' Die US-Investmentbank Morgan Stanley hat die Einstufung für Merck KGaA vor Zahlen auf "Equal-weight" mit einem Kursziel von 103 Euro belassen. Er rechne damit, dass der Umsatz im dritten Quartal... ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck gewinnt R&D 100 Award für führende Innovationen ausgezeichnet -- Sanger Arrayed Lentiviral CRISPR Libraries ausgezeichnet in Kategorie Analyse/Tests Darmstadt (ots/PRNewswire) - Merck (http://www.merckgroup.com/de/index.html), ein führendes Wissenschafts-... ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck KGaA Receives $59.60 Consensus PT from Analysts ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck-Aktie steuert nach US-Wahl wieder auf Allzeithoch zu - Chartanalyse Paris - Merck-Aktie steuert nach US-Wahl wieder auf Allzeithoch zu - Chartanalyse Die Analysten der BNP Paribas nehmen in einer aktuellen Chartanalyse die Aktie des Darmstädter Pharmakonzerns Merck... ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck Wins R&D 100 Award for Top Invention - Sanger Arrayed Lentiviral CRISPR Libraries wins in Analytical/Test category DARMSTADT, Germany, Nov. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, received a prestigious... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu PFIZER INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 00:22 Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Deepens its Penetration in the EU ► Artikel lesen So Pfizer's Celebrex shown to be as safe as ibuprofen or naproxen -study ► Artikel lesen Sa Pfizer Inc. Stake Decreased by Guggenheim Capital LLC ► Artikel lesen Sa voestalpine und Pfizer vs. Honda Motor und Amazon - kommentierter KW 45 Peer Group Watch Global Innovation 1000 In der Wochensicht ist vorne: voestalpine 11,37% vor Pfizer 8,63%, Ford Motor Co. 8,29%, Roche GS 6,51%, Sanofi 6,49%, Novartis 6,31%, IBM 5,8%, Daimler 4,72%, Andritz 4,68%, Cisco 3,88%, Intel 2,98%... ► Artikel lesen Sa Dow beendet Trump-Woche auf Jahreshoch, Pfizer am Freitag schwach [pic1Der Dow Jones gewann am Freitag 0,21% auf 18847,66 Punkte. Year-to-date liegt der Dow Jones nun 8,16% im Plus. Es gab bisher 114 Gewinntage und 105 Verlusttage. Auf das Jahreshoch fehlen 0%, vom... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu TRANSGENE SA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Do Successful Completion of Transgene's Rights Issue Gross proceeds of circa €46.4 million Regulatory News: Transgene (Paris:TNG) (Euronext Paris: TNG), a company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for... ► Artikel lesen 28.10. Transgene Announces Publication in OncoImmunology of Pre-Clinical Data Demonstrating Delivery of a Fully Functional Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor (ICI) with Anti-Tumor Efficacy by a New Generation of Oncolytic Viral Immunotherapy In vivo and in vitro data shows oncolytic virus-based immunotherapy can express a fully functional ICI (anti-PD-1) within the tumor micro-environment, at levels that achieve a durable anti-tumor... ► Artikel lesen 24.10. XFRA CAPITAL ADJUSTMENT INFORMATION - 25.10.2016 - 1 FOLGENDE WERTPAPIERE WERDEN AM 24.10.2016 CUM KAPITALMASSNAHME UND AM 25.10.2016 EX KAPITALMASSNAHME GEHANDELT. THE FOLLOWING SHARES ARE TRADED CUM CAPITAL ADJUSTMENT ON 24.10.2016 AND EX CAPITAL ADJUSTMENT... ► Artikel lesen 20.10. TRANSGENE S.A. reports Q3 results ► Artikel lesen 20.10. Transgene Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results €25.4 million in Cash and Cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 Regulatory News: Transgene (Euronext Paris:TNG), a company focused on discovering and developing targeted... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart MERCK KGAA Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % MERCK KGAA 94,87 -0,67 % PFIZER INC 30,11 -2,62 % TRANSGENE SA 2,613 -1,02 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage


null
null


Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska GP Strategies Earns 13 Brandon Hall Excellence in Learning Awards News provided by GP Strategies Corporation Oct 11, 2016, 07:00 ET Share this article COLUMBIA, Md., Oct. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Global performance improvement solutions provider GP Strategies Corporation (NYSE: GPX) today announced that it won 13 Brandon Hall Group Human Capital Management (HCM) Excellence Awards in the Learning, Leadership Development, Talent Management, Talent Acquisition, and Sales Performance categories. GP Strategies, in collaboration with its customers, received awards for the following projects: Continue Reading GP Strategies 2016 Awards from Brandon-Hall Group 1. Gold | Best Advance in Creating a Learning Strategy Product Knowledge Roadmap - An automotive industry client and GP Strategies worked together to develop an evidence-based framework for sales training that would provide product-specific curricula and performance support solutions. The development of the Product Knowledge Roadmap strategy incorporated the input of nearly 100 sales consultants, managers, and trainers from dealerships across the country regarding their product information needs. The Roadmap provides a straightforward framework for designing training, supporting in-dealership live sessions, issuing communications, and providing performance support necessary to launch a new vehicle or provide sustainment support for a carryover vehicle. 2. Gold | Best Results of a Learning Program (MasterCard) MasterCard Phishing - Mastercard, with support from GP Strategies, designed and implemented an interactive simulation that helped employees experience how to protect themselves from a potential phishing attempt. Through a holistic education and execution effort, the results exceeded expectations – and industry benchmarks. 3. Gold | Best Learning Team (Merck) Transforming L&D at Merck - Merck Learning Shared Services teamed with GP Strategies to form a globally diverse team to provide a "follow the sun" support model to significantly increase the speed of execution and delivery, and drive significant cost savings for Merck. GP Strategies proposed an operational support model that leveraged GP Strategies' Centers of Excellence (COEs) in Solihul, UK; Troy, Michigan, US; and Chennai, India for flexible and regionalized LMS administration, customer service, and content development support. The program tied into a holistic global learning transformation initiative that reduced overall learning spend by approximately 40% while improving/maintaining quality. 4. Gold | Best Unique or Innovative Leadership Development Program Leaders Studio - GP Strategies' BlessingWhite division developed a leadership program for a leading entertainment industry customer. 5. Gold | Best Advance in Employee Engagement (SunTrust)  Great Days at Work - SunTrust enlisted GP Strategies' BlessingWhite division to measure and improve the engagement of its 25,000 teammates. The approach was multi-pronged and branded as "Great Days at Work." BlessingWhite created an engagement portal of resources for all levels of the workforce, provided survey services and reports, helped strategize communications and targeted action planning; conducted senior leader meetings and workshops for teammates and managers; and piloted a mobile-optimized Great Days at Work tool to help teammates monitor and increase their engagement. As a result, SunTrust remains ahead of the Financial Services benchmark in all engagement favorability indices and has seen a lift in engagement internally year over year.  6. Silver | Best Advance in Custom Content Onboarding & Orientation - Our automotive industry client launched an initiative three years ago to address gaps between the organization's vision for learning and the reality of the current state of corporate training. The client elected to partner with GP Strategies to bring innovative approaches to address a range of learning needs for both corporate and dealership audiences. The resulting blended learning strategy included quick-start onboarding documents, web-based training, instructional videos (micro learning), interactive job aids, and virtual dealership immersive learning. These innovative approaches have provided more consistent onboarding and professional development experiences for employees and significantly reduced manager overhead associated with onboarding and learning. 7. Silver | Best New Hire Onboarding Program District Managers Combined (DMC) New Hire Development - An automotive industry client includes an extensive field organization across the US that supports its dealerships that market and sell its core brands. This field organization is made up of District Managers, the front-line representatives of the client to its dealership network. In 2013, the role and responsibilities of DMCs changed significantly, creating the need for a DMC new hire development program. HR began recruiting and hiring DMCs. Once hired, new DMCs journey together, networking and collaborating throughout. During their 6-month immersive journey, DMCs are able to focus 100% on learning essential skills and knowledge through a variety of learning experiences. 8. Bronze | Best Advance in Learning Technology Implementation (Cigna) Your Cigna University - Cigna University's vision for the future-state LMS is about moving beyond course tracking, content management, and delivery to providing an integrated cloud-based learning experience that includes formal, social, mobile, and informal learning. To accomplish this, Cigna University and GP Strategies undertook a huge IT transformation project with an aggressive (9.5 months) implementation timeline to migrate thousands of employees and contractors, as well as millions of transcripts, to a new learning platform. GP Strategies also created newly designed pages, transferred assets to the new social collaboration platform, and trained Cigna University help desk LMS administrators and agents on new processes. 9. Bronze | Best Certification Program Master-Level Certification Program for Certified Technology Experts (CTEs) - The Master-Level Certified Technology Expert (MCTE) program is designed to support an automotive industry clients' Global Customer Care Experience team in their request to have a more specialized team of Certified Technology Experts (CTEs) within the dealership who could answer customer questions and coach colleagues on topics related to in-vehicle technology. When the client determined the need for a comprehensive MCTE program, they turned to GP Strategies for expertise in instructional design and content development. Instructional designers from GP Strategies collaborated with client subject-matter experts to prepare and design a custom, performance-based certification program. A successful pilot was conducted in 2015 with a group of CTEs to validate the training materials. 10. Bronze | Best Advance in Custom Content (Lowe's Companies, Inc.) Leading Yourself and Your Team Through Change - The goal of the project was to create a Level 2 and 3 suite of eCourses geared towards helping employees and leaders develop resilience and manage through periods of transformation. The "Leading Yourself Through Change" program was collaboratively designed with Lowe's Companies, Inc. and developed by GP Strategies to help address multiple needs of all Lowe's Companies, Inc. employees at all levels. The "Leading Your Team Through Change" series is composed of three eCourses: The Challenges of Change, Introducing Change to Your Team, and Managing Change. This series is a tool that helps both employees and leaders; staff can use it for their own development and leaders can use it to build commitment and to manage change on their teams. 11. Bronze | Best Advance in Creating a Learning Strategy (Merck) Transforming L&D at Merck - A benchmark assessment in 2012 found that Merck had opportunities to drive efficiencies in its Learning structure, when compared to peer companies with high-impact learning organizations. The solution for Merck was to create and implement a Federated Learning Model to improve efficiency, visibility, and alignment to company operating goals. While aligning to the company's overall operating strategy, this scalable strategy centers on a two-part operating approach: the "front office" (client-facing) and a new "back office" (Learning Shared Service [LSS] team) to work with the front office to fulfill L&D initiative requests. Once the new Merck LSS team was established, they consolidated and outsourced executional support with a single vendor partner, GP Strategies, creating a flexible and scalable support model to meet the variable executional demand.  12. Bronze | Best Advance in Custom Content (PNC Bank) AMG Journey - PNC's Asset Management Group (AMG) wanted a consistent onboarding program to provide all new AMG employees up-to-date operational structure and group capabilities awareness for all the lines of business within AMG. Onboarding to a new organization is a journey for learners. Recognizing this, PNC set out to create a journey theme to the learning materials. The design vision intentionally considered each AMG line of business as a destination for learners to visit. PNC knows that onboarding is daunting and most learners cannot fully absorb all the needed information. For that reason, an engaging theme was used to help maintain interest and encourage completion. The goal was for the learner to remember the training tools themselves so that when they shift to new client delivery channels or functional service roles, they can easily revisit the training for a refresher. The learner starts their journey with an interactive job aid providing a boarding pass to each destination. As the learner moves through the course (journey) they experience a mix of animated videos, recorded webinars, and interactive online courses based on the travel theme. 13. Bronze | Best Unique or Innovative Sales Training Program (TransUnion) Shifting to a Customer-Centric, Problem-Solving Mindset - In 2012, TransUnion (TU) was preparing for a major sales transformation. TU hired a globally renowned management consulting firm to conduct a salesforce optimization analysis. The results revealed that changes needed to occur at both the sales structure and selling skills levels in order to maximize effectiveness. GP Strategies understood the transformational need and recommended a unique customized solution that would provide TU a competitive advantage. The sales leadership team and GP Strategies jointly developed a blended learning solution with five critical sales themes that make up the sales enablement journey: Share a Tailored Point of View; Connect with the Right Buyer; Have Successful Meetings; Establish the Shared Definition of Success; and Make the Value Tangible. As a result, the types of conversations TU is having with their customers have changed. Customers are now more engaged, view TU as a more strategic partner, and are delighted with the insight-led discussions they are now having that they feel better meet and anticipate their needs. About Brandon Hall Group Brandon Hall Group is an HCM research and advisory services firm that provides insights around key performance areas, including Learning and Development, Talent Management, Leadership Development, Talent Acquisition, and Workforce Management. With more than 10,000 clients globally and 20 years of delivering world-class research and advisory services, Brandon Hall Group is focused on developing research that drives performance in emerging and large organizations, and provides strategic insights for executives and practitioners responsible for growth and business results (www.brandonhall.com). About GP Strategies GP Strategies Corporation is a global performance improvement solutions provider of training, eLearning solutions, management consulting, and engineering services. GP Strategies' solutions improve the effectiveness of organizations by delivering innovative and superior training, consulting, and business improvement services customized to meet the specific needs of its clients. Clients include Fortune 500 companies, manufacturing, process and energy industries, and other commercial and government customers. Additional information may be found at www.gpstrategies.com. © 2016 GP Strategies Corporation. All rights reserved. GP Strategies and the GP Strategies logo design are registered trademarks of GP Strategies Corporation. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161010/426865 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130502/PH05881LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gp-strategies-earns-13-brandon-hall-excellence-in-learning-awards-300341928.html SOURCE GP Strategies Corporation Related Links http://www.gpworldwide.com Oct 11, 2016, 13:02 ET Preview: GP Strategies to Host Investor & Analyst Day on December 1, 2016 Oct 07, 2016, 06:45 ET Preview: GP Strategies Completes Acquisition of Maverick Solutions My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 01, 2016, 06:45 ETGP Strategies Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results Oct 24, 2016, 09:49 ETGP Strategies to Report Third Quarter 2016 Results on November 1,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Human Resource & Workforce Management Education Awards You just read: GP Strategies Earns 13 Brandon Hall Excellence in Learning Awards News provided by GP Strategies Corporation Oct 11, 2016, 07:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Reviews Gadgets Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Lung Cancer Treatment: Keytruda Better Than Chemotherapy In Patients With Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer 10 October 2016, 10:06 pm EDT By Rhodi Lee Tech Times Beating Cancer The Natural WayNow Playing Health Benefits Of Drinking WaterNow Playing Clinical trial showed Merck's immune boosting drug Keytruda is better than chemotherapy in patients with lung cancer. Bristol-Myers' Opdivo, however, fared worse than the older chemotherapy.  ( Merck ) Advertisement Findings of a new clinical trial showed that in patients with advanced lung cancer, Merck & Co.'s immune boosting drug Keytruda could be a better treatment option than chemotherapy. The study, which was published in New England Journal of Medicine on Oct. 9, involved patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumor had not yet spread to other parts of the body and who received no prior treatment. NSCLC is the most common type of the disease comprising between 85 and 90 percent of lung cancer diagnosis. The standard line treatment for NSCLC patients has been chemotherapy with patients living an average of 12 to 14 months after the start of treatment. Results of the study showed that six months after starting treatment, only 72 percent of those on chemotherapy were alive while about 80 percent of those who took Keytruda survived six months after the start of treatment. Nearly 28 percent of chemotherapy patients experienced significant shrinkage of tumor compared with almost 45 percent in those who received Keytruda. As for side effects of the treatment, 90 percent of those who received chemotherapy experienced unwanted effects of treatment such as anemia and nausea compared with 73 percent in patients who received Keytruda. Severe side effects were likewise experienced at a higher rate among those who received chemotherapy. "In patients with advanced NSCLC and PD-L1 expression on at least 50% of tumor cells, pembrolizumab was associated with significantly longer progression-free and overall survival and with fewer adverse events than was platinum-based chemotherapy," the study concluded. The study began in September 2014 but it was stopped early in June this year due to recommendations from an independent monitoring committee. The recommendations were based on interim results that showed Keytruda was superior to chemotherapy. "Chemotherapy has been the standard treatment for most patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer for decades, but survival rates remain low," said Merck president Roger Perlmutter. "Our new data suggest that KEYTRUDA treatment can offer meaningful improvement over chemotherapy in a broad array of patients. In this sense, these studies may represent a turning point in worldwide efforts to control lung cancer." Results of the new study may likely lead more doctors to favor Keytruda over Bristol-Myers Squibb's immunotherapy Opdivo following a surprise announcement by Bristol-Myers in August that its drug fared worse than chemotherapies in a Phase III trial. Opdivo has been the leader in the lucrative lung cancer market for new drugs that fight cancer by stimulating the body's immune systems. It generated global sales of $1.54 billion for the first six months of this year outpacing Keytruda, which had global sales of $563 million, by a large margin. TAG Lung Cancer, Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer, Keytruda, chemotherapy, Opdivo, Merck © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Whole Brain Radiotherapy Not Beneficial To Patients Whose Lung Cancer Has Spread To Brain This App Can Help Lung Cancer Patients Live Longer Up To 25 Percent Of Lung Cancer Patients Ineligible For Immunotherapy Simple Breath Test Could Offer Lung Cancer Clues and Ease Screening Liquid Biopsy For Lung Cancer: Simple Blood Test Can Detect Mutation In Key Genes From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Google Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? 2 Apps/Software Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P To Get Night Mode Again After Android 7.1 Nougat Update Removed It 5 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 6 Gadgets Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals: PS4 And Xbox One Bundle Sales, $199 49" Toshiba 4K HDTV, Galaxy S7 Discount And More 7 Animals Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor 9 Ancient Mating With Neanderthals And Denisovans Helped Ancient Humans Survive Outside Africa 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Android 7.0 Nougat: How To Use Multi-Window Mode On Android 7.0 EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Costco Black Friday 2016 Deals Leak Early: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Discount Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? How To Watch Taurid Meteor Shower 2016: Where And When To Look Up For Fireballs In The Sky Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Google Play Store November 2016: The New Apps, Music, Movies and TV Shows Available To Download Samsung Galaxy Note 8: Specs And Features We Want To See [Exploding Battery Not Included] Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Bristol's Failure of Leadership By Max Nisen Photographer: Maddie Meyer Health Max Nisen Max Nisen is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering biotech, pharma and health care. He previously wrote about management and corporate strategy for Quartz and Business Insider. Follow @MaxNisen Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Oct 10, 2016 1:52 PM EDT MERCK & CO. INC. -1.01 At Closing, Nov 11th 63.95 USD ASTRAZENECA PLC -78.50 At Closing, Nov 11th 4326.00 GBp Self-inflicted wounds hurt the most.  Bristol-Myers Squibb's immune-boosting cancer drug Opdivo had been dominating Merck's rival drug Keytruda because it is marketed to a broader patient population. Opdivo outsold Keytruda by more than $500 million in the second quarter.  But Bristol's attempt to use the same broad-brush approach in treating newly diagnosed lung-cancer patients blew up in its face back in August. In a trial with those patients, Opdivo did not outperform chemotherapy, while a more-conservative trial by Merck succeeded. That result carved $30 billion from Bristol's market cap at the time. The news got worse this weekend: Updated data from the same trial show Opdivo didn't even beat chemo among a more-promising patient group. Merck's drug, on the other hand, reduced death in those patients by 40 percent compared to chemo. Markets shaved another $9 billion in Bristol's value on Monday, as shares fell to a two-year low. Observers who picked Bristol as the surefire winner in this drug class were premature. Now, instead of defending its throne, Bristol needs to scramble to keep up.  Drawing a Blank An August trial failure took a huge hunk of of Bristol-Myers' market cap. Then investors found out exactly how badly it failed. Source:Bloomberg The fight for market leadership in this space, known as immuno-oncology, has only just begun.  The first approvals for these drugs were in patients that had failed other lines of treatment. It's where cancer medicines often start -- it's easier to show superior benefit in tougher-to-treat patients with limited options. That may have helped Bristol take an early lead, as did its aggressive clinical-trial strategy -- Bristol didn't limit trials to patients whose tumors have a very high level of a protein (PD-L1) thought to predict success for this drug class. But Bristol's head start may mean less going forward. Merck's recent trial success gives it a jump on treating newly diagnosed lung-cancer patients. Roche's Tecentriq, meanwhile, is expected to get an approval in previously treated lung cancer patients in the next few weeks.  And all of the companies in this space will likely be fighting for market share in treating various cancers for years to come.  The real prize is the 75 to 80 percent of newly diagnosed lung cancer patients not eligible for Merck's drug based on their PD-L1 levels. And there are many patients with other types of cancer that don't benefit from this drug class on its own. To reach them, firms are testing combinations of multiple drugs, with the Opdivo/Keytruda class as a backbone.  Bristol got the first approval for an IO combo, its older drug Yervoy plus Opdivo to treat melanoma. It's testing that combination in a variety of other cancers. But AstraZeneca will have trial results for a similar combo in lung cancer ahead of Bristol. And Merck, Roche, and others are trying other approaches to the combo game that might end up being better. In one very small trial, a combination of Keytruda with an early-stage Incyte drug had triple the response rate of Bristol's Opdivo/Yervoy duo in melanoma, and appeared safer.  If Bristol loses more of its lead in single-drug treatment and can't find a way win in the combo game, then it may be in real trouble. Analyst estimates for Opdivo's sales in 2019 have fallen by more than $2 billion since August and may have further to go.  Closing the Gap Analysts have cut sales forecasts for the Bristol-Myers Squibb drug Opdivo after it failed in a trial of newly diagnosed lung-cancer patients. The outlook for Merck's rival drug Keytruda keeps rising, meanwhile Source: Bloomberg Even with these lowered estimates, Opdivo is expected to account for more than 30 percent of the company's sales in 2019. The company's valuation compared to its peers was sky high when many assumed it would lead this market for years to come, but it has eroded dramatically along with expectations for Opdivo. Back to Earth Bristol-Myers Squibb has been more highly valued than its peers based on its presumed leadership in cancer immunotherapy. That head start is rapidly eroding, though Source: Bloomberg It seems unlikely Opdivo is a fundamentally worse drug than Keytruda, given its success over the past few years. Bristol reported promising Opdivo trial results in head and neck cancer over the weekend, in fact. But in trying to differentiate Opdivo from its rivals, Bristol's approach has been too aggressively broad, raising the possibility of more design failures to come. It needs to find a new way to expand Opdivo's opportunity, instead of watching it diminish.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Max Nisen in New York at mnisen@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Mark Gongloff at mgongloff1@bloomberg.net Lingering Threat Lingering Threat International flows into Malaysian bonds have been the strongest this year since 2012, but could quickly reverse Source: Bloomberg * Year-to-date. Ace of Spades Malaysia's Running Out of Trump Cards Markets Andy Mukherjee Lock Step Lock Step U.S. crude oil and retail gasoline prices move in tandem Source: Bloomberg Sanctions Redux Donald Trump Could Be OPEC's New Best Friend Julian Lee Yield Surge Yield Surge Bond yields climbed sharply after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president Source: Bloomberg Swing State The Bond Pit and the Pendulum Markets Lisa Abramowicz Don of a New Era Don of a New Era Long-term U.S. Treasury yields surged this week as markets attempted to discount a Trump presidency Source: Bloomberg Trade of the Week Goldman Sachs Made America Great Again Finance Michael P. Regan Deal Spectrum Slam Dunk 20/20 Hindsight That Big Berkshire Hathaway Railroad Deal Deals Gillian Tan Flash Sale Flash Sale J.C. Penney's shares plunged by as much as 12% in pre-market trading Friday, eventually turning positive as investors digested its lower-than-expected earnings Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Upshift J.C. Penney Needs to Find a New Gear Consumer Shelly Banjo Copper Used In China For Each Tonne Used In The U.S. 6.7 Tonnes Wistful Thinking Trump Takes Copper Bulls Down Memory Lane Energy Liam Denning Trumped Up Trumped Up U.S. interest rates have spiked since Tuesday's U.S. presidential election Source: Bloomberg Marketing President Trump, Meet President Reagan Markets Nir Kaissar Feel The Flow Feel The Flow Quarterly net flows of assets under management turned positive at Pimco for the first time since 2013 Source: Company filings Inflection Point Pimco's Turnaround Gets Trumped Finance Lionel Laurent Get the Crash Cart Get the Crash Cart Shares of hospital companies plunged as it became clear Donald Trump would be the next President Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Obamacarelessness Trump Puts Hospitals in the ICU Health Max Nisen Trump Effect Trump Effect Banks led by Wells Fargo & Co. have outperformed since Trump won the election, in part due to likely reduced regulation and the potential that his spending plans will drive inflation (and interest rate hikes) Source: Bloomberg You've Got Time Goldman's Slow Volcker Compliance Could Pay Off Gillian Tan Bpost's proposed offer €2.4 billion Lost in Delivery Return This Deal to Sender Finance Chris Hughes Bottoms Up Bottoms Up After reaching a low in the first half of July, U.S. Treasury yields have been climbing steadily Source: Bloomberg Safe Not Sorry Gundlach Takes a Moral Victory Lap Markets Lisa Abramowicz Down With the Kids Down With the Kids Christmas ads' pick up on social media is crucial to creating a brand buzz for British retailers Source: YouTube Lidl is an estimate as of December 2015 Tune In The Futile Christmas Ad War Consumer Andrea Felsted Average PL viewership -18% Forever Bursting Bubbles Soccer's Aristocrats Have a Ratings Problem Too Elaine He Losing Power Losing Power The growth in Tata Group's total net profit between 2004 and 2011 has all but stalled since Source: Bloomberg *Data for 2016 are trailing 12-month figures for the most recent quarter. Use the Force Tata Wars Move to Lightsabers Management Andy Mukherjee Tata's Singapore coupon 6.65% the worm turns Singapore Bondholders Get Tough Markets Christopher Langner Balance of Power Balance of Power China retail remains Alibaba's most important business, with international barely a blip on the radar Source: Bloomberg Free Kick Jack Ma Should Channel Becks Tech Tim Culpan Enough Guns? Enough Guns? Demand for pre-purchase background checks has been on the rise amid calls for tougher gun control measures following a spate of mass shootings Source: FBI National Instant Criminal Background Check System Background checks are not equivalent to gun sales. Holstered Trump Can't Make Smith & Wesson Guns Sell Industrials Brooke Sutherland Back in the U.S. of A. Back in the U.S. of A. Of the top 10 Chinese acquisitions of American assets, seven were this year Source: Bloomberg * denotes deals not done in 2016. Hammer Time Trump Crushes China M&A Deals Nisha Gopalan Share Build Share Build Macy's shares shot up as much as 9% Thursday after announcing a real estate deal with Brookfield Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Meh-cy's Don't Get Too Excited About Macy's Consumer Shelly Banjo The New World The New World Conoco has learned from bitter experience that the energy cycle trumps all Source: Bloomberg Real Talk Do You Believe Shell? Try Conoco Energy Liam Denning Let's Make a Deal Let's Make a Deal The combined value of software takeovers has hit a high in 2016 Source: Bloomberg Note: Deal value measures announced takeovers of U.S.-based software or internet companies. Deal Burst Software M&A Flared Then Lost Its Spark Tech Shira Ovide What Will Trump Do? Who Knows? Art of the Real Real Estate and a Property-Owning President Real Estate Rani Molla Growing Like A Weed Growing Like A Weed Shares in Scotts Miracle-Gro have jumped 41 percent this year, as investors plow into marijuana-related stocks Source: Bloomberg Pot Of Gold How to Cash In on Weed Legalization Consumer Shelly Banjo
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Bristol-Myers Partner Ono Drops as Cancer Drug Data Disappoint Natasha Khan natashakhanhk Naomi Kresge naomikresge October 10, 2016 — 9:09 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Ono Pharmaceutical Co. shares dropped in Japan trading after its partner Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. released study results for its immune-based therapy Opdivo that fell short of already low expectations in a lung cancer trial that studied wider use of the drug. The Osaka-based company dropped as much as 11 percent Tuesday, the most since August, before trading 8.6 percent lower at 9:34 a.m. local time. The Japanese stock market was closed Monday for a holiday. In results presented Sunday at the European Society for Medical Oncology meeting in Copenhagen, Opdivo data showed it wasn’t superior to chemotherapy even in patients with high levels of a protein called PD-L1, which is thought to be a predictor of how well the immune-system drugs will work. The data came from a detailed analysis of the Checkmate-26 study, whose main findings were released in August. The results were in stark contrast to the performance of Merck & Co.’s Keytruda in a similar group of patients. Keytruda reduced the risk of death or cancer progression by 50 percent in a study, giving Merck a head start on all of its competitors in the race for the best new immune therapy against lung tumors, the most common cancer in the world. Merck’s entire trial was designed around people with high PD-L1 levels, while Bristol-Myers tried to reach a wider range of patients. Bristol-Myers had already announced in August that Opdivo didn’t help the broader group. Sunday’s results showed the treatment didn’t aid the narrower group either. Bristol-Myers, which had already slumped 19 percent this year through Friday, dropped to the lowest level in two years in New York trading on Monday. Opdivo was first approved in Japan in July 2014 for melanoma, a type of skin cancer. Ono has a royalty agreement with Bristol-Myers and rights to sell Opdivo in Japan and a few other regional markets. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Cancer Japan Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Bristol-Myers Squibb, Myriad Genetics, and Twilio Slumped Today Despite a rising market, these stocks fell. Find out why. Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Oct 10, 2016 at 6:42PM The stock market performed well on Monday, with the Dow climbing 88 points and other major market benchmarks posting similar gains of roughly half a percent. Many investors were pleased with the continued advances in the crude oil market, where prices approached the $52-per-barrel level on news of potential supply constraints because of Russian production controls and measures from OPEC member nations. Yet even though the stock market rose and sent the Energy Select SPDR ETF (NYSEMKT:XLE) up more than 1.5%, some stocks nevertheless lost substantial ground. Among the worst perfomers were Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY), Myriad Genetics (NASDAQ:MYGN), and Twilio (NYSE:TWLO). Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb. Bristol faces a competitive setback Bristol-Myers Squibb lost more than 10% after a tough weekend for the drug-maker. On one hand, the company's presentation at the European Society for Medical Oncology showed few signs of any positive signs for its Checkmate-026 trial of its Opdivo candidate treatment for a form of lung cancer. At the same time, competitor Merck (NYSE:MRK) announced much more encouraging trial data for its Keytruda lung-cancer drug, setting the stage for a competitive showdown in which the odds will be very much in Merck's favor. If Merck gets the upper hand, then it will be extremely difficult for Bristol's Opdivo to meet the expectations that its shareholders have for the drug, and that could put even further pressure on the drug-maker's shares going forward. Analysts hit Myriad shares Myriad Genetics dropped 12% in the wake of an analyst's downgrade of the genetic testing company's stock. Analysts at Ladenburg Thalmann downgraded shares of Myriad Genetics from neutral to sell. The current target price of $16 per share for the stock would imply even further downside from current levels, and investors are increasingly worried about potential competition. For instance, Myriad currently relies heavily on its BRACAnalysis test for breast and ovarian cancer, but some potential competitors believe that they can offer reduced pricing that could hurt Myriad's business model in the long run. The question is how long Myriad can ride its first-mover advantage, but the prospect of an end to its competitive moat is making some Myriad Genetics shareholders take a hard look at their shares today. Twilio's early investors sell out Finally, Twilio plunged 14%. The company said late Friday that it would register a follow-on public offering of stock, allowing several of its existing stockholders to liquidate all or part of their holdings in the company. Twilio expects to issue $50 million in new stock in the offering, with the proceeds going to the company. However, the remaining $350 million in offered shares would represent holdings of third-party shareholders, and Twilio won't see any of those proceeds. The move comes as somewhat of a surprise because lock-up provisions for the newly public company weren't set to expire until late December. Given the success that the smartphone messaging and video specialist's stock has seen, it's no surprise that institutional investors want to book profits, and for long-term investors who believe in the company's prospects down the road, the drop could represent a good opportunity for more investment. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 6:42PM Financials Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.95 down $-1.01 (-1.55%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.37 down $0.29 (-0.51%) Myriad Genetics NASDAQ:MYGN $17.29 down $0.09 (-0.52%) Energy Select Sector SPDR NYSEMKT:XLE $69.46 down $-1.29 (-1.82%) Twilio Inc. NYSE:TWLO $31.56 up $0.06 (0.19%) Read More How Donald Trump Could Affect Your Personal Finances 4 Tax Moves You Can Make Today to Avoid an Audit Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 3 Undervalued Growth Stocks Ready to Be Bought Now The First Details of Intel Corporation's Gemini Lake Chip Emerge Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Reuters Health News Summary By Reuters Published: 16:59 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 16:59 EST, 10 October 2016 e-mail Following is a summary of current health news briefs. Physical strain, emotional upset can trigger heart attack Intense physical exertion or extreme emotional upset can each trigger a heart attack, and the risk may be highest if the two are combined, according to a new study. "Our study is the largest study exploring this issue, and unlike previous studies we included people from many different countries and ethnicities," said lead author Andrew Smyth of the Population Health Research Institute at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Exelixis and Pfizer drugs compete in kidney cancer trial Exelixis's drug Cabometyx outperformed Pfizer's Sutent in a clinical study for the treatment of metastatic kidney cancer, suggesting it has the potential to become a first-line treatment, researchers said on Monday. The drug is currently approved only in patients who have already received prior therapy, while Sutent is cleared for initial use. However, hopes have been building for the Exelixis product in recent months, buoying the firm's shares. Doctors grapple with best use of potent new cancer drugs Evelyn O'Flynn still has lung cancer. But after going straight on to a new immune system-boosting drug more than a year ago, rather than traditional hard-to-tolerate chemotherapy, she is feeling great. "It's like a miracle," said the 72-year-old ex-smoker, who is about to become a great-grandmother. As a patient being treated with Merck & Co's immunotherapy drug Keytruda, O'Flynn is one of the lucky ones. Niger Rift Valley Fever outbreak could spread across borders: health experts An outbreak of Rift Valley fever that has killed at least 28 people in western Niger in recent months could spread to neighboring Mali and Algeria, health officials warned on Monday. The highly contagious disease, which is transmitted to humans by mosquitoes or close contact with contaminated animals, has infected 90 people in Niger's western region of Tahoua since early August, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). Britain's young royals mark World Mental Health day at London Eye Britain's Prince William, his wife Kate and brother Harry took a ride on the giant London Eye ferris wheel on Monday as they helped mark World Mental Health Day. The young royals rode in a capsule with guests who previously experienced mental health problems. The three royals front the Heads Together campaign, launched this year to help improve the help available for sufferers. Antibiotic history of a hospital bed may increase a patient's risk of infection If the previous occupant of a hospital bed received antibiotics, the next patient who uses that bed may be at higher risk for a severe form of infectious diarrhea, according to a new study. Clostridium difficile (C. diff) diarrhea causes 27,000 deaths each year in the U.S. Hospital patients taking antibiotics are particularly at risk for it, say the authors of the study. Antibiotics disturb the normal healthy bacteria of the gut so a C. diff infection can take hold. 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumors had been tested using a biomarker. Ventilator use surges for nursing home residents with dementia The number of nursing home residents with advanced dementia who get hooked up to breathing machines has roughly doubled in recent years even though this doesn't appear to help them live longer, a U.S. study suggests. In 2013, among every 1,000 nursing home residents with dementia who needed to be hospitalized for some reason, 78 were hooked up to mechanical ventilators, compared to just 39 out of 1,000 in 2000, the study found. Bristol lung-cancer setback puts rival Merck drug in driver seat New data is likely to prompt doctors to abandon Bristol-Myers Squibb's immunotherapy Opdivo in favor of Merck & Co's rival Keytruda in a large segment of the lucrative lung cancer market, analysts said on Monday. The results of a closely watched clinical trial sent Bristol's shares plunging 10 percent. The data, presented at a medical meeting on Sunday, showed that lung cancer patients fared worse on Opdivo than those on chemotherapy. Merck shares rose nearly 2 percent on strong benefits shown by Keytruda in a similar late-stage lung cancer study. Both trials tested the drugs that help the immune system to recognize and fight cancer as an initial treatment for advanced lung cancer. They are already approved for patients whose disease had progressed following chemotherapy, but approval as a so called first-line therapy could greatly increase the number of patients taking them. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 8:44 P.M. ET Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie 8:29 P.M. ET Trump-branded properties are poised for a rebound 8:16 P.M. ET ISIS urges truck attacks, says Thanksgiving Day Parade an ‘excellent target’ 7:49 P.M. ET May to say U.K. will pursue free trade while protecting workers at home 7:40 P.M. ET Japan's economy surged forward in Q3 7:36 P.M. ET Look up tonight to see the biggest supermoon in 68 years 6:53 P.M. ET EU vows to work with Trump administration while standing firm on key issues 6:41 P.M. ET Facebook stops allowing ads to target specific ethnic groups 6:32 P.M. ET Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 6:28 P.M. ET Updated Pro-Russian presidential candidates win in Bulgaria, Moldova 5:55 P.M. ET Experts forecast rising GDP, inflation and risks 5:52 P.M. ET VW, Audi confirm probe into Audi emissions 5:09 P.M. ET Blockbuster deals would make AMC No. 1 theater chain in world 5:00 P.M. ET Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 4:54 P.M. ET Paul Ryan likely to remain House Speaker 4:41 P.M. ET Updated Trump names RNC head Reince Priebus as chief of staff 4:31 P.M. ET Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 2:15 P.M. ET My mother-in-law is being bled dry by her incarcerated brother 1:15 P.M. ET The Secret to Successful Mole Catching 12:07 P.M. ET Updated This week’s lesson for investors? Nothing good happens after hours Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Pharmaceuticals How a Merck cancer breakthrough caused Bristol-Myers’ stock to plunge By Emma Court Published: Oct 11, 2016 7:03 a.m. ET Share Merck’s positive Keytruda trial results made Bristol’s Opdivo look even worse Getty Images A Merck sign stands in front of the company's building in Oct. 2013 in New Jersey. By EmmaCourt Reporter Rival drugmakers Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and Merck & Co., which are both developing a treatment for the same type of lung cancer, have been playing a game of stock market seesaw. Never was that more true than Monday, when Merck’s MRK, -1.55%  positive clinical trial data lifted it a mere 1.6%, while Bristol’s BMY, -0.51%  bad news — made worse in contrast with Merck’s — sent it shuddering down 10.6%. Merck announced two positive clinical trial results on Sunday, both for its Keytruda treatment on metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, and published the results in respected journals on Monday. “Our new data suggests that Keytruda treatment can offer meaningful improvement over chemotherapy in a broad array of patients,” said Merck president Dr. Roger Perlmutter. “In this sense, these studies may represent a turning point in worldwide efforts to control lung cancer.” By contrast, Bristol announced that its Opdivo treatment showed “ongoing responses” in two late-stage studies for advanced non-small cell lung cancer, less-than-impressive results following a high-profile trial failure in early August. Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez said Keytruda’s results support Perlmutter’s assertion of a “sea change” in this area of cancer treatment. “The nearly inexplicable failure of [Bristol’s] (OP) CM-026 at every level of PDL1 expression... puts MRK in the driver’s seat in 1L lung cancer for at least the next 12-18 months,” he said, adding that, “we fully expect [Merck] to retain a significant place at the table long term.” Though some support for an Opdivo comeback remained after the drug’s summer trial failure, analysts had harsher words this go-around. See: Why Bristol-Myers lung-cancer drug could still succeed despite stunning trial failure The weekend Opdivo results were “even worse than expected,” said EvercoreISI’s Paul Sperber. Though more than half of investors expected a comparison between the two drugs to “come in somewhat even... Instead, we saw virtually no benefit for BMY’s” Opdivo, Sperber said. But J.P. Morgan’s Chris Schott made a case for a Bristol recovery, saying that while the latest results were “wholly disappointing, we see sentiment bottoming as we move past ESMO and continue to see an attractive long-term thesis” based on the study of Opdivo in combination with cancer drug Yervoy, which he said was Bristol’s “path forward in the lung.” Read: Failed trial of lung-cancer drug sends Bristol-Myers stock plunging and Merck’s shares up Though Schott was bullish on Merck’s Keytruda, predicting a very rapid uptake and rollout of the drug, he remained “optimistic” on the Opdivo/Yervoy combination being an “extremely competitive combo frontline” for non-small cell lung cancer. The FDA plans to consider Keytruda for approval, with a decision expected by Dec. 24, Merck said. While Bristol has said it wants to file early for approval for Opdivo/Yervoy, it “provided little in the way of detail regarding timelines and the rationale for such a filing,” said Schott. “We expect the Street to remain skeptical of a potential early Opdivo/Yervoy” absent additional data. Merck shares have risen 7.5% over the past three months, compared with a 1.6% increase in the S&P 500 SPX, -0.14% Bristol-Myers shares have dropped 34.1% over the past three months. A photo originally accompanying this story incorrectly pictured Merck KGaA, rather than Merck & Co. More from MarketWatch Donald Trump, of course, ‘won’ the presidential debate Here’s how much Apple may profit from Samsung’s exploding phone disaster Carl Icahn loses $350 million bet to save the Trump Taj Mahal MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.95 -1.01 (-1.55%) Volume 13.9M Open $64.08 High $64.51 Low $63.58 P/E Ratio 32.63 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 176.3B Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. U.S.: NYSE: BMY $56.37 -0.29 (-0.51%) Volume 12.4M Open $56.31 High $56.73 Low $55.88 P/E Ratio 27.63 Div Yield 2.7 Market Cap 94.2B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,164.45 -3.03 (-0.14%) Volume 734.6M Open 2,163 High 2,166 Low 2,152 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Collapse Expand Sections Home | Health COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Opinion Cities World OffBeat Photos Schedule Trends People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts Doctors Grapple With Best Use Of Potent New Cancer Drugs Health | Reuters | Updated: October 11, 2016 01:19 IST EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS A scientist prepares protein samples for analysis in a lab at Institute of Cancer Research in Sutton. COPENHAGEN:  Evelyn O'Flynn still has lung cancer. But after going straight on to a new immune system-boosting drug more than a year ago, rather than traditional hard-to-tolerate chemotherapy, she is feeling great. "It's like a miracle," said the 72-year-old ex-smoker, who is about to become a great-grandmother. As a patient being treated with Merck & Co's immunotherapy drug Keytruda, O'Flynn is one of the lucky ones. Data presented at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress suggest her early treatment with immunotherapy, as part of a clinical trial in Britain, will become standard for a growing number of patients. But there is a catch: it doesn't work for all. Giving immunotherapy on its own only seems to work better than chemotherapy in previously untreated lung cancer patients who have high levels of a protein called PD-L1, which makes them more receptive to immunotherapy. From now on, oncologists in Copenhagen have been told, lung cancer patients should be routinely tested for this biomarker. However, only a quarter to a third of non-small cell lung cancer patients have tumours with at least 50 per cent of cells producing PD-L1, leaving the majority unserved and around 70 percent of the market still up for grabs. The inability to treat everyone with monotherapy using one single drug is a blow for Bristol, which tried to make treatment with its Opdivo drug work across the board, only to fail comprehensively in a major clinical trial. But it has opened up the field to rivals like Merck, Roche and AstraZeneca, which own what could be among the biggest-selling drugs of all time, and all companies are now racing to find smart ways to combine treatments. Oncologists poring over immunotherapy trial results at Europe's biggest cancer meeting have learnt one thing: finding optimal treatments for different patient groups will take more research. "I think the future of immunotherapy will be defined over the next 10 or 15 years," said lung cancer specialist Solange Peters from Lausanne University Hospital, one of the organisers of the Copenhagen meeting. Despite immunotherapy successes and the prospect of a potential market worth up to $40 billion in sales, veteran cancer experts urge caution. "In oncology, we see these kind of waves from cosmic pessimism to over-optimism, so we have to be cautious," ESMO President Fortunato Ciardiello said. Investors, though, were quick to position themselves as shares in Bristol fell 10 per cent in early trade on Monday, while Merck hit its highest level since 2001. FIGHTING BACK By taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours, immunotherapy offers a different approach to toxic chemotherapy treatment, which causes collateral damage to healthy tissue. It is not without side effects but it is a kinder option, which also promises much longer-lasting efficacy. Bristol, Merck and Roche have US approval for immunotherapies, while Bristol and Merck also sell their drugs in Europe. China, however, has yet to licence them. Lung cancer, the world's biggest cancer killer with an annual death toll of 1.6 million, will account for by far the largest portion of future prescriptions, although immunotherapy is used additionally in melanoma, Hodgkin lymphoma and cancers of the bladder, kidney, head and neck. With Merck set to sweep the board in lung cancer monotherapy, doctors are looking to the next phase of the story and there is a growing consensus that combination treatments are the future for remaining patients with lower PD-L1 levels. "Clearly, the race is on," said Jean-Charles Soria, a professor of medicine at France's Institut Gustave Roussy, of the looming battle for dominance in the combination market. In theory, researchers believe, it should be possible to get more people to respond by adding other drugs to the mix in order to coax the immune system to fight back against cancer cells. Most attention so far has been on combining two immunotherapies, although this raises questions over cost, with each medicine typically priced at $100,000 to $150,000 a year. The strategy creates an opportunity for AstraZeneca, which has lagged rivals so far but hopes to jump ahead with a drug cocktail that should report clinical results early next year. Bristol is chasing the same idea, although its double-immunotherapy trial is not expected to have results until 2018. But the ESMO meeting has also raised the prospect of another approach -- successfully combining immunotherapy and chemotherapy. A lot of scientists have been sceptical of this idea in the past, and there are still questions over whether patients will have a long-lasting response, but positive data from a mid-stage study at ESMO suggests the concept has real promise. Roche and Merck are both enthusiastic. Steering a path through all these permutations is going to be a challenge and ESMO's Ciardiello says the cancer community must await more clinical trial results over the next few years. "I think we live in great times for rendering cancer a curable disease but it will take time because the more we learn, the more we understand that it is hugely complex," he told Reuters. $30-40 BILLION SALES While nobody yet knows what the "gold standard" treatment regimen is going to be, it is already clear this new generation of drugs is going to be big. "Every time we come back to the immunotherapy market we are amazed at just how large the opportunity is," said Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez, who sees combined annual sales of $30 billion to $40 billion for drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo, as well as rivals from Roche, AstraZeneca and Pfizer. How the market will ultimately divide between companies is still unclear but Merck certainly emerges from the past weekend in Copenhagen as the main winner. That underscores a shift in expectations that has been evident since August, when Bristol first revealed its monotherapy trial had failed. British patient O'Flynn, whose tumours shrunk dramatically, is just glad she has a chance to try something new. "My brother had cancer and he had chemotherapy, which was very gruelling. But I haven't experienced any real side effects, apart from a bit of tiredness." © Thomson Reuters 2016 Trending Movies: Twinkle, Akshay's Koffee Time Will Make You ROFL. 10 Best Quotes Profit: How Big Note Ban Could Impact Your EMIs, Bank FD Rates Gadgets: Should You Buy the PS4 Pro or Stick With the PS4? Read This and Decide Related Weight Loss May Make Cancer Immunotherapies Ineffective Smoking a Pack a Day Causes 150 Mutations in Every Lung Cell Palliative Care Should be Standard in Cancer Treatment: Guideline Antibiotic History Of A Hospital Bed May Increase A Patient's Risk Of Infection: Study Dear Science: Why Do I Always Get Sick When The Seasons Change? Share this story on ALSO READPM Modi Holds Late-Night Meeting With Senior Ministers On Currency Ban Evelyn O'FlynnLung CancerChemotherapyImmunotherapyEuropean Society for Medical Oncology ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksJohn AbrahamRock On 2Deepika PadukonePriyanka ChopraSrideviArvind KejriwalIndia vs England ................................ Advertisement ................................ Donald Trump Wants To Live Only Part-Time In White House: Report Trump Vows To Immediately Deport Up To 3 Million Illegal Immigrant PM Modi Holds Late-Night Meeting With Senior Ministers On Currency Ban After Rs 500 Note Launch, Withdrawal Limits At ATMs, Banks Raised RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2016. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The ESMO Conference Proves Its Ability To Move Stocks Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 10, 2016 2:44pm   Comments Share: Related ARIA Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Climbs 250 Points; Impax Labs Shares Down Following Q3 Results 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday Related BMY Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? The Election Can't Come Soon Enough For Biotechs Bristol-Myers cancer drug combo shows promise (Seeking Alpha) The ESMO 2016 Oncology Conference took place over the weekend in Copenhagen, Denmark. News out of the conference is making a big splash in the market on Monday. Here’s a look at what you may have missed. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY) shares are down 10.17 percent after the company reported worse-than-expected results related to cancer drug Opdivo. While monotherapy may not work out for Bristol-Myers, Goldman Sachs still believes combination therapy data is compelling. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) pushed Bristol-Myers shares down even more on Monday by reporting extremely positive results for Keytruda. Keytruda reduced patient deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone and cut disease progression in half. Merck shares are up 2.1 percent. TESARO Inc (NASDAQ: TSRO) shares are skyrocketing 22.5 percent on Monday morning following ESMO. Data from the conference indicates that the company’s Phase 3 drug candidate Niraparib has wide-reaching efficacy among ovarian cancer patients and could be granted broad labeling as well. Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ: OMED) are in the green by 5.91 percent on Monday after the company reported positive Phase Ib data on drug candidates ipafricept and vantictumab. The company suggested both candidates are ready for Phase II testing. Related Link: Ariad Pharmaceuticals Raises Cancer Drug Price For The 4th Time This Year Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARIA) shares are up 6.1 percent after the company released positive Phase I/II data on Brigatinib in patients with anaplastic lymphoma kinase-positive advanced non-small cell lung cancer. The drug demonstrated at least 62 percent response rate at all dose levels tested. Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) shares are up a modest 0.3 percent on Monday after the company announced Phase III S-TRAC clinical data on Sutent. The drug increased survival for more than one year compared to placebo in patients at a high risk for recurrence after surgical resection of real cell carcinoma. Exelixis, Inc. (NASDAQ: EXEL) opened up higher on Monday but have since reversed, dropping 2.4 percent. The company announced Phase II data on Cabometyx in treating metastatic kidney cancer patients. Exlixis reported 31 percent less disease progression than Pfizer’s competing drug Sutent. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: cancerBiotech News Health Care Events Movers Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (ARIA + BMY) Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Climbs 250 Points; Impax Labs Shares Down Following Q3 Results 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday Mid-Day Market Update: Dow Surges Over 100 Points; Coty Shares Slide Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session Benzinga's Top Initiations View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on ARIA Trending Recent 1 DIS, T: Bob Iger Hinted At Disney's Next M&A Move And It Could Be A Big One 2 AAPL, MSFT: Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks 3 TSLA, NVDA: NVIDIA's Blowout Quarter Helps It Remain A Top Pi... 4 TWMJF, APHQF: Marijuana Legalization And A Republican Go... 5 TREE, FB: 'Trump And Dump' Scenari... 6 SBUX, AZSEY: Here's What Some T... 7 SPY, SPX: Jeffrey Gundlac... 1 TRUE, GOOG: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 2 DIS, TWX: The Simpsons And 7 Great TV Shows That Went On For Too Long 3 BABA: Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba 4 DIS: The Disney Story Just Became All About 2018 5 GOOG, SNE: 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear 6 GOOGL, GOOG: YouTube's CEO On Why The Video... 7 DCT, TWMJF: Marijuana Legalization An... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Marathon Petroleum Offers 3 Reasons To Buy Now Stock Index Futures Higher; Nasdaq 100 Futures New Contract highs
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Crowds disrupt traffic in San Francisco following another day of Peaceful, positive demonstrations against Trump in SF, Oakland Veterans Day Parade at Fisherman’s Wharf draws thousands Leon Russell, producer and performer of major rock hits, dies Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors 49ers take step forward in last-second loss to Cardinals Cal’s Webb takes blame for loss as short-handed defense Warriors’ Steve Kerr impressed by Clippers Warriors game day: Can Golden State outrun Suns? Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Blizzard plans ‘Overwatch’ league with video game fans This week: Guns, Facebook death scare, Trump’s no-fly zone For sale: old Levi’s, Chipotle burgers, lightly used trade deal Facebook’s domination of social media continues Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Loving’ a strong drama about a landmark case The latest from Dear Abby Women a focus of 14th SF South Asian Film Festival Broadway tour’s fresh take on Maria in ‘Music’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating The Saratoga opens in the Tenderloin The Mission’s La Victoria plots a bar: Santo Kenzo opens next week in Napa, with menu that starts at $225 Bay Area breweries with the best thirst-quenching tours Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump 9 of the weirdest classic Thanksgiving recipes The Chronicle has Baby animals are here to soothe your troubled mind Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Anderson Marsh: 1 state park preserves 3 histories One day, one place: Lake County’s Kelseyville Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions There are more rich renters in SF than homeowners Walk-through: Contemporary Victorian in Cole Valley Escape to the Cape without leaving SF with this sunny, shingled Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview When reading your resume, the first 20 seconds count for Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.businessinsider.com/pembrolizumab-cancer-immunotherapy-2016-10?utm_source=hearst&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=allverticals A new kind of drug is working better than chemotherapy in some lung cancer patients (BMY, MRK) Lydia Ramsey, provided by Published 6:48 am, Monday, October 10, 2016 University of Pennsylvania via Microbe World / Flickr For people with advanced forms of lung cancer, chemotherapy might not be the only — or even the best — option.  The drug, marketed as Keytruda, is one of a new set of drugs called immunotherapy. The drug targets the programmed cell death 1 (or PD-1) receptor and allows the body's own immune system go after the cancer cells. Merck, the maker of Keytruda, just finished a new trial on the drug, for patients who haven't yet been treated for advanced non-small cell lung cancer. The results are published in the New England Journal of Medicine, and were presented at the European Society for Medical Oncology conference. About a third of all these patients with non-small cell lung cancer have cells that express at least 50% of this PD-L1 protein (which relates to the PD-1 receptor the drug is targeting).  The 305 patients who took part in the trial were either assigned Keytruda or platinum-based chemotherapy. Progression-free survival — a clinical endpoint that basically means the cancer hasn't grown — was a median of 10.3 months in those who received Keytruda, while those in the chemotherapy group had a median progression-free survival of 6 months. The overall survival rate at six months for those on Keytruda was 80.2%, while it was 72% for chemotherapy. "All these data taken together really represent a sea change in the treatment of the lung cancer patient," Merck's senior vice president of clinical development, Roy Baynes told Business Insider, referring to this trial, as well as another that looked at what happens when chemotherapy is combined with immunotherapy. This is the first randomized controlled trial to show that immunotherapy is better than standard chemotherapy as a first treatment for people with this type of lung cancer, he said. Steep competition Keytruda isn't the only PD-1 drug trying to prove it works for this group of lung cancer patients. In August, Bristol-Myers Squibb, a company with a competing drug called Opdivo said its version of the study didn't hit its primary endpoint of progression-free survival in patients with at least 5% PD-L1 expression in tumors (a wider net than what Merck's was looking at). Bristol-Myers also presented data at the ESMO conference and fell short of expectations that it would at least do well in patients with high levels of PD-L1 protein. The company's stock was down 8% Monday morning, while Merck was up 2%.  Both Opdivo (nivolumab) and Keytruda (pembrolizumab) are approved for a seemingly ever-growing list of cancer types. And they're not cheap. Opdivo brought in $840 million in second-quarter sales alone, while Keytruda made $314 million over the same time period. "It might well be that Keytruda monotherapy in high PDL1 expressers remains the go-to regimen, representing a high bar for combination therapy to cross," Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson said in a note Friday, before the full data was released. But, although there is a lot of excitement over new immunotherapies like these two, there's still a lot that needs to be figured out about how these treatments work and who will respond to them.  "Immunotherapy with checkpoint inhibitors will displace chemotherapy in yet another subset of patients with lung cancer," Dr. Bruce Johnson of the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute wrote in an editorial published Sunday in NEJM. "We await the results of long-term follow-up of large cohorts of patients who were treated with another checkpoint inhibitor, nivolumab, to see whether the initial survival data advantage in the population translates to survival of 20% or greater at 3 years and beyond." Join the conversation about this story » NOW WATCH: The world’s largest pyramid is not in Egypt See Also: A decorated scientist has ignited a passionate debate with claims that the founders of Chinese civilization were not Chinese MELANIA TRUMP RESPONDS: 'Unacceptable and offensive to me' REBELLION: RNC staffers 'defying orders' to keep working for Trump, source says SEE ALSO: We’re still using the 'Model T' of antibiotics — here’s why that’s a problem DON'T MISS: The 10 most expensive drugs in the US Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTS IN BAY AREA Crowds shut down parts of Market Street Peaceful Trump protesters form human chain around Lake Merritt Conway: It's up to Clinton, Obama to calm Trump protesters Latest News UC Berkeley police investigate election-related hate crime Air New Zealand offers election-sick Americans $399 flights Suspect in killing of Stanislaus County sheriff deputy in custody Here comes supermoon! Closest in nearly 69 years Highway 1 reopened at Devil's Slide after fire Veterans Day Parade in SF draws thousands Investigation: UC Berkeley professor sexually harassed student Parolee leads Sonoma County officers in vehicle pursuit Trump tells supporters to stop harassment Trump names alt-right media owner to senior White House role Trump plans to deport up to 3 million ‘criminal’ immigrants Donald Trump spars with New York Times (again) 49ers take step forward in last-second loss to Cardinals 49ers RB Hyde returns from injury Biden memes on Trump give America much-needed laugh Chappelle and Rock give hilarious take on election night 12 movies worth seeing this holiday season Worth seeing at the movies, Nov. 11 Today's Gate Features Scenes from the Paris attacks, 1 year later The lowest-paying college majors Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Your pearly whites will glow with this high-tech electric... Enjoy the taste of summer year round with this smokeless... Most Popular 1 Confederate flags shock viewers at Petaluma Veterans Day parade 2 ‘Silicon Valley’ Stars Harassed By Trump Supporters in Bar 3 ‘SNL': Watch Kate McKinnon Sing Leonard Cohen’s... 4 Hillary Clinton's lead in popular vote could grow to more than... 5 Garrison Keillor: Done. Over. He's here. Goodbye. 6 Mountain View teacher suspended for comparing Trump to Hitler 7 Warriors’ JaVale McGee in line for expanded role 8 More hit streets in SF, Oakland to protest Trump 9 Donald Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare 10 Peaceful, positive demonstrations against Trump in SF, Oakland Latest News UC Berkeley police investigate election-related hate crime Air New Zealand offers election-sick Americans $399 flights Suspect in killing of Stanislaus County sheriff deputy in custody Here comes supermoon! Closest in nearly 69 years Highway 1 reopened at Devil's Slide after fire Veterans Day Parade in SF draws thousands Investigation: UC Berkeley professor sexually harassed student Parolee leads Sonoma County officers in vehicle pursuit View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Research Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? IBD Industry Themes Merck Topples Bristol-Myers On Lung Cancer Drug Win Lung cancer trial results showed a win for Merck and a loss for Bristol-Myers. (tycoon101 - Fotolia/stock.adobe.com) ALLISON GATLIN 10/10/2016 Reprints Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) stock crashed to a two-year low Monday after competitor Merck (MRK) unveiled Phase 3 results showing lung-cancer drug Keytruda is twice as effective as chemotherapy, sparking its stock to a breakout. By the closing bell on the stock market today, Bristol-Myers Squibb stock plunged 10.1% to end trading at 49.81. Merck stock, on the other hand, lifted as much as 3.3% to a 15-year high near 65, and ended Monday trading up 1.8% to 63.90. Shares briefly hit a 64.10 entry point out of a flat base, adding to a 19% gain since January. New buys, though, are risky in the current volatile market environment. IBD'S TAKE: Merck stock is in a buy zone, but it's far from alone. Check out IBD's Stocks Near Buy Zone to find out which players are recommended bets. Shares ramped on Merck's presentation at the 2016 European Society of Medical Oncology conference in Copenhagen. There, Merck unveiled the results of Phase 3 testing for Keytruda, a drug to treat non-small cell lung cancer. Keytruda, alone, extended progression-free survival to 10.3 months vs. six months with chemotherapy for lung cancer patients expressing a specific type of protein, Merck said. Merck also combined Keytruda with Eli Lilly's (LLY) chemo drug Alimta. In that study, 55% of patients responded to the combination vs. 29% of patients receiving chemo. Median progression-free survival was 4.1 months longer on the combo. Bristol-Myers Squibb's nivolumab, a rival treatment for lung cancer, showed "virtually no benefit," Evercore ISI analyst John Scotti wrote in a research report. That "left investors scratching their heads," he said. Credit Suisse analyst Vamil Divan expects Merck to take a major leadership position in the lung-tumor market vs. Bristol-Myers, AstraZeneca (AZN) and Roche (RHHBY). Though, he says, Roche might pile on some pressure with its Tecentriq. Tecentriq has shown an overall survival benefit in second-line lung cancer regardless protein expression, he wrote. He estimates $3 billion in peak sales with a 60% probability of success. RBC analyst Michael Yee expects Celgene (CELG) to fly on the potential for chemo-combos like the one Merck tested with Keytruda. He sees Celgene growing its revenue if only 30% of the first-line lung cancer patients are treated with chemo-combos. In other news from the conference, Credit Suisse's Divan expects Novartis (NVS) to face some pressure post-ESMO. Novartis' drug to combat metastatic breast cancer is as effective as Pfizer's (PFE) Ibrance, but has some serious safety concerns. "While efficacy appears in line with Ibrance, safety observations of Hy's law (risk of fatal drug-induced liver injury) and QTc prolongation (mild cardiac arrhythmia) may put the drug at a disadvantage to Pfizer's Ibrance or Eli Lilly's Abemaciclib, which may be approved in 2017," he wrote. Novartis stock lost 0.7% to end Monday trades at 77.75. Bristol-Myers, Eli Lilly, AstraZeneca, Roche, Pfizer, Novartis and Merck are in IBD's ethical drugs industry group. The group has been slumping, ranked No. 142 out of 197. RELATED: Celgene's Trio Of New Drugs Could Tack On $3 Billion-Plus: RBC Amgen, Biogen, Gilead Could Spike VA Pricing To Skirt California Measure Roche Drug Scores In Lung Cancer, Challenging Bristol-Myers ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Can the Trump rally turn into a longer-lasting move? The market could use a doubt-eliminating leap. (iStockphoto) Nasdaq, Dow Go Separate Ways; Stock Rotation Underway 11/10/2016 Internet tech stocks took a drubbing Thursday, as money moved into banks and infrastructure plays. 11/10/2016 Internet tech stocks took a drubbing Thursday, as money moved... Pfizer Spikes On Report It's Mulling $14 Billion Consumer Care Sale Dow Holds Near Record High But Alphabet, Facebook, Other Techs Sag Dow Hits All-Time High; Financials Lead Again; Macy's, Kohl's Up Big Stocks Open With Dow At Record High; Pfizer, Taser, Kohl's Climb Trump Election Lights A Firecracker Under Key Stocks Drug Stocks Rally On Relief Clinton Didn't Win White House Trump Victory, Agenda Likely To Spur Lasting Stock Market Rally Stocks Pare Gains As Market Adjusts To Trump Victory; Banking Stocks Rise Today's Spotlight Las Vegas Traders Expo Join IBD for free investing workshops and get product trying at our booth. Portfolio Management Webinar Join us and learn how to maximize your results by rotating cash into your best-performing stocks. Try SwingTrader Free Our new product applies IBD’s CAN SLIM Investing System to help you capture short term trends. More News President-elect Donald Trump smiles as he arrives to speak at an election night rally in New York on Nov. 9, 2016. (AP) The Case For A Trump Bull Market In Stocks JPMorgan and other financials had strong Q3 results, with investors betting on much better days ahead. (iStockphoto) Profit Recession Over, Here Comes The Best Earnings Growth Since 2014 Get the #1 trading app in the App Store from TD Ameritrade Promoted Content By TD Ameritrade Special Report Today's advisors harness technology to enhance almost every aspect of their practice. (Jeff Goertzen) Financial Advisors See why becoming tech savvy is a must for today's successful financial advisors. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 42-54 We set you thinking Sunday 13 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World - 1479022876 World South Korean prosecutors to question president this week over political scandal: Yonhap 1479020946 China&India Australia’s Crown says China releases 1 of 18 detained casino employees 1479021373 Lifestyle CoverGirl signs its first ambassador in a hijab 1479021076 World Former air force commander tipped to win Bulgarian presidency 1479019809 Singapore No reason for US and S’pore defence ties to diminish: Ng Eng Hen 1479018960 Lifestyle Learning the art of people-watching in Singapore 1478868360 World India central bank attempts to calm fears around currency shortage 1479017817 World Eight dead in clashes between Myanmar army and militants in Rakhine 1479016802 Business South Korea prosecutors question heads of conglomerates in probe over political scandal: Yonhap 1479017033 World Australia's Crown says China releases one of 18 detained casino employees 1479015200 China&India As Delhi chokes, farmers defend scorched earth policy 1479016278 World Iraqi Kurds' destruction of Arab villages could be war crime: HRW 1479014269 World Venezuela government, opposition reach tentative deals in dialogue 1479014606 World Colombia, rebels agree revised peace deal to end 52-year war 1479004106 World Australia, U.S. announce refugee resettlement deal 1479007060 World Sting reopens Paris' Bataclan hall on anniversary of militant attack 1478993619 Business Honda plans to produce 80 business jets annually by March 2019 1479008421 Entertainment Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum 1479006360 Business U.S. banks' post-election rally may be just an appetizer 1478913656 World U.S. to push ahead on climate pact before Trump takes over: Kerry 1479003961 World Abe aims to underscore importance of Japan-U.S. alliance with Trump 1479003189 Lifestyle Diana Ser: Here’s how to ruin your painstakingly plotted family vacation 1478858760 World South Korea's Park faces calls to resign at huge protest rally 1478994016 Lifestyle Vive La France 1478865360 World Britain's Brexit firebrand Farage meets Trump in New York 1478997809 Business U.S. regulator has opened Audi investigation: Bild am Sonntag 1478994572 World Blast at Pakistan shrine kills 52, wounds scores 1478986508 Business Toyota to settle U.S. truck rust lawsuit for up to $3.4 billion 1478992590 World Moscow calling as Moldovans vote in presidential runoff 1478988278 World Vintage biplanes attempt Greece-South Africa imperial route 1478988775 Singapore PM Lee to attend leaders’ retreat with Jokowi 1478988000 World Turkey issues warning over travel to U.S. after Trump protests 1478982461 World Venetians pack their bags as tourism takes its toll 1478975725 World Iraqi army says advances in Mosul, despite suicide bombers 1478968912 World Taliban bomber kills four Americans at NATO base in Afghanistan 1478980473 Business Lego ends Daily Mail toy giveaway after protest on migrant coverage 1478982721 World Italy's Northern League leader Salvini says will run for PM 1478974360 World France condemns attack on NATO base in Afghanistan 1478970398 World Bangladesh retrieves a fifth of $81 million stolen in cyber heist 1478972810 World Islamic State victims suffer as evidence of chemical attacks grows 1478969600 World Ex-Congo rebel leader missing, gunfire erupts in border town 1478970335 World Islamic State claims Pakistan shrine attack that killed at least 25 people 1478968374 World Palestinian leadership tensions flare amid Arafat death anniversary 1478968318 World Syrian army and allies make gains in Aleppo 1478951500 World Philippine leader threatens tough measures to boost drugs war 1478965056 World Turkey halts activities of 370 groups as purge widens 1478960999 Business Ford to resume 24-hour shift in Brazil plant, paper says 1478959827 World Powerful tycoon sees Moldova sticking to EU path regardless of election outcome 1478958971 World Hundreds of Boko Haram fighters surrender in Chad: sources 1478957416 Business Bristol lung-cancer setback puts rival Merck drug in driver seat A trader passes by a screen displaying the tickers symbols for Bristol-Myers Squibb and Intelsat, Ltd. on the floor at the New York Stock Exchange. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:10 AM, October 11, 2016 Updated: 1:50 PM, October 11, 2016 New data is likely to prompt doctors to abandon Bristol-Myers Squibb's immunotherapy Opdivo in favor of Merck & Co's rival Keytruda in a large segment of the lucrative lung cancer market, analysts said on Monday. The results of a closely watched clinical trial sent Bristol's shares plunging 10 percent. The data, presented at a medical meeting on Sunday, showed that lung cancer patients fared worse on Opdivo than those on chemotherapy. Merck shares rose nearly 2 percent on strong benefits shown by Keytruda in a similar late-stage lung cancer study. Both trials tested the drugs that help the immune system to recognize and fight cancer as an initial treatment for advanced lung cancer. They are already approved for patients whose disease had progressed following chemotherapy, but approval as a so called first-line therapy could greatly increase the number of patients taking them. Opdivo had been considered the leader among the new class of medicines. It generated $840 million of sales in the second quarter, more than double those of Keytruda. The view of the rival drugs began to change in August, with the surprise announcement by Bristol-Myers that Opdivo had failed to best older chemotherapies in the Phase III trial. Details of the trial unveiled at the European Society for Medical Oncology meeting in Copenhagen only heightened those concerns. Patients on Opdivo went 4.2 months before their disease worsened versus 5.9 months for those on chemo, although the difference was not deemed statistically significant. "This data represented a worst-case scenario for Opdivo," Sanford Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson said in a research note. The Opdivo trial enrolled patients regardless of their tumor's level of PD-L1 expression, a protein targeted by the drug whose presence may help identify those most likely to benefit from treatment with the new medicines. Meanwhile, researchers reported that Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression in previously untreated patients, and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy. Patients in the Merck trial were only enrolled if they were shown to have high levels of PD-L1, a narrower segment of the lung cancer population than those in the Bristol-Myers study. "Merck will completely 'own' the segment of first-line lung cancer patients who have high PD-L1 expression levels, and Bristol Myers will capture nothing really," Anderson said. Doctors are allowed to prescribe medicines for not yet approved uses, but analysts said they expect current off-label prescribing of Opdivo in first-line lung cancer to dry up now. In addition, competition in second-line lung cancer is soon expected to intensify with the anticipated approval of Roche's immunotherapy Tecentriq, which is now approved to treat bladder cancer. Both Keytruda and Tecentriq are given every three weeks, while Opdivo is administered every two weeks, which is seen as a convenience disadvantage. "The nearly inexplicable failure of (Opdivo) at every level of PD-L1 expression ... puts Merck in the driver's seat in first-line lung cancer for at least the next 12-18 months," said Leerink Partners analyst Seamus Fernandez. Calling the Keytruda data "stunning,” Fernandez said, "We fully expect Merck to retain a significant place at the table long term." Bristol shares, which had already lost one quarter of their value since the initial trial data was disclosed in August, fell 10 percent $49.85, while Merck shares were up 1.7 percent at $63.84 after earlier rising more than 3 percent to a near 15-year high. Opdivo is also approved for advanced melanoma, kidney cancer and a type of Hodgkin lymphoma, while Keytruda is also approved for advanced melanoma, plus head and neck cancer. But lung cancer is considered by far the biggest market for cancer drugs. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 With dollars scarce, Egypt's newly floated pound weakens While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What next for Singapore’s private housing market? What are the differences leading a start-up vs an MNC? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Wall Street soars as investors see higher chance of Clinton win Wall Street gains as traders bet on Clinton triumph Inside Today World - South Korean prosecutors to question president this week over political scandal: Yonhap Former air force commander tipped to win Bulgarian presidency India central bank attempts to calm fears around currency shortage South Korea prosecutors question heads of conglomerates in probe over political scandal: Yonhap Business South Korea prosecutors question heads of conglomerates in probe over political scandal: Yonhap Honda plans to produce 80 business jets annually by March 2019 U.S. regulator has opened Audi investigation: Bild am Sonntag Toyota to settle U.S. truck rust lawsuit for up to $3.4 billion Lego ends Daily Mail toy giveaway after protest on migrant coverage Sports Local MMA fighters do Singapore proud at ONE: Defending Honor S’pore’s junior shuttlers edged out at world meet Wenger says fielding injured Sanchez would be a suicidal move Goal-shy Lions hope to find scoring boots in time for Suzuki Cup Community engagement key in Sports Hub’s efforts to entice S’poreans Entertainment Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests New NLB free app offers unlimited downloads for selected titles The cheat sheet to French films Leonard Cohen, writer of 'Hallelujah', dead at age 82 About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money How to Invest in Trump World DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Merck Solidifies Lung Cancer Immunotherapy Lead Over Bristol-Myers Squibb Merck's Keytruda works in first-line lung cancer, Bristol's Opdivo does not. Adam Feuerstein Oct 9, 2016 7:50 AM EDT Merck (MRK) will emerge victorious from a European medical conference this weekend with the only immunotherapy, Keytruda, shown to significantly delay tumor growth and extend the lives of patients with newly diagnosed non-small cell lung cancer compared to chemotherapy. Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) leaves the same conference with a competing immunotherapy, Opdivo, that's a total failure in newly diagnosed lung cancer. There was speculation Bristol might salvage something positive for Opdivo from the negative clinical trial first announced in August. That didn't happen, so now Bristol is in a bad place. Bristol has already lost $32 billion in market value since announcing in August the failure of the Opdivo front-line lung cancer trial. In the same time period, Merck's market value has increased by $14 billion.This weekend's cancer immunotherapy duel isn't likely to reverse that valuation trend. Keytruda and Opdivo are both highly effective and commercially successful drugs which harness a patient's immune system to kill a growing list of cancer types. Both drugs are even effective in treating patients with lung cancer that no longer responds to prior therapies. However, in newly diagnosed lung cancer, a commercial market opportunity that could reach $8 billion in sales annually, Merck's Keytruda works and Bristol's Opdivo does not. Why? Because Bristol gambled big by testing Opdivo in a broad population of new lung cancer patients. The bet blew up. Merck played conservative, choosing to target a smaller group of lung cancer patients with a biomarker suggesting Keytruda would be more effective. Merck's strategy paid off. Keytruda and Opdivo belong to a class of drugs known as checkpoint inhibitors. They work by blocking the interaction between PD-L1, a protein found on the surface of tumor cells, with PD-1, a receptor found on immune cells. Blocking the PD-1/PD-L1 connection allows a patient's immune system to recognize and kill cancer cells. Merck restricted enrollment in its phase III study to previously untreated patients with at least 50% of lung tumors cells expressing PD-L1. Approximately one-third of newly diagnosed lung cancer patients have this biomarker. The patients were randomized to receive treatment with Keytruda or a physician's choice of five different chemotherapy regimens. For the study's primary endpoint, Keytruda reduced the risk of tumor progression by 50% compared to chemotherapy. At the median, Keytruda delayed tumor growth by 10.3 months compared to 6 months for chemotherapy. Prev 0 of 3 Next If you liked this article you might like Global Week Ahead: Eurozone GDP and Banker Pow-Wow Deutsche Bank CEO Cryan will take center stage at a Frankfurt conference. Laura Board Nov 13, 2016 4:00 PM EST 'Mad Money' Lightning Round: Target, Amazon, Tesla Jim Cramer says take a pass on TGT and the dollar stores; look at AMZN instead. Scott Rutt Nov 11, 2016 6:00 AM EST Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: Ahead of Veterans Day, Cautious Optimism for Growth Jim Cramer honors veterans and those willing to invest in a brighter future for America. Scott Rutt Nov 10, 2016 8:55 PM EST Dow, Lifted by Financials, Finishes at Record High; Nasdaq Slips Wall Street runs at two speeds as a rally in financials sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average to close at records, while a selloff in tech sank the Nasdaq. Keris Alison Lahiff Nov 10, 2016 4:05 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending Moving to Canada After Trump's Election? Here's Your Real Estate Guide to the Great White North Apple's iPhone 8 Just Keeps Looking Better and Better With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy Pundits Just Don't Get It: Here Is the Real Reason Why Trump Won Higher Ed Advocates Alarmed by Trump's Department of Education Shutdown Talk Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Bristol Myers Squibb suffers again after more Keytruda success Bristol Myers Squibb suffers again after more Keytruda success Monday, 10 October 2016 Shares in Bristol Myers Squibb (NYSE: BMY) tumbled again as rival Merck's (NYSE:MRK) immunotherapy drug Keytruda.scored well in a clinical trial for lung cancer. Bristol Myers’ own immunotherapy treatment, Opdivo, failed its phase III trial for non-small cell lung cancer in August with no improvement in previously untreated patients. Over the weekend, however, Merck said that Keytruda halved the rate of disease progression and reduced the number of deaths by 40%. In combination with established chemotherapy drugs, meanwhile, it was twice as effective as chemotherapy alone. A spokesman for the university where the research was carried out said the results may have marked a new day for lung cancer treatment. Merck had already announced that Keytruda had performed well in the trial, but this was the first time the data had been published. Keytruda is part of the new wave of immunotherapy boosting treatments for cancer that enable the body to recognise rogue cells and destroy them. Lung cancer is seen a US$10bn plus market and while Opdivo is approved for other treatments, its failure here has wiped billions off Bristol Myer’s value. Shares today were 9% lower at US$50.3 as analysts suggested it may now never catch up Merck, with Keytruda set to become the new standard of care. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Business DONALD TRUMP's election has the Philippine president singing a different tune Wellington in shutdown after deadly EARTHQUAKE, but businesses 'resilient' TOYOTA agrees to $3.4bn rust dispute settlement in US NEW ZEALAND lags Wall St's euphoria Christopher Niesche: Oz snaps losing streak after US ELECTION Zuckerberg promises FACEBOOK action over fake news USGS: Magnitude 7.4 earthquake strikes near CHRISTCHURCH, New Zealand Banks 'will pull out of Britain' unless Theresa May sorts out post-BREXIT plan DOMINIC CHAPPELL arrested by HMRC over unpaid tax IRAQI FORCES Capture Nimrud, Drive Out Islamic State Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Lewis Hamilton Barack Obama Roddy Piper Leon Russell Current Topics House Chief 60 Minutes Supermoon Bulgaria Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Time To Get Animated: WhatsApp Now Supports GIFs Michael Moore's Five-Step 'Election Morning-After' Checklist Goes Viral MOVIE REVIEW: Trolls It's Official: The Simpsons Has More Episodes Than Any Other Scripted Show In History Donald Trumps Clinton: The 45th US President Emerges Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money How to Invest in Trump World DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Why Bristol-Myers (BMY) Stock Is Falling Today Bristol-Myers (BMY) stock is slumping on Monday after Merck (MRK) issued results from its Keytruda drug trial, which showed it was more effective than chemotherapy in reducing patients' lung cancer. Annie Palmer Oct 10, 2016 10:27 AM EDT NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) were retreating 9.34% to $50.26 on heavy trading volume mid-morning Monday after Merck (MRK) released positive results from its Keytruda lung cancer drug trial.  Bristol-Myers is developing a similar drug called Opdivo, which is for newly diagnosed non-small cell lung cancer patients. In August, the New York-based pharmaceutical company reported negative late-stage trial results for Opdivo when compared with chemotherapy.  The difference between the two trials is that Kenilworth, NJ-based Merck limited its study to patients with at least 50% of lung tumors containing PD-L1, a protein found on tumor cells. Opdivo included patients with tumors containing lower levels of PD-L1.  TheStreet's Adam Feuerstein said the risk of dying in the Bristol study was the same whether a patient was treated with Opdivo or chemo.  But Leerink believes Bristol-Myers can still compete with Merck despite the company's disappointing Opdivo results. Bristol-Myers said it "may have a fast track" to getting Opdivo approved, but Leerink noted that such a path seems "speculative" based on Merck's "stunning" Keytruda trial.  The firm has an "outperform" rating on Bristol-Myers stock. More than 17.33 million of Bristol-Myers' shares have changed hands so far today vs. its average volume of 11.99 million shares per day. (This stock is held in Jim Cramer's charitable trust Action Alerts PLUS. See all of his holdings with a free trial here.) Separately, TheStreet Ratings objectively rated this stock according to its "risk-adjusted" total return prospect over a 12-month investment horizon. Not based on the news in any given day, the rating may differ from Jim Cramer's view or that of this articles's author. Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like Drug and Biotech Stocks Rise as Price Clampdown Fears Ease Under Trump Presidency (Updated) How health care investors deal with Donald Trump as the next U.S. president and Republicans maintaining control of Congress is hard to forecast because few envisioned this scenario playing out. Adam Feuerstein Nov 9, 2016 9:48 AM EST 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Wednesday Stock futures are tumbling Wednesday but are well off their lows as Republican Donald Trump is elected the next president of the United States in a surprising victory. Joseph Woelfel Nov 9, 2016 5:34 AM EST NKE, AGN, NFLX: Jim Cramer's Views Cramer shares his views on price war victims. Nike, Allergan and Netflix are among the stocks discussed. Jim Cramer Nov 7, 2016 1:00 AM EST SBUX, AAPL, FB: Jim Cramer's Views Cramer shares his views on the rise of the stay-at-home consumer. Starbucks, Apple and Facebook are among the stocks discussed. Jim Cramer Nov 7, 2016 1:00 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending Moving to Canada After Trump's Election? Here's Your Real Estate Guide to the Great White North Apple's iPhone 8 Just Keeps Looking Better and Better With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy Pundits Just Don't Get It: Here Is the Real Reason Why Trump Won Higher Ed Advocates Alarmed by Trump's Department of Education Shutdown Talk Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
null
null
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Doctors grapple with best use of potent new cancer drugs Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States World News | Mon Oct 10, 2016 | 10:40am EDT Doctors grapple with best use of potent new cancer drugs left right A scientist prepares protein samples for analysis in a lab at the Institute of Cancer Research in Sutton, Britain, July 15, 2013. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth/File Photo 1/4 left right Protein analysis tubes are seen in a lab at the Institute of Cancer Research in Sutton, Britain, July 15, 2013. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth/File Photo 2/4 left right Cancer cells are seen on a large screen connected to a microscope at the CeBit computer fair in Hanover, Germany, March, 6, 2012. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer/File Photo 3/4 left right Sample analysis tubes are seen in a lab at the Institute of Cancer Research in Sutton, Britain, July 15, 2013. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth/File Photo 4/4 By Ben Hirschler | COPENHAGEN COPENHAGEN Evelyn O’Flynn still has lung cancer. But after going straight on to a new immune system-boosting drug more than a year ago, rather than traditional hard-to-tolerate chemotherapy, she is feeling great. "It’s like a miracle," said the 72-year-old ex-smoker, who is about to become a great-grandmother. As a patient being treated with Merck & Co's immunotherapy drug Keytruda, O’Flynn is one of the lucky ones. Data presented at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress suggest her early treatment with immunotherapy, as part of a clinical trial in Britain, will become standard for a growing number of patients. But there is a catch: it doesn't work for all. Giving immunotherapy on its own only seems to work better than chemotherapy in previously untreated lung cancer patients who have high levels of a protein called PD-L1, which makes them more receptive to immunotherapy. From now on, oncologists in Copenhagen have been told, lung cancer patients should be routinely tested for this biomarker. However, only a quarter to a third of non-small cell lung cancer patients have tumors with at least 50 percent of cells producing PD-L1, leaving the majority unserved and around 70 percent of the market still up for grabs. The inability to treat everyone with monotherapy using one single drug is a blow for Bristol, which tried to make treatment with its Opdivo drug work across the board, only to fail comprehensively in a major clinical trial. But it has opened up the field to rivals like Merck, Roche and AstraZeneca, which own what could be among the biggest-selling drugs of all time, and all companies are now racing to find smart ways to combine treatments. Oncologists poring over immunotherapy trial results at Europe's biggest cancer meeting have learnt one thing: finding optimal treatments for different patient groups will take more research. "I think the future of immunotherapy will be defined over the next 10 or 15 years," said lung cancer specialist Solange Peters from Lausanne University Hospital, one of the organizers of the Copenhagen meeting. Despite immunotherapy successes and the prospect of a potential market worth up to $40 billion in sales, veteran cancer experts urge caution. "In oncology, we see these kind of waves from cosmic pessimism to over-optimism, so we have to be cautious," ESMO President Fortunato Ciardiello said. Investors, though, were quick to position themselves as shares in Bristol fell 10 percent in early trade on Monday, while Merck hit its highest level since 2001. FIGHTING BACK By taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumors, immunotherapy offers a different approach to toxic chemotherapy treatment, which causes collateral damage to healthy tissue. It is not without side effects but it is a kinder option, which also promises much longer-lasting efficacy. Bristol, Merck and Roche have U.S. approval for immunotherapies, while Bristol and Merck also sell their drugs in Europe. China, however, has yet to license them. Lung cancer, the world's biggest cancer killer with an annual death toll of 1.6 million, will account for by far the largest portion of future prescriptions, although immunotherapy is used additionally in melanoma, Hodgkin lymphoma and cancers of the bladder, kidney, head and neck. With Merck set to sweep the board in lung cancer monotherapy, doctors are looking to the next phase of the story and there is a growing consensus that combination treatments are the future for remaining patients with lower PD-L1 levels. "Clearly, the race is on," said Jean-Charles Soria, a professor of medicine at France's Institut Gustave Roussy, of the looming battle for dominance in the combination market. In theory, researchers believe, it should be possible to get more people to respond by adding other drugs to the mix in order to coax the immune system to fight back against cancer cells. Most attention so far has been on combining two immunotherapies, although this raises questions over cost, with each medicine typically priced at $100,000 to $150,000 a year. The strategy creates an opportunity for AstraZeneca, which has lagged rivals so far but hopes to jump ahead with a drug cocktail that should report clinical results early next year. Bristol is chasing the same idea, although its double-immunotherapy trial is not expected to have results until 2018. But the ESMO meeting has also raised the prospect of another approach -- successfully combining immunotherapy and chemotherapy. A lot of scientists have been sceptical of this idea in the past, and there are still questions over whether patients will have a long-lasting response, but positive data from a mid-stage study at ESMO suggests the concept has real promise. Roche and Merck are both enthusiastic. Steering a path through all these permutations is going to be a challenge and ESMO's Ciardiello says the cancer community must await more clinical trial results over the next few years. "I think we live in great times for rendering cancer a curable disease but it will take time because the more we learn, the more we understand that it is hugely complex," he told Reuters. $30-40 BILLION SALES While nobody yet knows what the "gold standard" treatment regimen is going to be, it is already clear this new generation of drugs is going to be big. "Every time we come back to the immunotherapy market we are amazed at just how large the opportunity is," said Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez, who sees combined annual sales of $30 billion to $40 billion for drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo, as well as rivals from Roche, AstraZeneca and Pfizer. How the market will ultimately divide between companies is still unclear but Merck certainly emerges from the past weekend in Copenhagen as the main winner. That underscores a shift in expectations that has been evident since August, when Bristol first revealed its monotherapy trial had failed. British patient O'Flynn, whose tumors shrunk dramatically, is just glad she has a chance to try something new. "My brother had cancer and he had chemotherapy, which was very gruelling. But I haven't experienced any real side effects, apart from a bit of tiredness." (Reporting by Ben Hirschler, editing by Peter Millership) Next In World News Migrants stopped at Serbia's border with Croatia ZAGREB A group of migrants who had marched for two days from the Serbian capital Belgrade were stopped on Sunday at the border with Croatia, a European Union member which said would not allow illegal crossings. Trial to begin of man accused of murdering British lawmaker before Brexit vote LONDON The trial of the man accused of murdering British lawmaker Jo Cox a week before Britain voted in June's referendum on membership of the European Union is due to begin on Monday. Israeli ministers defy Netanyahu over settlement evacuation JERUSALEM An Israeli ministerial committee on Sunday defied Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and voted to support a bill to allow settlers in the occupied West Bank to remain in homes built on privately owned Palestinian land. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Unexploded bombs in Laos Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»AMGEN AKTIE»Research and Markets - Global $248.7 Billion Protein Drugs Markets and Manufacturing Technologies, 2020: Major Players Include Eli Lilly & Co, Abbvie F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Sanofi, Novo Nordisk, Novartis, Merck & Co. & Amgen AMGEN INC 136,50  Euro -2,30 -1,66 % WKN: 867900  ISIN: US0311621009 Ticker-Symbol: AMG  Xetra | 11.11.16 | 16:33 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BrancheBiotechnologie AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 S&P 100 S&P 500 NASDAQ Biotech 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 135,99 138,73 13.11. 137,18 137,59 11.11. 10.10.2016 | 15:11 (125 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Research and Markets - Global $248.7 Billion Protein Drugs Markets and Manufacturing Technologies, 2020: Major Players Include Eli Lilly & Co, Abbvie F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Sanofi, Novo Nordisk, Novartis, Merck & Co. & Amgen DUBLIN, October 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Dublin - Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Markets and Manufacturing Technologies for Protein Drugs" report to their offering. The global protein drugs market reached nearly $174.7 billion in 2015 and should reach nearly $248.7 billion by 2020 at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 7.3% through 2020. The scope of this study covers manufacturing of protein drugs technologies. Each market and its applications, regulatory environment, technology, market projections and market shares were analyzed. Technological issues include the latest trends and developments. This report covers the currently used six techniques in manufacturing of protein therapeutics, which includes fractionation from natural human/animal sources, microbial fermentation, cell culture, chemical synthesis, transgenics and embryonated eggs. The emerging market for enzyme inhibitors includes countries such as India, China, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, Canada, Africa, Australia and New Zealand. The protein drugs that are covered in this report are monoclonal antibodies, cytokines, peptide antibiotics, vaccines, enzymes and blood factors. The market is also analyzed on the basis of the manufacturing process used in making therapeutic protein drugs. Also included in the report are relevant patent analysis and comprehensive profiles of companies that lead the manufacturing of the protein drug industry. Some of the major players of the market include Eli Lilly & Co. Abbvie Inc. F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd Sanofi S.A Novo Nordisk AG Novartis AG Merck & Co. Merck KGaA Amgen Inc. This report will provide: An overview of the markets for each major class of protein in the segments therapeutic monoclonal antibodies, cytokines, peptide hormones, vaccines, and blood products Analyses of global market trends, with data from 2014, estimates for 2015, and projections of compound annual growth rates (CAGRs) through 2020 Discussion covering the strength and weaknesses of each type of technology in light of the new technologies, growing competition, and changing customer needs Examinations of current successes, including the size and sales forecast for each class in the next five years Evaluation of challenges such as delivery methods and side effects Consideration of issues regarding add-on products and patent protection Company profiles of major players Key Topics Covered: Chapter 1: Introduction Chapter 2: Executive Summary Chapter 3: Overview History Pharmacological Classification Of Therapeutic Proteins Molecular Classification Of Therapeutic Proteins Manufacturing Technologies Chapter 4: Regulatory Aspects Monoclonal Antibodies Therapeutic Enzymes Cytokines Peptide Hormones Vaccines Blood Products Peptide Antibiotics Recalls Safety Alerts Chapter 5: New Developments Monoclonal Antibodies Vaccines Cytokines Peptide Hormones Peptide Antibiotics Therapeutic Enzymes Blood Products Mergers And Acquisitions Chapter 6: Market Analysis By Type Chapter 7: Market Analysis By Manufacturing Process Chapter 8: Industry Structure Peptide Hormones Vaccines Therapeutic Enzymes Monoclonal Antibodies Cytokines Blood Factors Peptide Antibiotics Chapter 9: Patent Analysis Patents By Year Patents By Type Patents By Company Patents By Country Patents By Assignee Chapter 10: Current Situation Factors Affecting The Protein Therapeutic Market Chapter 11: Company Profiles Abbvie Inc. Actavis Inc. Alexion Pharmaceuticals Allergan PLC Amgen Inc Apotex Inc. Baxalta Inc Bayer Pharma AG Biogen Inc. Biomarin Pharmaceutical Inc Biotest Pharmaceuticals Corp. Bristol-Myers Squibb CSL Limited ELI Lilly F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG Fresenius Kabi USA Glaxosmithkline Grifols USA LLC Hospira Inc Johnson & Johnson Medimmune Llc Merck & Co, Inc Merck KGAA Mylan Inc. Novartis AG Novo Nordisk AG Octapharma AG Pfizer Inc Protein Sciences Corp. Revo Biologics Inc. Sandoz Sanofi Inc Seattle Genetics Inc. Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc Takeda Pharmaceutical U.S.A., Inc UCB Company Shire PLC (Viropharm Inc.) Vertex Pharmaceuticals For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/4hf2x2/global_markets Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu ABBVIE INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Fr AbbVie's hepatitis C treatment shows promise ► Artikel lesen Fr Citigroup Inc. Reaffirms "Buy" Rating for AbbVie Inc. ► Artikel lesen Fr BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for AbbVie Inc. ► Artikel lesen Fr AbbVie's next-generation pan-genotypic HCV regimen shows cure rates as high as 99% after eight weeks ► Artikel lesen Fr AbbVie (ABBV) Updates on Glecaprevir/Pibrentasvir Treatment Regiment in HCV; High SVR12 Rates Noted at 8 Weeks ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu AMGEN INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 02:07 Late-stage study shows Amgen and UCB's romosozumab significantly increases bone mineral density in men with osteoporosis ► Artikel lesen 01:43 Amgen's Parsabiv OK'd in Europe ► Artikel lesen So AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet THOUSAND OAKS (dpa-AFX) - Amgen's (AMGN) phase III study of investigational drug Romosozumab in men with osteoporosis has achieved the primary endpoint.In the study, dubbed BRIDGE, Romosozumab... ► Artikel lesen Sa Amgen Inc. Shares Sold by Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. ► Artikel lesen Fr Amgen (AMGN) Reports EC Approval for Parsabiv to Treat sHPT in Adults with CKD ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu ELI LILLY AND COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten So Zacks Investment Management Has $14,712,000 Position in Eli Lilly and Co. ► Artikel lesen Fr Lilly's Lartruvo get EU nod for soft tissue sarcoma ► Artikel lesen Do Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Gets Dedicated Humulin R U-500 Insulin Syringe From Becton Dickinson ► Artikel lesen Do Eli Lilly and Co. Rating Reiterated by Citigroup Inc. ► Artikel lesen Do BD debuts dedicated syringe for Eli Lilly's high-dose insulin ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu MERCK & CO INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 02:43 Merck's triple combo HCV candidate achieves cure rates as high as 100% in mid-stage studies ► Artikel lesen So 1832 Asset Management L.P. Raises Stake in Merck & Co. ► Artikel lesen Fr BMS' Opdivo evens the head-and-neck cancer score with Merck's Keytruda ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck & Co. EVP Sells €5,133,090.46 in Stock ► Artikel lesen Fr Why You Should (and Shouldn't) Buy Merck ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu NOVARTIS AG Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 01:04 Novartis International AG: Novartis improves ranking in 2016 Access to Medicine Index Novartis International AG / Novartis improves ranking in 2016 Access to Medicine Index . Processed and transmitted by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of... ► Artikel lesen So dpa-AFX-Überblick: UNTERNEHMEN - Die wichtigsten Meldungen vom Wochenende: VOLKSWAGEN, AUDI, DEUTSCHE PFANDBRIEFBANK, NOVARTIS, ROCHE 'BamS': US-Umweltbehörde EPA prüft Audi-Software BERLIN - Die US-Umweltbehörde EPA nimmt eine möglicherweise illegale Software-Funktion in Modellen der VW -Tochter Audi einem Medienbericht... ► Artikel lesen So Novartis-Chef denkt an Verkauf der Augenheilsparte Alcon ► Artikel lesen So Ex-Novartis-Boss überrascht: Vasella kritisiert hohe Medikamentenpreise ► Artikel lesen So Novartis-Chef denkt an Verkauf der Augenheilsparte Alcon: Gerade erst hat der Schweizer Pharmakonzern ... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu NOVO NORDISK A/S Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten So "Novo Nordisk: Ein echter Trump-Profiteur!" Die Kakophonie der Medien zur US-Präsidentschaftswahl klingt langsam ab. Anleger sollten sich nun dem Tagesgeschäft wieder widmen. Doch bei einigen Unternehmen hat die US-Wahl einen direkten Einfluss... ► Artikel lesen So Novo Nordisk: This Is All You Need To Know Right Now ► Artikel lesen Sa BRIEF-Novo's Tresiba shows lower variability in glucose-lowering effect in study ► Artikel lesen Fr Novo Nordisk Has Returned 32.1% Since SmarTrend Recommendation ► Artikel lesen Fr Why Novo Nordisk A/S Stock Dropped 13.6% in October ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu SANOFI SA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Fr Sanofi Gets Hosed on MannKind Deal (SNY, MNKD) ► Artikel lesen Fr Sanofi Presented Full Results of a PK/PD Study Comparing Toujeo® to Insulin Degludec in People With Type 1 Diabetes PARIS, November 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- - Toujeo® provides a flatter profile than insulin degludec with less within-day fluctuations - Sanofi presented today the full results of a pharmacokinetic... ► Artikel lesen Fr European advisory committee backs Sanofi's diabetes med Suliqua ► Artikel lesen Fr Regeneron (REGN), Sanofi (SNY) Present Praluent Phase 3 Data in Lowering LDL-C ► Artikel lesen Fr Jefferies hebt Ziel für Sanofi auf 78 Euro - 'Hold' Das Analysehaus Jefferies hat das Kursziel für Sanofi von 74 auf 78 Euro angehoben und die Einstufung auf "Hold" belassen. Die Wahl von Donald Trump zum künftigen US-Präsidenten dürfte für die... ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Bristol-Myers Drops to 2-Year Low as Cancer Drug Disappoints Naomi Kresge naomikresge Allison Connolly aconnollynews October 10, 2016 — 7:57 AM EDT Updated on October 10, 2016 — 10:56 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Results contrast with positive data from Merck’s Keytruda Bristol-Myers stock down as much as 10%, Merck rises Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. dropped to the lowest level in two years after its immune-based therapy Opdivo fell short of already low expectations in study results that throw into question whether the drug can help lung-cancer patients who’ve just been diagnosed. The results were in stark contrast to the performance of Merck & Co.’s Keytruda in a similar group of patients. Keytruda reduced the risk of death or cancer progression by 50 percent in a study, giving Merck a head start on all of its competitors in the race for the best new immune therapy against lung tumors, the most common cancer in the world. Bristol-Myers shares, which had already slumped 19 percent this year through Friday, fell 9 percent to $50.43 at 10:18 a.m. in New York. Merck gained 2.1 percent to $64.10. In results presented Sunday at the European Society for Medical Oncology meeting in Copenhagen, Opdivo data showed it wasn’t superior to chemotherapy even in patients with high levels of a protein called PD-L1, which is thought to be a predictor of how well the immune-system drugs will work. The data came from a detailed analysis of the Checkmate-26 study, whose main findings were released in August, causing Bristol-Myers’ stock to slump. Merck’s entire trial was designed around people with high PD-L1 levels, while Bristol-Myers tried to reach a wider range of patients. Bristol-Myers had already announced in August that Opdivo didn’t help the broader group. Sunday’s results showed the treatment didn’t aid the narrower group either. More Women The results were “below expectations,” wrote John Scotti, an analyst at Evercore ISI in New York. Imbalances in the trial, where more women and more people with high PD-L1 levels got chemotherapy, may have skewed the results, said Nick Botwood, the company’s development lead for lung cancer. “The study was designed to ask a very specific question at the 5 percent expression,” Botwood said during a conference call after the data presentation. “It wasn’t designed to ask a question at 50 percent.” He was referring to a measure of how prominent the PD-L1 biomarkers are in a patient’s cancer -- with 50 percent being considered a high level. Sam Fazeli, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence, said Bristol-Myers shouldn’t be written off just yet. “No one believes that Opdivo is dead in first-line,” Fazeli said in an e-mail. “It’s a drug that has worked in many settings. It’s just that the trial had so many aspects that apparently worked against it.” Merck and Bristol-Myers have been battling for dominance in the new field of immune-oncology, in which medicines are designed to boost the body’s own defenses against cancer. Both drugmakers’ medicines are already approved for people whose lung cancer got worse after initial treatment. The trials presented Sunday would form the basis for approval or rejection as an initial treatment in lung cancer, a much bigger group of potential patients, and could be good news for Merck. “With the right tactical moves, Merck can turn Keytruda into the broadest offering in lung cancer,” said Tim Anderson, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Cancer Merck & Co Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help

373725 3399 sfoglia le notizie ACCEDI REGISTRATI Utente Password Password dimenticata METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Chimica e Farmacia . Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual €1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual €1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award CHIMICA E FARMACIA Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 10/10/2016 12:50 DARMSTADT, Germany, October 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK- or UK-based media Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the recipients of the 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI), who will share a €1 million grant to progress their respective research initiatives. The winners were formally awarded yesterday evening at an award presentation coinciding with the 2016 annual European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark.      (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161006/415895 ) The three winning proposals, which focus on breast cancer, colorectal cancer and lung cancer, were selected from a total of 405 applications representing 49 countries, following a comprehensive review by an expert scientific steering committee made up of internationally renowned oncologists. The 2016 GOI winners are: "The Grant for Oncology Innovation is an example of Merck's commitment to scientific innovation in oncology. We are proud to support pioneering work that pushes the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation with a potential to improve the lives of cancer patients in the near-term future," said Dr Steven Hildemann, Global Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical and Safety at Merck´s Biopharma business. "We are honored to recognize these talented and inspiring researchers and to play a role in enabling these innovative projects to become a reality." These awards mark the third successful year for GOI. Every year, Merck offers grants totaling €1 million through the GOI program.  More information about the GOI can be found online at: http://www.grantforoncologyinnovation.org Merck is committed to rewarding innovation and new thinking that could further advance the field of medicine. To learn more about the variety of innovation grants that Merck offers, visit:   http://www.merckgroup.com/en/innovation/grants_awards_initiatives/innovation_grants_awards_initiatives.html *Secreted hominoid-specific oncogene (SHON), an estrogen-regulated gene. For further information and press materials please visit:http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Contact:Heike Schmiedt, +49-6151-72-7498      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Un giro sulla Stazione spaziale in un video in ultra HD Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Dal bollo auto ai neo papà: ecco le ultime novità dalla Manovra 2. Sesso lampo? Arriva l'addestramento per durare di più 3. Briatore a Saviano: "Ho fatto fortuna vincendo 7 titoli mondiali in F1, tu?" 4. Tredicesime a rischio per una piccola impresa su cinque 5. 'Carne infetta alla Conad': l'ultima bufala su Whatsapp Video L'Astroblogger, per Trump (Gemelli) inizio 2017 in salita Arriva l'acchiappa-auto, per fermare chi scappa dalla polizia I 'Martedì critici’ tornano in mostra con gli anni Zero fino al 2016 Missione umanitaria in Siria per 7 medici italiani Il cinema del futuro sbarca al Torino Film Festival Reaction Roma, al Macro Pelanda una videoinstallazione per raccontare la capitale Un giro sulla Stazione spaziale in un video in ultra HD Il recupero della capsula Orion, i test della Marina Usa Tutte le iniziative per la Giornata mondiale del diabete In Evidenza Ricerca personale Sviluppo Business - Settore medico-scientifico All'AdnKronos Museum le 'porte aperte' di Ramon Llinas I Vila contro la guerra /Foto 'Sei in un Paese meraviglioso' Ecomondo – la Fiera Internazionale del Recupero di Materiale ed Energia e dello Sviluppo Sostenibile Coca-Cola Hbc Italia-Autogrill-Banco Alimentare, 300mila pasti per famiglie in difficoltà Oli lubrificanti usati, il 99% avviato a riciclo In moto per l'ambiente: Coou all'Eicma per promuovere la raccolta di olii usati /Video In viaggio multisensoriale fra luoghi del gusto all'Artigiano in Fiera' Alimentazione e sicurezza alimentare Calcio, il campionato di Lega Pro si sintonizza su Rds /Video Piccinini (Inca Cgil): "Troppo poche denunce malattie professionali nei trasporti" Consorzio oli usati a Eicma con le gare di slot, 'In moto per l'ambiente' Indagine Regus, in Italia 'smart working' possibile per 5 mln di lavoratori /Video Simest: meno costosi e più snelli finanziamenti internazionalizzazione pmi Nuovi scenari nel trattamento del mieloma multiplo Meningite, parliamone prima Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro Tech Care. Dalla cura al prendersi cura Randstad Regional Award 2016 ENAV: una nuova storia tutta da raccontare Il Giubileo di Francesco /Speciale Adnkronos Speciale Incentivi Speciale Consulenza per il lavoro   Seguici 373725 3399 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 42-54 We set you thinking Sunday 13 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Asia Australia Americas Europe Middle East Africa Quirky World newstream World - 1479022876 World South Korean prosecutors to question president this week over political scandal: Yonhap 1479020946 China&India Australia’s Crown says China releases 1 of 18 detained casino employees 1479021373 Lifestyle CoverGirl signs its first ambassador in a hijab 1479021076 World Former air force commander tipped to win Bulgarian presidency 1479019809 Singapore No reason for US and S’pore defence ties to diminish: Ng Eng Hen 1479018960 Lifestyle Learning the art of people-watching in Singapore 1478868360 World India central bank attempts to calm fears around currency shortage 1479017817 World Eight dead in clashes between Myanmar army and militants in Rakhine 1479016802 Business South Korea prosecutors question heads of conglomerates in probe over political scandal: Yonhap 1479017033 World Australia's Crown says China releases one of 18 detained casino employees 1479015200 China&India As Delhi chokes, farmers defend scorched earth policy 1479016278 World Iraqi Kurds' destruction of Arab villages could be war crime: HRW 1479014269 World Venezuela government, opposition reach tentative deals in dialogue 1479014606 World Colombia, rebels agree revised peace deal to end 52-year war 1479004106 World Australia, U.S. announce refugee resettlement deal 1479007060 World Sting reopens Paris' Bataclan hall on anniversary of militant attack 1478993619 Business Honda plans to produce 80 business jets annually by March 2019 1479008421 Entertainment Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum 1479006360 Business U.S. banks' post-election rally may be just an appetizer 1478913656 World U.S. to push ahead on climate pact before Trump takes over: Kerry 1479003961 World Abe aims to underscore importance of Japan-U.S. alliance with Trump 1479003189 Lifestyle Diana Ser: Here’s how to ruin your painstakingly plotted family vacation 1478858760 World South Korea's Park faces calls to resign at huge protest rally 1478994016 Lifestyle Vive La France 1478865360 World Britain's Brexit firebrand Farage meets Trump in New York 1478997809 Business U.S. regulator has opened Audi investigation: Bild am Sonntag 1478994572 World Blast at Pakistan shrine kills 52, wounds scores 1478986508 Business Toyota to settle U.S. truck rust lawsuit for up to $3.4 billion 1478992590 World Moscow calling as Moldovans vote in presidential runoff 1478988278 World Vintage biplanes attempt Greece-South Africa imperial route 1478988775 Singapore PM Lee to attend leaders’ retreat with Jokowi 1478988000 World Turkey issues warning over travel to U.S. after Trump protests 1478982461 World Venetians pack their bags as tourism takes its toll 1478975725 World Iraqi army says advances in Mosul, despite suicide bombers 1478968912 World Taliban bomber kills four Americans at NATO base in Afghanistan 1478980473 Business Lego ends Daily Mail toy giveaway after protest on migrant coverage 1478982721 World Italy's Northern League leader Salvini says will run for PM 1478974360 World France condemns attack on NATO base in Afghanistan 1478970398 World Bangladesh retrieves a fifth of $81 million stolen in cyber heist 1478972810 World Islamic State victims suffer as evidence of chemical attacks grows 1478969600 World Ex-Congo rebel leader missing, gunfire erupts in border town 1478970335 World Islamic State claims Pakistan shrine attack that killed at least 25 people 1478968374 World Palestinian leadership tensions flare amid Arafat death anniversary 1478968318 World Syrian army and allies make gains in Aleppo 1478951500 World Philippine leader threatens tough measures to boost drugs war 1478965056 World Turkey halts activities of 370 groups as purge widens 1478960999 Business Ford to resume 24-hour shift in Brazil plant, paper says 1478959827 World Powerful tycoon sees Moldova sticking to EU path regardless of election outcome 1478958971 World Hundreds of Boko Haram fighters surrender in Chad: sources 1478957416 World Lung cancer treatment moves beyond chemotherapy Merck's Keytruda can reduce the risk of death or cancer progression by 50 per cent, the company said. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:05 PM, October 10, 2016 Updated: 6:09 PM, October 10, 2016 BERLIN — Lung cancer treatment is moving beyond chemotherapy, with Merck & Co setting the pace in a new category of therapies that harness the body’s immune system to fight tumours. The American company’s drug, Keytruda, reduced the risk of death or cancer progression by 50 per cent, Merck said, unveiling details of a crucial study at a meeting in Copenhagen of the European Society for Medical Oncology. The medicine gave patients an average of 10.3 months before their cancer progressed, compared with six months on chemotherapy. Unlike its competitor, Bristol-Myers Squibb, whose similar drug Opdivo failed in an advanced trial and caused its stock to plunge, Merck selected patients who harboured high levels of a protein that’s thought to predict how well the immune-system drugs will work. The results gave Merck a head start — and not just on Bristol-Myers. Roche Holding and AstraZeneca are also in the race for the best new immune therapy against lung tumours, the most common cancer in the world. Doctors will probably start testing patients soon after diagnosis to see whether they’re suited to treatment with Keytruda and can forgo the many side effects of chemotherapy, said Mr Stefan Zimmermann, a chief oncologist at the Cantonal Hospital of Fribourg, Switzerland. “The main reaction will actually be relief and renewed hope,” Mr Zimmermann said on Sunday (Oct 9) from the meeting. “We have been waiting for ways to ditch the good old chemotherapy that carries significant toxicity.” The United States’ Food and Drug Administration is set to decide by Dec 24 whether Keytruda, already approved for patients whose lung cancer got worse after chemotherapy, can be used as an initial treatment too. Some 224,000 Americans will probably be diagnosed with lung tumours this year, according to the National Cancer Institute. Much of the battle for dominance in lung immune-oncology drugs thus far has centred on whether patients need to show high levels of a protein called PD-L1 to benefit. Merck’s trial focused on patients whose tumours expressed PD-L1 at least half the time. That group could comprise as many as one-quarter of newly-diagnosed lung-cancer patients, said Mr Sam Fazeli, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. By contrast, Bristol-Myers’s competing therapy, Opdivo, failed a test as a sole treatment for lung cancer after the company included patients with lower levels of PD-L1. But details of the trial unveiled at the conference pointed to lacklustre results even in a narrower group of patients with high PD-L1 levels. “PD-L1 assessment has to be part of the standard diagnostic workup,” said Mr Corey Langer, director of the thoracic oncology program at the Abramson Cancer Center at the University of Pennsylvania. “Patients can’t wait for these results.” Mr Langer led a smaller trial of Merck’s Keytruda also presented in Copenhagen, which combined the drug with chemotherapy and also let in all patients, no matter their PD-L1 levels. The combination was almost twice as successful at shrinking lung cancer tumours than a standard chemotherapy regimen. But with just 123 patients, the trial was too small to say for sure whether the combination is better than immune therapy alone, Langer said. Roche also presented results showing its immune therapy contender, Tecentriq, helped patients whose lung tumours had already progressed. Tecentriq was approved by regulators in May for advanced bladder cancer, and Roche expects a ruling from the FDA in second-line lung cancer by the end of next week. However, results for newly-diagnosed patients aren’t expected before 2018. By then, Mr Fazeli said, investors will be focusing on combination therapies. The first results from two immune therapies used together will probably come next year from AstraZeneca. Bristol-Myers is also working on such a combination, with data due out in 2018. Like Merck, Roche is combining its immune-oncology drug with chemotherapy, aiming for approval in 2018. “Given the data you see here with Keytruda alone, the combinations should by logic and by data seem to do better,” Mr Fazeli said. BLOOMBERG mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most World READ COMMENTED ‘Zombie’ birds fall from sky in Moscow ‘You’re fat’ card prompts London police action ‘Wrong way down the highway’ driver arrested after US crash that killed six ‘Worse than loan sharks’, Pua says of 1MDB paying US$993m for US$3.5b bond guarantee ‘World’s longest flight’ lands in Auckland ‘Lack of resources’ behind The Brunei Times’ sudden closure ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests Zuckerberg sure fake news on Facebook did not sway election Zimbabwe court drops charges against hunter who helped kill Cecil the lion You’re hired: Trump trumps the competition Yemeni govt troops kill 30 al Qaeda suspects in south Yemen Year-old Paris attack probe sights new suspect, but mastermind elusive World Bank probe into Tata tea project finds it failed to protect Indian workers World about to learn what the ‘ultimate pragmatist’ really believes World about to learn what the ‘ultimate pragmatist’ really believes Inside Today World - South Korean prosecutors to question president this week over political scandal: Yonhap Former air force commander tipped to win Bulgarian presidency India central bank attempts to calm fears around currency shortage South Korea prosecutors question heads of conglomerates in probe over political scandal: Yonhap Business South Korea prosecutors question heads of conglomerates in probe over political scandal: Yonhap Honda plans to produce 80 business jets annually by March 2019 U.S. regulator has opened Audi investigation: Bild am Sonntag Toyota to settle U.S. truck rust lawsuit for up to $3.4 billion Lego ends Daily Mail toy giveaway after protest on migrant coverage Sports Local MMA fighters do Singapore proud at ONE: Defending Honor S’pore’s junior shuttlers edged out at world meet Wenger says fielding injured Sanchez would be a suicidal move Goal-shy Lions hope to find scoring boots in time for Suzuki Cup Community engagement key in Sports Hub’s efforts to entice S’poreans Entertainment Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests New NLB free app offers unlimited downloads for selected titles The cheat sheet to French films Leonard Cohen, writer of 'Hallelujah', dead at age 82 About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
null
Startseite Blaulicht Abo Über Empfohlene Themen Auto / Verkehr People Gesundheit / Medizin Medien / Kultur Politik Tourismus / Urlaub Weitere Themen Bau / Immobilien Fashion / Beauty Finanzen Handel Netzwelt Panorama Presseschau Soziales Sport Umwelt Wirtschaft Wissen / Bildung Meldungen filtern Alle Meldungen Bilder Land/Sprache Schweiz Deutsch Deutschland Suisse Français MELDUNG EINSTELLEN Abonnieren Sie Ihre Themen mit der Presseportal-App. Merck KGaA Newsroom-Abo Schließen Abonnieren Sie alle Meldungen von Merck KGaA 10.10.2016 – 08:10 Merck KGaA Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual EUR1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award Darmstadt, Germany (ots/PRNewswire) - Not intended for UK- or UK-based media - Grant established by Merck recognizes pioneering research in 
  personalized treatment of solid tumors 
- Winners selected by internationally renowned oncologists from 405 
  applications representing 49 countries   Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the recipients of the 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI), who will share a EUR1 million grant to progress their respective research initiatives. The winners were formally awarded yesterday evening at an award presentation coinciding with the 2016 annual European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark. (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161006/415895 ) The three winning proposals, which focus on breast cancer, colorectal cancer and lung cancer, were selected from a total of 405 applications representing 49 countries, following a comprehensive review by an expert scientific steering committee made up of internationally renowned oncologists. The 2016 GOI winners are: - Alberto Bardelli, University of Torino, Italy, for his proposal: 
  'Heterogeneity and clonal evolution as a therapeutic opportunity 
  for colorectal cancers'
- Enriqueta Felip, Vall d'Hebron Institute of Oncology, Spain, for 
  her proposal: 'New technologies for new treatments: liquid biopsy 
  meets immunotherapy'
- Dr Dongxu Liu, Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand for 
  his proposal: 'How does SHON* expression in tumors determine the 
  efficacy of endocrine therapy in breast cancer?' "The Grant for Oncology Innovation is an example of Merck's commitment to scientific innovation in oncology. We are proud to support pioneering work that pushes the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation with a potential to improve the lives of cancer patients in the near-term future," said Dr Steven Hildemann, Global Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical and Safety at Merck´s Biopharma business. "We are honored to recognize these talented and inspiring researchers and to play a role in enabling these innovative projects to become a reality." These awards mark the third successful year for GOI. Every year, Merck offers grants totaling EUR1 million through the GOI program. More information about the GOI can be found online at: http://www.grantforoncologyinnovation.org Merck is committed to rewarding innovation and new thinking that could further advance the field of medicine. To learn more about the variety of innovation grants that Merck offers, visit: http://www.merckgroup.com/en/innovation/grants_awards_initiatives/innovation_grants_awards_initiatives.html *Secreted hominoid-specific oncogene (SHON), an estrogen-regulated gene. For further information and press materials please visit:http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Contact: Heike Schmiedt, +49-6151-72-7498 (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO )  Original-Content von: Merck KGaA, übermittelt durch news aktuell Themen in dieser Meldung Biotechnologie Gesundheit Wirtschaft Medizin Pharmaindustrie Weitere Meldungen: Merck KGaA 10.10.2016 – 08:15 Merck KGaA Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Announces Recipients of Third Annual EUR1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award 06.10.2016 – 04:00 Merck KGaA Merck weiht neues, hochmodernes M Lab(TM)-Kunden-Kooperationszentrum in Südkorea ein 28.09.2016 – 08:33 Merck KGaA Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany to Present New Research Focused on Hard-to-Treat Cancers at ESMO 2016 Das könnte Sie auch interessieren: BLOGPOST: Länge der Headline einer Pressemitteilung: 100 Zeichen ARD Hörspieltage: Robert Wilsons "Tower of Babel" holt Deutschen Hörspielpreis der ARD / Preis für die beste schauspielerische Leistung an Birte Schnöink und Christian Löber New York, New York - Die Geissens im Hotel bei Donald Trump Effektive IT-Strategie ist im Gesundheitswesen ein Muss Robbie Williams: "Wir haben dieses unglaubliche Haus in Beverly Hills. Ich habe oft das Gefühl, dass mich nur irgendein reicher Onkel dort wohnen lässt." Neuer SKODA KODIAQ ab sofort bestellbar STIHL TIMBERSPORTS® Weltmeisterschaft 2016 in Stuttgart / Das Holz, aus dem Weltmeister geschnitzt sind Raus aus der Bubble: Erster dpa-Hackathon mit bemerkenswerten Ergebnissen Oliver Pocher zieht für sein Bundesland Niedersachsen als Favorit ins Halbfinale der ProSieben-Show "Deutschland tanzt" ein Die Presseportal App Mit news aktuell erreichen Sie immer die richtigen Menschen Unser Verbreitungsnetzwerk ots sorgt für optimale Reichweite und Relevanz. Mit news aktuell erreichen Sie immer die richtigen Menschen Unsere Mediendatenbank zimpel bietet immer die richtigen Ansprechpartner in den Redaktionen. Impressum Inhalte abonnieren Kontakt Nutzungsrechte Textversion Jobs Mediadaten Sitemap API Newsrooms A-Z Feeds Datenschutz
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual €1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award News provided by Merck Oct 10, 2016, 02:07 ET Share this article DARMSTADT, Germany, October 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK- or UK-based media Grant established by Merck recognizes pioneering research in personalized treatment of solid tumors  Winners selected by internationally renowned oncologists from 405 applications representing 49 countries   Continue Reading 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation award winners (PRNewsFoto/Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany) Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the recipients of the 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI), who will share a €1 million grant to progress their respective research initiatives. The winners were formally awarded yesterday evening at an award presentation coinciding with the 2016 annual European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark.      (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161006/415895 ) The three winning proposals, which focus on breast cancer, colorectal cancer and lung cancer, were selected from a total of 405 applications representing 49 countries, following a comprehensive review by an expert scientific steering committee made up of internationally renowned oncologists. The 2016 GOI winners are: Alberto Bardelli, University of Torino, Italy, for his proposal: 'Heterogeneity and clonal evolution as a therapeutic opportunity for colorectal cancers' Enriqueta Felip, Vall d'Hebron Institute of Oncology, Spain, for her proposal: 'New technologies for new treatments: liquid biopsy meets immunotherapy' Dr Dongxu Liu, Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand for his proposal: 'How does SHON* expression in tumors determine the efficacy of endocrine therapy in breast cancer?' "The Grant for Oncology Innovation is an example of Merck's commitment to scientific innovation in oncology. We are proud to support pioneering work that pushes the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation with a potential to improve the lives of cancer patients in the near-term future," said Dr Steven Hildemann, Global Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical and Safety at Merck´s Biopharma business. "We are honored to recognize these talented and inspiring researchers and to play a role in enabling these innovative projects to become a reality." These awards mark the third successful year for GOI. Every year, Merck offers grants totaling €1 million through the GOI program.  More information about the GOI can be found online at: http://www.grantforoncologyinnovation.org Merck is committed to rewarding innovation and new thinking that could further advance the field of medicine. To learn more about the variety of innovation grants that Merck offers, visit:   http://www.merckgroup.com/en/innovation/grants_awards_initiatives/innovation_grants_awards_initiatives.html *Secreted hominoid-specific oncogene (SHON), an estrogen-regulated gene. For further information and press materials please visit:http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Contact: Heike Schmiedt, +49-6151-72-7498      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) SOURCE Merck Oct 19, 2016, 10:00 ET Preview: Sportscaster Derrin Horton Joins the Effort to Support Clinical Trials for Alzheimer's in the Los Angeles Basin Oct 06, 2016, 17:18 ET Preview: Merck dévoile un nouveau M Lab™ Collaboration Center de pointe en Corée My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 11, 2016, 14:19 ETMerck gana el R&D 100 Award por una invención superior Nov 11, 2016, 10:55 ETMerck remporte un prix R&D 100 pour son innovation Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Awards You just read: Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual €1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award News provided by Merck Oct 10, 2016, 02:07 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MERCK KGAA AKTIE»Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual €1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award MERCK KGAA 94,87  Euro -0,64 -0,67 % WKN: 659990  ISIN: DE0006599905 Ticker-Symbol: MRK  Xetra | 11.11.16 | 17:35 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktDAX-30 Prime Standard DAX International 100 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 94,81 95,32 13.11. 94,80 95,15 11.11. 10.10.2016 | 08:10 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual €1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award DARMSTADT, Germany, October 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK- or UK-based media Grant established by Merck recognizes pioneering research in personalized treatment of solid tumors Winners selected by internationally renowned oncologists from 405 applications representing 49 countries Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the recipients of the 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI), who will share a €1 million grant to progress their respective research initiatives. The winners were formally awarded yesterday evening at an award presentation coinciding with the 2016 annual European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark. (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161006/415895 ) The three winning proposals, which focus on breast cancer, colorectal cancer and lung cancer, were selected from a total of 405 applications representing 49 countries, following a comprehensive review by an expert scientific steering committee made up of internationally renowned oncologists. The 2016 GOI winners are: Alberto Bardelli, University of Torino, Italy, for his proposal: 'Heterogeneity and clonal evolution as a therapeutic opportunity for colorectal cancers' Enriqueta Felip, Vall d'Hebron Institute of Oncology, Spain, for her proposal: 'New technologies for new treatments: liquid biopsy meets immunotherapy' Dr Dongxu Liu, Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand for his proposal: 'How does SHON* expression in tumors determine the efficacy of endocrine therapy in breast cancer?' "The Grant for Oncology Innovation is an example of Merck's commitment to scientific innovation in oncology. We are proud to support pioneering work that pushes the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation with a potential to improve the lives of cancer patients in the near-term future," said Dr Steven Hildemann, Global Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical and Safety at Merck's Biopharma business. "We are honored to recognize these talented and inspiring researchers and to play a role in enabling these innovative projects to become a reality." These awards mark the third successful year for GOI. Every year, Merck offers grants totaling €1 million through the GOI program. More information about the GOI can be found online at: http://www.grantforoncologyinnovation.org Merck is committed to rewarding innovation and new thinking that could further advance the field of medicine. To learn more about the variety of innovation grants that Merck offers, visit: http://www.merckgroup.com/en/innovation/grants_awards_initiatives/innovation_grants_awards_initiatives.html *Secreted hominoid-specific oncogene (SHON), an estrogen-regulated gene. For further information and press materials please visit:http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Contact: Heike Schmiedt, +49-6151-72-7498 (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu MERCK KGAA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Fr Morgan Stanley belässt Merck KGaA auf 'Equal-weight' Die US-Investmentbank Morgan Stanley hat die Einstufung für Merck KGaA vor Zahlen auf "Equal-weight" mit einem Kursziel von 103 Euro belassen. Er rechne damit, dass der Umsatz im dritten Quartal... ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck gewinnt R&D 100 Award für führende Innovationen ausgezeichnet -- Sanger Arrayed Lentiviral CRISPR Libraries ausgezeichnet in Kategorie Analyse/Tests Darmstadt (ots/PRNewswire) - Merck (http://www.merckgroup.com/de/index.html), ein führendes Wissenschafts-... ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck KGaA Receives $59.60 Consensus PT from Analysts ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck-Aktie steuert nach US-Wahl wieder auf Allzeithoch zu - Chartanalyse Paris - Merck-Aktie steuert nach US-Wahl wieder auf Allzeithoch zu - Chartanalyse Die Analysten der BNP Paribas nehmen in einer aktuellen Chartanalyse die Aktie des Darmstädter Pharmakonzerns Merck... ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck Wins R&D 100 Award for Top Invention - Sanger Arrayed Lentiviral CRISPR Libraries wins in Analytical/Test category DARMSTADT, Germany, Nov. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, received a prestigious... ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 8:44 P.M. ET Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie 8:29 P.M. ET Trump-branded properties are poised for a rebound 8:16 P.M. ET ISIS urges truck attacks, says Thanksgiving Day Parade an ‘excellent target’ 7:49 P.M. ET May to say U.K. will pursue free trade while protecting workers at home 7:40 P.M. ET Japan's economy surged forward in Q3 7:36 P.M. ET Look up tonight to see the biggest supermoon in 68 years 6:53 P.M. ET EU vows to work with Trump administration while standing firm on key issues 6:41 P.M. ET Facebook stops allowing ads to target specific ethnic groups 6:32 P.M. ET Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 6:28 P.M. ET Updated Pro-Russian presidential candidates win in Bulgaria, Moldova 5:55 P.M. ET Experts forecast rising GDP, inflation and risks 5:52 P.M. ET VW, Audi confirm probe into Audi emissions 5:09 P.M. ET Blockbuster deals would make AMC No. 1 theater chain in world 5:00 P.M. ET Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 4:54 P.M. ET Paul Ryan likely to remain House Speaker 4:41 P.M. ET Updated Trump names RNC head Reince Priebus as chief of staff 4:31 P.M. ET Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 2:15 P.M. ET My mother-in-law is being bled dry by her incarcerated brother 1:15 P.M. ET The Secret to Successful Mole Catching 12:07 P.M. ET Updated This week’s lesson for investors? Nothing good happens after hours Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual €1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award By Published: Oct 10, 2016 2:07 a.m. ET Share DARMSTADT, Germany, October 10, 2016 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- DARMSTADT, Germany, October 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK- or UK-based media Grant established by Merck recognizes pioneering research in personalized treatment of solid tumors  Winners selected by internationally renowned oncologists from 405 applications representing 49 countries   Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the recipients of the 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI), who will share a €1 million grant to progress their respective research initiatives. The winners were formally awarded yesterday evening at an award presentation coinciding with the 2016 annual European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark.      (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161006/415895 ) The three winning proposals, which focus on breast cancer, colorectal cancer and lung cancer, were selected from a total of 405 applications representing 49 countries, following a comprehensive review by an expert scientific steering committee made up of internationally renowned oncologists. The 2016 GOI winners are: Alberto Bardelli, University of Torino, Italy, for his proposal: 'Heterogeneity and clonal evolution as a therapeutic opportunity for colorectal cancers' Enriqueta Felip, Vall d'Hebron Institute of Oncology, Spain, for her proposal: 'New technologies for new treatments: liquid biopsy meets immunotherapy' Dr Dongxu Liu, Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand for his proposal: 'How does SHON* expression in tumors determine the efficacy of endocrine therapy in breast cancer?' "The Grant for Oncology Innovation is an example of Merck's commitment to scientific innovation in oncology. We are proud to support pioneering work that pushes the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation with a potential to improve the lives of cancer patients in the near-term future," said Dr Steven Hildemann, Global Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical and Safety at Merck's Biopharma business. "We are honored to recognize these talented and inspiring researchers and to play a role in enabling these innovative projects to become a reality." These awards mark the third successful year for GOI. Every year, Merck offers grants totaling €1 million through the GOI program.  More information about the GOI can be found online at: http://www.grantforoncologyinnovation.org Merck is committed to rewarding innovation and new thinking that could further advance the field of medicine. To learn more about the variety of innovation grants that Merck offers, visit:   http://www.merckgroup.com/en/innovation/grants_awards_initiatives/innovation_grants_awards_initiatives.html *Secreted hominoid-specific oncogene (SHON), an estrogen-regulated gene. For further information and press materials please visit:http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Contact:Heike Schmiedt, +49-6151-72-7498      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) SOURCE Merck Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Alle Alle Bilder Videos Audios Grafiken PDF Studien   Nur Channel Wirtschaft durchsuchen Aussendersuche Personensuche Terminsuche Topthemen Hilfe     wirtschaft Alle Politik Wirtschaft Finanzen Chronik Kultur Medien Karriere / Submenü Meistgelesen Meistgelesen Innenpolitik Außenpolitik EU Bildung Familie Gesellschaft Kommunales Recht Sozialpartner Meistgelesen Agrar Arbeitsmarkt Bau Finanzen und Dienstleistungen Energiemarkt Handel IT Start-up Tourismus Unternehmen Meistgelesen Insiderinformationen Directors Dealings Corporate News Finanzberichte Gesamtstimmrechtsmitteilungen Stimmrechtsmitteilungen Sonstige Kapitalmarktinformationen Hauptversammlung Meistgelesen Gesundheit Essen und Trinken Lifestyle Reisen Soziales Sport Tiere Umwelt Verkehr Veranstaltungen Wissenschaft Polizeimeldungen Meistgelesen Architektur Ausstellungen Fernsehen Film Kunst Literatur Museen Musik Theater Veranstaltungen Meistgelesen Pressestimmen Fernsehen Online Radio Zeitungen Meistgelesen Personalia Bildung Unternehmen OTE0002, 10. Okt. 2016, 08:11 drucken mailen als pdf als Text Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual EUR1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award Darmstadt, Germany (ots/PRNewswire) - Not intended for UK- or UK-based media Grant established by Merck recognizes pioneering research in personalized treatment of solid tumors Winners selected by internationally renowned oncologists from 405 applications representing 49 countries Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the recipients of the 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI), who will share a EUR1 million grant to progress their respective research initiatives. The winners were formally awarded yesterday evening at an award presentation coinciding with the 2016 annual European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark. (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161006/415895 ) The three winning proposals, which focus on breast cancer, colorectal cancer and lung cancer, were selected from a total of 405 applications representing 49 countries, following a comprehensive review by an expert scientific steering committee made up of internationally renowned oncologists. The 2016 GOI winners are: Alberto Bardelli, University of Torino, Italy, for his proposal: 'Heterogeneity and clonal evolution as a therapeutic opportunity for colorectal cancers' Enriqueta Felip, Vall d'Hebron Institute of Oncology, Spain, for her proposal: 'New technologies for new treatments: liquid biopsy meets immunotherapy' Dr Dongxu Liu, Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand for his proposal: 'How does SHON* expression in tumors determine the efficacy of endocrine therapy in breast cancer?' "The Grant for Oncology Innovation is an example of Merck's commitment to scientific innovation in oncology. We are proud to support pioneering work that pushes the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation with a potential to improve the lives of cancer patients in the near-term future," said Dr Steven Hildemann, Global Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical and Safety at Merck´s Biopharma business. "We are honored to recognize these talented and inspiring researchers and to play a role in enabling these innovative projects to become a reality." These awards mark the third successful year for GOI. Every year, Merck offers grants totaling EUR1 million through the GOI program. More information about the GOI can be found online at: http://www.grantforoncologyinnovation.org Merck is committed to rewarding innovation and new thinking that could further advance the field of medicine. To learn more about the variety of innovation grants that Merck offers, visit: http://www.merckgroup.com/en/innovation/grants_awards_initiatives/inn ovation_grants_awards_initiatives.html *Secreted hominoid-specific oncogene (SHON), an estrogen-regulated gene. For further information and press materials please visit:http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Contact: Heike Schmiedt, +49-6151-72-7498 (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) Digital press kit: http://www.ots.at/pressemappe/PR6873/aom ORIGINAL APA-OTS TEXT - THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER | PRN0003 Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Ge... Helsinn Group Introduces ... Merck KGaA Zum Pressroom Mehr zu dieser Aussendung Stichworte: International, Technologie, Pharma, Medizin, Gesundheit Channel: Wirtschaft Auch interessant: Inhalt wird geladen ... Mehr Über apa-ots APA-OTS ist Österreichs stärkster Verbreiter von multimedialen Presseinformationen in Text, Bild, Video und Audio im In- und Ausland. Produkte & Preise OTS-Mailabo OTS-Twitterlist Aktuelle Bilder: Wirtschaft weitere Bilder Aktuelle Videos weitere Videos Meistgelesen auf ots.at (24h) - Channel Wirtschaft BIO AUSTRIA stellt neu gestalteten Bio-Webshop online BIO AUSTRIA Merkel und Obama besuchen Messestand von ifm ifm electronic gmbh Bad Vöslau: Voller Erfolg für AK-Bildungsmesse "Zukunft | Arbeit | Leben" Arbeiterkammer Niederösterreich weitere Aussendungen Aktuelle Termine Montag, 14. Nov. 2016, 09:00 AVISO - Neuer Termin: PK zum neuen Franziskus Spital in Wien ab 2017, mit Stadträtin Wehsely und Besichtigung OP/Intensivstation Hartmannspital – Krankenhaus St. Elisabeth Montag, 14. Nov. 2016, 10:00 Von Sparkling Science zu Open Innovation OeAD (Österreichische Austauschdienst)-GmbH Montag, 14. Nov. 2016, 10:00 PK: "Nein zum Öxit" – Haselsteiner und Unterstützer stellen zweite Kampagnenwelle vor Kampagne „Nein zum Öxit“ weitere Termine APA-Campus Wirtschaftslehrgang APA-OTS Laimgrubengasse 10 1060 Wien, Österreich Karte & Route +43 1 36060-5310 +43 1 36060-5399 (Fax) ots@apa.at Über APA-OTS Social Media & Feeds APA-OTS auf Facebook APA-OTS auf Twitter APA-OTS auf Instagram APA-OTS auf Xing APA-OTS auf LinkedIn APA-OTS auf Google+ Unsere Pins auf Pinterest Alle Feeds / Newsletter Portale & Apps Portale OTS-Video, APA-Fotoservice, Tourismuspresse, Tourismusvideo, IT-Press, Euroadhoc Blogs OTS-Blog, Tourismuspresse-Blog Partner Presseportal.de, Presseportal.ch OTS-Apps (gratis) iOS, Android Systemzugänge OTS-Manager OTS-Mailabo OTS-Journalistendaten OTS-Newsletterverwaltung   © 1997 - 2016 APA-OTS Originaltext-Service GmbH und der jeweilige Aussender. Alle Rechte vorbehalten. Disclaimer Netiquette Impressum AGB zum Seitenanfang
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 UPDATE 1-'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo Reuters Oct. 9, 2016, 5:15 AM 710 facebook linkedin twitter email print * Keytruda cuts risk of death 40 pct in big lung cancer study * Drug also improves outcomes when given with chemotherapy * Immunotherapy changing standard of care in cancer (Adds further comment from researchers) By Ben Hirschler COPENHAGEN, Oct 9 (Reuters) - Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumours as chemotherapy alone. Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. "Remember this day. It's a new day for lung cancer treatment," Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne's University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become "a new standard of care". The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer - the biggest cancer killer globally - with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany's Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard "from today". U.S. regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. COMBINATION THERAPY The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been sceptical about this approach and investors' expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck's combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck's head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol's failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for "all comers" in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company's market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Stephen Powell and Susan Fenton) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters Company News HEALTH-CANCER/MERCK & CO (UPDATE 1, GRAPHIC) facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru UPDATE 1-'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo UPDATE 1-'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo * Keytruda cuts risk of death 40 pct in big... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Merck Tops as Lung Cancer Treatment Moves Past Chemotherapy Naomi Kresge naomikresge Allison Connolly aconnollynews October 9, 2016 — 11:00 PM EDT Updated on October 10, 2016 — 7:32 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Patients on Keytruda live 10 months without cancer worsening Cancer conference data puts Merck ahead of drugmaker rivals Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Lung cancer treatment is moving beyond chemotherapy, with Merck & Co. setting the pace in a new category of therapies that harness the body’s immune system to fight tumors.  The U.S. drugmaker’s Keytruda medicine reduced the risk of death or cancer progression by 50 percent, Merck said, unveiling details of a crucial study at a meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology. The medicine gave patients an average of 10.3 months before their cancer progressed, compared with six months on chemotherapy. Unlike competitor Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., whose similar drug Opdivo failed in an advanced trial and caused its stock to plunge, Merck selected patients who harbored high levels of a protein thought to predict how well the immune-system drugs will work. The results give Merck a head start -- and not just on Bristol-Myers. Roche Holding AG and AstraZeneca Plc are also in the race for the best new immune therapy against lung tumors, the most common cancer in the world. While Merck and Bristol-Myers are the leaders, each of the four companies will probably be able to take a piece of the market as data emerges from single and combination therapies for patients with various levels of the predictive protein, said Mirjam Heeb, who helps manage $186 million in health-care stocks, including Bristol-Myers, Roche and Merck, at GAM Holding AG in Zurich. Changing Landscape “We can assume now that Merck has a lead of at least 12 months” in its target patient group, Heeb said in a telephone interview. “But the overall landscape is changing so fast that I think it’s impossible to predict what it will look like in 12 months.” Doctors will probably start testing patients soon after diagnosis to see whether they’re suited to treatment with Keytruda and can forgo the many side effects of chemotherapy, said Stefan Zimmermann, a chief oncologist at the Cantonal Hospital of Fribourg, Switzerland. “The main reaction will actually be relief and renewed hope,” Zimmermann said on Sunday from the meeting in Copenhagen. “We have been waiting for ways to ditch the good old chemotherapy that carries significant toxicity.” Shares of Merck, which have gained 19 percent this year, rose 3 percent in trading before the opening of U.S. markets, while Bristol-Myers fell 6.1 percent, adding to a 19 percent decline this year. AstraZeneca fell 0.4 percent at 12:31 p.m. in London, and Roche rose 0.4 percent in Zurich. Patient Selection The U.S. Food and Drug Administration is set to decide by Dec. 24 whether Keytruda, already approved for patients whose lung cancer got worse after chemotherapy, can be used as an initial treatment too. Some 224,000 Americans will probably be diagnosed with lung tumors this year, according to the National Cancer Institute. Much of the battle for dominance in lung immune-oncology drugs thus far has centered on whether patients need to show high levels of a protein called PD-L1 to benefit. Merck’s trial focused on patients whose tumors expressed PD-L1 at least half the time. That group could comprise as many as one-quarter of newly-diagnosed lung-cancer patients, said Sam Fazeli, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. Combination Tests By contrast, Bristol-Myers’s competing therapy, Opdivo, failed a test as a sole treatment for lung cancer after the company included patients with lower levels of PD-L1. But details of the trial unveiled at the conference pointed to lackluster results even in a narrower group of patients with high PD-L1 levels. “PD-L1 assessment has to be part of the standard diagnostic workup,” said Corey Langer, director of the thoracic oncology program at the Abramson Cancer Center at the University of Pennsylvania. “Patients can’t wait for these results.” Langer led a smaller trial of Merck’s Keytruda also presented in Copenhagen, which combined the drug with chemotherapy and also let in all patients, no matter their PD-L1 levels. The combination was almost twice as successful at shrinking lung cancer tumors than a standard chemotherapy regimen. But with just 123 patients, the trial was too small to say for sure whether the combination is better than immune therapy alone, Langer said. Roche also presented results showing its immune therapy contender, Tecentriq, helped patients whose lung tumors had already progressed. Tecentriq was approved by regulators in May for advanced bladder cancer, and Roche expects a ruling from the FDA in second-line lung cancer by the end of next week. Results for newly-diagnosed patients aren’t expected before 2018, however. By then, Fazeli said, investors will be focusing on combination therapies. The first results from two immune therapies used together will probably come next year from AstraZeneca. Bristol-Myers is also working on such a combination, with data due out in 2018. Like Merck, Roche is combining its immune-oncology drug with chemotherapy, aiming for approval in 2018. “Given the data you see here with Keytruda alone, the combinations should by logic and by data seem to do better,” Fazeli said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Merck & Co Cancer Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Roche Holding AG Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
Skip to main content Home Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials Watch Science Connect Search Social Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Directory Products Learn Login Register Subscribe Channels R&D LDN SC Advertisement Advertisement BMS Announces Mixed Data for Opdivo at ESMO 2016 Wed, 10/12/2016 - 8:26am Comments by Ryan Bushey - Digital Editor - @R_Bushey A batch of mixed data paints a hazy picture for the future of Bristol-Myers Squibb’s immunotherapy Opdivo. First, results from one study had shown patients taking Opdivo fared worse than those who were on a chemotherapy treatment regimen, reported Reuters. The purpose of this investigation was too see how Opdivo could assist the immune system in fighting cancer as an initial treatment for advanced lung cancer. Patients taking the drug lived a 4.2 month period before the disease worsened versus individuals who were solely on chemotherapy, which was a 5.9 month period.  Analysts were disappointed with these results although the difference wasn’t deemed statistically significant, wrote Reuters. The expectation was that Opdivo could generate $840 million in sales for the second quarter, but these results coupled with a previous announcement when BMS revealed the candidate didn’t beat out older chemotherapies in a phase 3 trial complicates these financial prospects. READ MORE: Positive Data on Merck’s Keytruda Drug for Lung Cancer Presented at ESMO 2016 Plus, Merck & Co’s Keytruda, a rival drug, demonstrated it could reduce the risk of disease progression in half for previously treated patients also decreasing overall deaths by 40 percent compared with chemotherapy. This news means Merck will have an advantage over the market segment featuring first-line lung cancer patients with high PD-L1 expression levels. However, one upside for BMS is that Opdivo elicited impressive survival rates when compared to Keytruda in a study focusing on head and neck cancer patients, explained FiercePharma. The CheckMate-141 study enrolled second-line patients with recurrent or metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck. They reported that Opdivo provided stabilized symptoms and functioning over the first 15 weeks of therapy. Keytruda previously gained approval from the FDA in August for head and neck cancer because it achieved a 16 percent response rate from study participants where 82 percent of them were still responding treatment six months later at the conclusion of the trial. Opdivo, though, could have the edge since the drug was able to boost the median survival rate from 5.1 months to 7.5 with an approximate 36 percent of study participants living for at least 12 months. These results were announced on Sunday at the European Society for Medical Oncology’s annual meeting in Copenhagen, Denmark. Drug Pipeline Related Reads AstraZeneca Drug Candidate Fails in Lung Cancer Study Merck Seeks FDA Approval for Keytruda as First-Line Treatment BMS Gains Sixth Breakthrough Designation for Opdivo AbbVie, BMS Partner on Combined Checkpoint Inhibitor Trial Ryan Bushey Digital Editor @R_Bushey Full Bio > Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Drug Discovery & Development Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Contributor Guidelines Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials © Copyright 2016 Advantage Business Media Advertisement
MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Commercial > Merck outspends Bristol-Myers Squibb on journal ads for Keytruda Tweet Kevin McCaffrey October 11, 2016 Merck outspends Bristol-Myers Squibb on journal ads for Keytruda Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Merck's Keytruda and Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo, for all their similarities, have taken markedly different commercial strategies to selling their immuno-oncology drugs. Merck has spent more than double what Bristol-Myers Squibb has spent on Opdivo to promote Keytruda in professional journals targeting doctors. BMS has chosen a different route, electing to make huge splashes in direct-to-consumer advertising. In the first half of 2016, Keytruda was the thirteenth most advertised brand in professional journals, with Merck doling out more than $2 million to target doctors, according to Kantar Media. During the same time period, Opdivo didn't even break into the top 20 of advertised pharmaceutical brands — Bristol-Myers Squibb spent $863,000 on professional ads for the drug, significantly less than what Merck spent.   But that's not to say BMS hasn't promoted Opdivo. The company spent $37 million on DTC ads in the first quarter of 2016 and a total of $125 million advertising the therapy in 2015, while Merck spent only $7.3 million in DTC spending over the same time period. In fact, Bristol-Myers Squibb promoted the drug directly to consumers to such an extent that it came under fire from investors last year. An agency executive interviewed for this story said that “what you're seeing is two different strategies based on market position. Opdivo is getting the bulk of its business in second-line, and they lacked awareness of a hopeful treatment. I think it made sense for them to spend the money [on DTC].” Merck did not respond to requests for comment by press time.  See also: Pro ad report: All the data on journal spending in 1H 2016 The different tactics these companies have used thus far may dictate what their future marketing plans will look like as Merck near its FDA decision dates for treatment in first-line lung cancer, a decision that is expected to level the playing field between the two drugs. Keytruda is expected to go before the FDA on December 24. Deutsche Bank analyst Gregg Gilbert in January questioned the use of DTC as a tactic to promote Opdivo in second-line lung cancer during a Bristol-Myers Squibb earnings call, saying that adoption of immuno-oncology drugs was likely to grow regardless of whether or not the company promoted it directly to patients. BMS CEO Giovanni Caforio responded by defending the ad, Longer Life, saying the company wanted to dispel pessimism about oncology therapies that lack “significant value.” Credit Suisse analyst Vamil Divan defended the company's strategy, saying last week that “Bristol saw a need to do DTC, and they saw decent returns in terms of uptake by people coming to see their doctor. They knew they were going to be the market leader with their label and that drove them to be aggressive.” That strategy may have lead Opdivo to significantly higher sales. Opdivo brought in $942 million in 2015, compared to Keytruda's $566 million during the same year. See also: Opdivo bet backfires, creates opening for Merck to pursue DTC While BMS has seen success with DTC so far, now it may make less sense for the drugmaker going forward, Divan said. “The leader does more DTC advertising,” he added. “They want to bring patients in, but if you're the third or fourth best product, [patients] might not get your drug if someone else has 75% market share.” Opdivo recently suffered a development setback in the bid for a front-line indication when the drug missed its primary endpoint in a Phase-III trial in August. Merck, on the other hand, is expected to hear from the FDA by December 24 about whether Keytruda as a monotherapy will be approved as a front-line treatment. See also: BMS CEO defends use of DTC to promote cancer drug The same agency executive said he doesn't expect to see Merck make huge outlays for DTC if it scores that first-line approval. “I don't know that they need it,” he noted. “BMS needed [DTC] to make second-line patients aware and excited. Front line is different. Everyone gets there. However, I wouldn't put it past [Merck] to do a major PR play.” Divan believes that a Keytruda approval in the first-line may cause Bristol-Myers Squibb to change its strategy. “I don't see how it would benefit BMS in lung,” he said. “Most of [the market] share would go to Merck. They would just be helping their competitor.” Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Similar Articles AIDS foundation calls to pull Bristol-Myers Squibb ads Bristol-Myers Squibb gains approval for arthritis drug 20. Bristol-Myers Squibb Bristol-Myers Squibb offers $4.5 billion for ImClone People News: Bristol-Myers Squibb Related Topics Commercial Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Commercial Pro ad report: All the data on journal spending in 1H 2016 Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Before The Bell   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Merck & Co. (MRK) Jumped On Positive Study Results For Keytruda 10/11/2016 7:10 AM ET Merck & Co. (MRK) announced Sunday that its Keytruda drug demonstrated superiority in overall survival at 18 months in a phase 2/3 study, compared to standard of care chemotherapy, in treatment of metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. Merck gapped open higher Monday, but moved in a narrow range throughout the session. The stock ended the day with a gain of 1.13 at $63.90 on above average volume. At its intraday high of $64.86, Merck set a new high for the year. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America These Companies Are Sitting On Mountains Of Cash Before the bell ZELTIQ Aesthetics Inc. (ZLTQ) Jumped After Q3 Profit Topped Expectations Taser International Inc. (TASR) Climbed On Better Than Expected Q3 Earnings Avid Technology Inc. (AVID) Sank To A New Low After Q3 Profit Disappoints IBM Corp. (IBM) Climbed After Upgrade To Buy Shake Shack Inc. (SHAK) Rose To A 2-Month High On Q3 Results Kohl's Corp. (KSS) Broke Out To A 9-Month High After Q3 Profit Beat TubeMogul Inc. (TUBE) Soared After Bought By Adobe Systems SodaStream International Ltd. (SODA) Surged To A New High On Strong Q3 Earnings Lincoln National Corp. (LNC) Leaped To A New High For The Year Oshkosh Corp. (OSK) Broke Out To A New High For The Year Goldman Sachs Group (GS) Climbed To An 11-Month High Seattle Genetics Inc. (SGEN) Surged To A New High For The Year US Steel Corp. (X) Jumped To A 3-Month High After Upgrade Viasat Inc. (VSAT) Rose To A 6-Month High After Q2 Profit Topped Expectations TripAdvisor Inc. (TRIP) Tumbled To A New Low After Q3 Revenues Fell Short <<Previous        38 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Merck: Researchers To Provide More 30 Than Data Presentations At ID Week Merck Q3 Profit Rises; Lifts 2016 Outlook Merck & Co Q3 16 Earnings Conference Call At 8:00 AM ET Merck & Co Inc. Reports 10% Increase In Q3 Profit INO Slips On Clinical Hold, MRK Gets FDA Nod, Be All Ears For AKAO Trade MRK now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Viacom Q4 Adj. Profit Beats View, But Revenues Miss Munich Re Lifts FY16 Profit View As Q3 Profit Climbs; Stock Dips E.ON 9-month Attributable Net Loss Narrows; Maintains Weak FY16 Earnings View Pampered Puppies: PetSmart Offers Same Day Delivery Myers Industries Q3 Adj. Profit Misses View, But Revenues Beat Veterans Day Free Meals At Certain Chains ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President MDCO Tastes Bitter, PRTO Awaits Phase 3 Data In Dec., It's Time To Cherish IONS ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Pampered Puppies: PetSmart Offers Same Day Delivery Veterans Day Free Meals At Certain Chains Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Adecco Group Turns To Profit In Q3 - Quick Facts Deutsche Post DHL Q3 Profit Surges; Reaffirms FY16 Outlook - Quick Facts Crédit Agricole Group Q3 Underlying Net Income Group Share Up 4.1% - Quick Facts ArcelorMittal Turns To Profit In Q3; Sees Sequential Drop In Q4 Profit Nikon H1 Profit Up 54%; To Cut 1,000 Jobs In Restructuring - Quick Facts Henkel Q3 Profit Rises; Confirms 2016 Outlook Aixtron AG Posts Wider Loss In 9-month; Reiterates 2016 Revenue Guidance Rational Q3 Profit Edges Up; Confirms FY Outlook Elringklinger Q3 Profit Declines; Sees FY16 EBIT At Low End Of Range Toyota Motor H1 Profit Declines, Revenue Down 7.2%; Revises Forecasts Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Bristol-Myers Squibb, Myriad Genetics, and Twilio Slumped Today Despite a rising market, these stocks fell. Find out why. Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Oct 10, 2016 at 6:42PM The stock market performed well on Monday, with the Dow climbing 88 points and other major market benchmarks posting similar gains of roughly half a percent. Many investors were pleased with the continued advances in the crude oil market, where prices approached the $52-per-barrel level on news of potential supply constraints because of Russian production controls and measures from OPEC member nations. Yet even though the stock market rose and sent the Energy Select SPDR ETF (NYSEMKT:XLE) up more than 1.5%, some stocks nevertheless lost substantial ground. Among the worst perfomers were Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY), Myriad Genetics (NASDAQ:MYGN), and Twilio (NYSE:TWLO). Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb. Bristol faces a competitive setback Bristol-Myers Squibb lost more than 10% after a tough weekend for the drug-maker. On one hand, the company's presentation at the European Society for Medical Oncology showed few signs of any positive signs for its Checkmate-026 trial of its Opdivo candidate treatment for a form of lung cancer. At the same time, competitor Merck (NYSE:MRK) announced much more encouraging trial data for its Keytruda lung-cancer drug, setting the stage for a competitive showdown in which the odds will be very much in Merck's favor. If Merck gets the upper hand, then it will be extremely difficult for Bristol's Opdivo to meet the expectations that its shareholders have for the drug, and that could put even further pressure on the drug-maker's shares going forward. Analysts hit Myriad shares Myriad Genetics dropped 12% in the wake of an analyst's downgrade of the genetic testing company's stock. Analysts at Ladenburg Thalmann downgraded shares of Myriad Genetics from neutral to sell. The current target price of $16 per share for the stock would imply even further downside from current levels, and investors are increasingly worried about potential competition. For instance, Myriad currently relies heavily on its BRACAnalysis test for breast and ovarian cancer, but some potential competitors believe that they can offer reduced pricing that could hurt Myriad's business model in the long run. The question is how long Myriad can ride its first-mover advantage, but the prospect of an end to its competitive moat is making some Myriad Genetics shareholders take a hard look at their shares today. Twilio's early investors sell out Finally, Twilio plunged 14%. The company said late Friday that it would register a follow-on public offering of stock, allowing several of its existing stockholders to liquidate all or part of their holdings in the company. Twilio expects to issue $50 million in new stock in the offering, with the proceeds going to the company. However, the remaining $350 million in offered shares would represent holdings of third-party shareholders, and Twilio won't see any of those proceeds. The move comes as somewhat of a surprise because lock-up provisions for the newly public company weren't set to expire until late December. Given the success that the smartphone messaging and video specialist's stock has seen, it's no surprise that institutional investors want to book profits, and for long-term investors who believe in the company's prospects down the road, the drop could represent a good opportunity for more investment. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 6:42PM Financials Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.95 down $-1.01 (-1.55%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.37 down $0.29 (-0.51%) Myriad Genetics NASDAQ:MYGN $17.29 down $0.09 (-0.52%) Energy Select Sector SPDR NYSEMKT:XLE $69.46 down $-1.29 (-1.82%) Twilio Inc. NYSE:TWLO $31.56 up $0.06 (0.19%) Read More How Donald Trump Could Affect Your Personal Finances 4 Tax Moves You Can Make Today to Avoid an Audit Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 3 Undervalued Growth Stocks Ready to Be Bought Now The First Details of Intel Corporation's Gemini Lake Chip Emerge Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
U.S. stocks rise as energy companies and Apple move higher | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Donald Trump NAFTA Conservative leadership Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News CTV's Question Period W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement U.S. stocks rise as energy companies and Apple move higher People walk past the electronic board showing the Nikkei stock index, left, in Tokyo, Thursday, June 16, 2016. (AP / Shuji Kajiyama) Marley Jay, The Associated Press Published Monday, October 10, 2016 1:38AM EDT Last Updated Monday, October 10, 2016 12:47PM EDT NEW YORK -- U.S. stocks are rising Monday as energy companies rise in tandem with the price of oil, which is trading at a three-month high. Apple is climbing after new reports of fires affecting Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple's iPhone. That's sending technology stocks higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 97 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 18,337 as of 12:40 p.m. Eastern time. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 2,164. The Nasdaq composite added 41 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 5,333. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.33, or 2.7 per cent, to $51.14 a barrel in New York while Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.13, or 2.2 per cent, to $53.06 a barrel in London. Exxon Mobil climbed $1.56, or 1.8 per cent, to $88.30 and Murphy Oil added 64 cents, or 2.2 per cent, to $30.16. SHOT IN THE ARM: Drugmaker Mylan gained $3.11, or 8.7 per cent, to $39.05. On Friday the company agreed to pay $465 million to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid program for its EpiPen allergy shot. Legislators and federal health authorities had said Mylan wrongly classified EpiPen as a generic drug instead of a brand-name one, which meant Mylan paid lower rebates to federal and state Medicaid programs. The stock is down 20 per cent since late August. BRISTOL BUMPED: Bristol-Myers Squibb lost $5.55, or 10 per cent, to $49.89 after the company reported new data from a study of its drug Opdivo in lung cancer patients. Rival Merck rose $1.13, or 1.8 per cent, to $63.91 as investors were pleased with the outcome of a study of its cancer treatment Keytruda. Bristol-Myers stock has dropped 34 per cent since the company announced initial results from that trial in early August while Merck has gained 10 per cent. TWITTER BLOCKED: Social media network Twitter continued to fall as investors grew less optimistic that the company will be sold. Twitter sank $2.67, or 13.5 per cent, to $17.18. It fell 20 per cent Thursday on reports that possible buyers including Apple and Alphabet had decided not to make offers. Salesforce.com, which investors believe is a possible buyer, rose $4.25, or 6 per cent, to $75.16. SAMSUNG'S PAIN, APPLE'S GAIN: Apple climbed $2.24, or 2 per cent, to $116.30 as investors hope it will be able to sell more iPhones as competitor Samsung faced new problems with its Galaxy Note 7. Samsung said it has changed its production of the phones following reports that some of its replacement phones are overheating and catching fire, just as the original version of the phone did before Samsung recalled it last month. Samsung did not confirm or deny a report from a Korean news agency that it suspended production of the Note 7 phone. PESOS AND PRESIDENTS: The Mexican peso surged to 18.8815 from 19.2961 following a calamitous weekend for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Trump has criticized Mexico and its trade agreements with the U.S., so the peso has become something of an indicator of how investors feel about the election. The currency has tended to weak when investors feel Trump is doing better and gets stronger when investors feel more confident in Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton's chances. The U.S. buys about 80 per cent of Mexico's exports, which gives it a big influence on the Mexican economy. The peso has fallen sharply this year but is currently the strongest it's been in about a month. DOVER DIVES: Manufacturer Dover forecast a smaller profit and a bigger decline in revenue because of weaker spending in several industries and production problems in its retail refrigeration unit. The company also said its purchase of British company Wayne Fueling Systems won't close until early next year because regulators in the United Kingdom are still reviewing the deal. The stock gave up $4.93, or 6.8 per cent, to $67.31. OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX rose 1.3 per cent and the CAC-40 in France was 1.1 per cent higher. The FTSE 100 in London rose 0.8 per cent. The Kospi in South Korea rose 0.1 per cent. Japan's markets were closed for a holiday. CURRENCY: The dollar rose to 103.66 yen from 103.06 yen Friday. The euro fell to $1.1152 from $1.1182, and the British pound fell to $1.2383 from $1.2435. Bond trading was closed for the Columbus Day holiday. Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV Montreal: A shocking fine Air Date: November 13, 2016 false CTV News Channel: Candidates receive threats Air Date: November 13, 2016 false CTV's Question Period for Sunday, November 13, 2016 Air Date: November 13, 2016 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More news from Business Toyota to pay up to $3.4 billion to settle US truck lawsuit Unlimited vacation: The ultimate work perk, but experts warn of pitfalls Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week Chaos as millions in India crowd banks to exchange currency Lego won't advertise in Britain's Daily Mail anymore Computer outage briefly grounds flights on several airlines Join the conversation... Advertisement BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Weekly with Andrew McCreath for Friday, November 11, 2016 _ WATCH: Darren Sissons' Top Picks _ WATCH: Darren Sissons discusses Samsung _ WATCH: Darren Sissons discusses Walt Disney CTV News Video Network false At least two dead as 7.8 magnitude quake hits New Zealand CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 Powerful earthquake strikes New Zealand, killing 2 3 2 'Huge' opportunity for Canada following Trump's win 1 3 'Enjoy the super moonlight': Extra-special celestial treat happening Monday 2 4 Kellie Leitch: 'I am not a racist' 2 5 Missing Sask. girl found dead; Amber Alert cancelled 4 6 Anti-Trump protesters march by tens of thousands nationwide 7 7 Trump chooses Reince Priebus as White House chief of staff 8 8 Clinton blames FBI director for presidential election loss 9 Dave Chappelle, 'SNL' give thoughtful coda to election 1 10 Crowdfunding campaign for mother of slain Sask. girl raises more than $23K Don't Miss false Couple shocked after $441 fine for not registering dog false Special gift: Remembrance Day act of kindness creates bond false Moon's orbit to be closest to Earth since 1948 You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Canadians protest Donald Trump in Toronto 'There's nothing to come back to': 200 still displaced after July tornado in Manitoba Final work underway to lift sunken tug off B.C. coast WORLD Trump puts flame-throwing outsider on the inside Colombia tries again for peace with sides signing new accord Report: carbon emissions flat in last 3 years ENTERTAINMENT Leonard Cohen's son Adam thanks public for support following singer's death Rocker Leon Russell dies in Nashville 'Challenging language:' Edmonton academic studies versions of 1st Inuit novel HEALTH Three arthritis pain drugs prove safe for the heart It's not all in the genes: Clean living can cut heart risks Mother skeptical of investigation into son's deadly overdose at treatment centre POLITICS Conservative leadership rivals debate best path to reviving party fortunes Trudeau hopes to attract billions in private capital for infrastructure projects 'Huge' opportunity for Canada following Trump's win SCI-TECH At $800K a pop, new U.S. Navy destroyer's ammo is in question $12.9B, 4.5 acres: Navy's next-generation aircraft carrier 'Enjoy the super moonlight': Extra-special celestial treat happening Monday BUSINESS Toyota to pay up to $3.4 billion to settle US truck lawsuit Unlimited vacation: The ultimate work perk, but experts warn of pitfalls Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week SPORTS Jenning's late TD helps Lion beat Bombers in West semifinal Goydos wins Champions finale, Langer takes season title Usain Bolt to train with German soccer team Borussia Dortmund AUTOS Why the sky could be the limit for this Ferrari 250 GTO Porsche to stretch the appeal of the Panamera in LA Toronto police halt new 'militaristic' cars after council steps in Lifestyle Male MPs with kids work hard to mix fatherhood with politics American millennial on track to break world record for visiting every country on earth Norwegian grandmaster adds sex appeal to chess CTV News on the Go CTV News on the Go: Sunday, Nov. 13. 2016 Thousands call for South Korea's president to resign Russia clears 4,000 Nazi-era bombs in Crimea In Pictures   Lest we Forget: Remembrance Day marked in Canada Leonard Cohen, a life in pictures 'Not my president': Anti-Trump protests erupt Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2016 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 49° F Clear Hi: 55° F Lo: 38° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Latest Headlines 10 Things to Know for Monday Updated: 21 mins ago Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Monday: 1. TRUMP FILLS TWO KEY JOBS Republi… Japan’s economy grows 2.2 pct year-on-year in last quarter Updated: 23 mins ago TOKYO (AP) — Japan reports that its economy grew at a 2.2 percent annualized pace in the July-September quarter, better than many analysts h… Lawyers file motion to delay Trump University trial Updated: 33 mins ago Odor still lingers in Lackawanna, air quality deemed safe Updated: 48 mins ago Burglar dressed as ninja takes katana sword from card shop Updated: 13 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 49° F Clear Feels Like: 44° F Wind: SW 14 Humidity: 41% Dewpoint: 26° F Sunrise: 7:05 AM Sunset: 4:52 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 A Southern Tier family wants justice, not just for themselves, but for domestic violence victims across New York state. They think you shoul… EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Humboldt House cited for ‘rodent infestation’ issues August 9, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Zaynah Robinson leads Norfolk State over Shenandoah 78-58 Updated: 8 mins ago NORFOLK, Va. (AP) — Zaynah Robinson had 18 points and seven assists to lead Norfolk State over Division III Shenandoah 78-58 on Sunday night… No. 14 Miami women slip past Albany 77-53 Updated: 8 mins ago LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) — Laura Cornelius scored 12 points, including the go-ahead 3-pointer, to lead No. 14 Miami past Albany for a 77-53 win S… Oni, Downey lift Yale past Washington 98-90 Updated: 8 mins ago Southern California rallies to beat Omaha 82-72 Updated: 8 mins ago Women’s Top 25 Fared Updated: 38 mins ago Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 49° F Clear Hi: 55° F Lo: 38° F Asian stocks mostly up amid reports on Samsung, oil supply The Associated Press Published: October 10, 2016, 12:44 pm Updated: October 10, 2016, 11:24 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday, while South Korea’s benchmark fell following reports of fresh problems with Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 phone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.2 percent to 17,046.16. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. South Korea’s Kospi slipped 0.9 percent to 2,039.04. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added nearly 0.2 percent to 5,484.60. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was flat at 23,849.01, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.3 percent to 3,057.02. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed. SAMSUNG WOES: Shares in Samsung Electronics fell 5.4 percent after the company said it was sales of its Note 7 smartphones. It advised customers to turn off their devices or replace them. Samsung issued a worldwide recall of the Note 7, a huge phone-bordering-on-tablet with a powerful battery, in late September after the devices were found to have a tendency to catch fire. South Korean officials said Tuesday that replacement devices have also overheated or caught fire. WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. OIL AND RUSSIA: Oil prices fell slightly after spiking to their highest level in a year after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia, which is not a member of OPEC, supports a preliminary agreement by OPEC nations to cut oil output. THE QUOTE: “It was Russia to the rescue last night, as Vladimir Putin said Russia was ready to join with OPEC in creating a deal to curb production and pump up prices. At the same Energy Congress in Istanbul, the ever outspoken Algerian Energy Minister called on other non-OPEC producers to join them,” Jeff Halley, a senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a commentary. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 11 cents to $51.24. It added $1.54 to $51.35 a barrel in New York on Monday, its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 7 cents to $53.07 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 103.94 yen from 102.96 yen late Monday in Asia. The euro fell to $ 1.1128 from $1.1192. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Number of drug dependent babies in parts of WNY on track to double this year November 11, 2016 Hundreds of babies are expected to go through withdrawal this year as the opioid epidemic continues in Erie County. Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections News and weather for: [change] Health Sunday, Nov. 13, 2016    Last update: 8:39 p.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Blogs News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Merck tops as lung cancer treatment moves past chemotherapy Print Email Share Tweet By Naomi Kresge and Allison Connolly, Bloomberg Posted Oct. 10, 2016, at 12:34 p.m. Lung cancer treatment is moving beyond chemotherapy, with Merck and Co. setting the pace in a new category of therapies that harness the body’s immune system to fight tumors. The U.S. drugmaker’s Keytruda medicine reduced the risk of death or cancer progression by 50 percent, Merck said, unveiling details of a crucial study at a meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology. The medicine gave patients an average of 10.3 months before their cancer progressed, compared with six months on chemotherapy. Unlike competitor Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., whose similar drug Opdivo failed in an advanced trial and caused its stock to plunge, Merck selected patients who harbored high levels of a protein thought to predict how well the immune-system drugs will work. The results give Merck a head start — and not just on Bristol-Myers. Roche Holding and AstraZeneca are also in the race for the best new immune therapy against lung tumors, the most common cancer in the world. While Merck and Bristol-Myers are the leaders, each of the four companies will probably be able to take a piece of the market as data emerges from single and combination therapies for patients with various levels of the predictive protein, said Mirjam Heeb, who helps manage $186 million in health care stocks, including Bristol-Myers, Roche and Merck, at GAM Holding in Zurich. Story continues below advertisement. “We can assume now that Merck has a lead of at least 12 months” in its target patient group, Heeb said in a telephone interview. “But the overall landscape is changing so fast that I think it’s impossible to predict what it will look like in 12 months.” Doctors will probably start testing patients soon after diagnosis to see whether they’re suited to treatment with Keytruda and can forgo the many side effects of chemotherapy, said Stefan Zimmermann, a chief oncologist at the Cantonal Hospital of Fribourg, Switzerland. “The main reaction will actually be relief and renewed hope,” Zimmermann said Sunday from the meeting in Copenhagen. “We have been waiting for ways to ditch the good old chemotherapy that carries significant toxicity.” The Food and Drug Administration is set to decide by Dec. 24 whether Keytruda, already approved for patients whose lung cancer got worse after chemotherapy, can be used as an initial treatment too. Some 224,000 Americans will probably be diagnosed with lung tumors this year, according to the National Cancer Institute. Much of the battle for dominance in lung immune-oncology drugs thus far has centered on whether patients need to show high levels of a protein called PD-L1 to benefit. Merck’s trial focused on patients whose tumors expressed PD-L1 at least half the time. That group could comprise as many as one-quarter of newly-diagnosed lung-cancer patients, said Sam Fazeli, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. By contrast, Bristol-Myers’s competing therapy, Opdivo, failed a test as a sole treatment for lung cancer after the company included patients with lower levels of PD-L1. But details of the trial unveiled at the conference pointed to lackluster results even in a narrower group of patients with high PD-L1 levels. “PD-L1 assessment has to be part of the standard diagnostic workup,” said Corey Langer, director of the thoracic oncology program at the Abramson Cancer Center at the University of Pennsylvania. “Patients can’t wait for these results.” Shares of Merck have gained 19 percent this year, while Bristol has declined 19 percent. AstraZeneca has risen about 10 percent, and Roche has lost 13 percent. Langer led a smaller trial of Merck’s Keytruda also presented in Copenhagen, which combined the drug with chemotherapy and also let in all patients, no matter their PD-L1 levels. The combination was almost twice as successful at shrinking lung cancer tumors than a standard chemotherapy regimen. But with just 123 patients, the trial was too small to say for sure whether the combination is better than immune therapy alone, Langer said. Roche also presented results showing its immune therapy contender, Tecentriq, helped patients whose lung tumors had already progressed. Tecentriq was approved by regulators in May for advanced bladder cancer, and Roche expects a ruling from the FDA in second-line lung cancer by the end of next week. Results for newly diagnosed patients aren’t expected before 2018, however. By then, Fazeli said, investors will be focusing on combination therapies. The first results from two immune therapies used together will probably come next year from AstraZeneca. Bristol-Myers is also working on such a combination, with data due out in 2018. Like Merck, Roche is combining its immune-oncology drug with chemotherapy, aiming for approval in 2018. “Given the data you see here with Keytruda alone, the combinations should by logic and by data seem to do better,” Fazeli said. Jared S. Hopkins and Ketaki Gokhale contributed.   Recommend this article SEE COMMENTS → Previous story:« A new study says birth control pills may make you depressed, but that’s not news to many women Next story:United by pot, divided by policy: How Maine’s pro-marijuana forces disagree » News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Speed, alcohol cited as factors in crash that killed 2 on Golden Road Defying trend, Northeast Harbor on MDI says no to cruise ships The Mars Hill bank robbery that shocked Maine 45 years ago How LePage lost and won the 2016 election Speed, alcohol cited as factors in fatal rollover crash in The County Five things that explain Donald Trump’s stunning presidential election victory Trump owes women a sincere apology and a pledge before he becomes president Yes on 1 fallout Monday, Nov. 14, 2016: Make government dignified again, 2018 midterm crucial for Democrats, equality will prevail Why all Americans should stand for the national anthem UMaine football team beats Stony Brook, keeps playoff hopes alive Vivians powers No. 10 Mississippi State past UMaine women for tourney title ‘Where have most of the basketball positive role models gone, long time passing”? Maine Men’s Basketball: Just imagine Boetsch scores first-round TKO at UFC 205 RESEARCH SHOWS Moving forward: Six things you can do if you are dissatisfied with Tuesday’s election OFF THE RIM ‘Where have most of the basketball positive role models gone, long time passing”? GEORGE DANBY | EDITORIAL CARTOONIST Yes on 1 fallout THE GLOCAL The World Ahead of Us THE DRIVE DeVito’s Patriots notebook: Week 10 vs Seattle Leon Russell, musician known for dynamic performances, dies at 74 Five decades and 200 films later, Jackie Chan ‘finally’ wins Oscar Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs The Day Job The Spreadsheet or the People? The Spreadsheet or the People? Top Stories Buyers of North Woods lands hopeful about future of Maine forest products How a Trump presidency could affect life in Maine Navy veteran, 92, recalls attack on Pearl Harbor 75 years ago Transgender teen’s suicide raises concerns about Maine youth corrections center Crash on Interstate 95 near Medway leaves 1 dead, another in critical condition How LePage lost and won the 2016 election Messages of love replace campaign signs in Maine town Trump owes women a sincere apology and a pledge before he becomes president Similar Articles 5.31.2014 Eli Lilly drug prolongs survival in large lung cancer trial 10.9.2014 Scientists find lung cancer can lie hidden for 20 years 9.4.2015 Scientists turn to aspirin to turbo-charge cancer immunotherapy 1.25.2012 Studies: Avastin may fight early breast cancers 9.28.2015 Roche drug succeeds in hard-to-treat form of multiple sclerosis More in Health   What’s so great about the Community Connector?   Case of rare, infectious brain illness confirmed at Maine Med   Voters in York County towns demand end to water fluoridation   In a world gone mad, the answer might be a safety pin   Most Mainers who die by gun turned one on themselves Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska In its First Decade, Rotavirus Vaccination Has Saved Thousands of Children --CHOP and Wistar Vaccine Inventors Mark a Milestone in Global Public Health-- News provided by The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia Oct 10, 2016, 11:00 ET Share this article PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Vaccines are one of the paramount public health successes of the 20th century, and this new century has added another milestone to that history: vaccinations that block rotavirus, a major worldwide killer of children under five. Two Philadelphia research institutions are marking the 10th anniversary of a vaccine against rotavirus, a widespread microbe that infects the gastrointestinal system, causing severe, life-threatening diarrhea and vomiting. The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP) and The Wistar Institute carried out the early research, beginning in the 1980s, that culminated in the Rotateq® vaccine being approved by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration in 2006. It was added to the list of routine childhood vaccinations that same year. Together with Rotarix®, another rotavirus vaccine approved in 2008, vaccination efforts have profoundly reduced death and suffering from rotavirus infections in the U.S. and worldwide. Continue Reading Paul Offit, MD, director of the Vaccine Education Center at CHOP, fellow Rotateq(R) inventor Stanley Plotkin, MD, and Penny M. Heaton, MD, director of Vaccine Development at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, joined leaders from Wistar and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on a panel at an October 6 event held at The Wistar Institute: "Celebrating 10 Years of Rotavirus Prevention." "Before rotavirus vaccination, roughly half a million children would go to U.S. emergency rooms every year from this infection," said Paul Offit, MD, director of the Vaccine Education Center at CHOP, and one of the three co-inventors of Rotateq®. "Of that number, 75,000 children would be hospitalized with severe dehydration, and 20 to 60 would die. Today, child hospitalizations from rotavirus have dropped by 85 percent in this country." Worldwide, progress has occurred, but much remains to be done. "Rotavirus kills almost 2,000 children each day throughout the world, but as the vaccines get into low-income parts of Asia, Africa and Latin America, they will save hundreds of children's lives per day," said Offit. Offit, fellow Rotateq® inventor Stanley Plotkin, MD, and Penny M. Heaton, MD, director of Vaccine Development at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, joined leaders from Wistar and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on a panel at an October 6 event held at The Wistar Institute: "Celebrating 10 Years of Rotavirus Prevention.*" "This event is a great opportunity to celebrate the development, implementation and impact of the Rotateq® vaccine, but most importantly to tell the story of the scientists involved, the hurdles and successes of the work and the incredible impact that was made across the globe," said Dario C. Altieri, MD, president and CEO of The Wistar Institute and director of Wistar's Cancer Center. Offit and Plotkin, along with H Fred Clark, DVM, PhD, were the scientific trio who performed early research on rotavirus between 1980 and 1991 at both CHOP and Wistar. Plotkin was a veteran vaccine researcher, having already invented the vaccine for rubella (German measles). Clark, a veterinarian, understood how rotavirus infected all mammals, and isolated a bovine strain of rotavirus that served as a foundation for the new vaccine. And Offit, fresh from his pediatric residency, drew on his training in immunology and virology to help design the optimal combination of components to prevent rotavirus's worst effects. For those efforts, the three scientists shared CHOP's highest honor, its Gold Medal, in 2006. Clark died in 2012. Building on this initial research, Merck & Co., Inc. tested the Rotateq® vaccine between 1990 and 2006 in a series of studies spanning 11 countries and involving 72,000 subjects. "From research to development to implementation, each phase becomes successively more difficult—and expensive," said Offit. At the time, Heaton was Merck's senior director for vaccine clinical research and chaired the development team for the Rotateq® vaccine. She was instrumental in the advancement of Rotateq®, which went on to be licensed in numerous countries across the world and recommended by leading health organizations for all infants worldwide. Because many developing countries cannot afford to buy and administer vaccines, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, where Heaton now directs vaccine development, is supporting a global campaign to bring rotavirus vaccination to areas that need it most. "As the scientific community continues to make important contributions to the fields of virology and vaccinology, we look to the visionaries, whose groundbreaking discoveries have led to the creation of innovative vaccines that can halt the spread of disease and improve public health worldwide," said Altieri. "The Rotateq® vaccine is one of those major achievements that has a significant and positive global impact, saving countless lives and promoting healthy futures for the citizens of the world." About The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia: The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia was founded in 1855 as the nation's first pediatric hospital. Through its long-standing commitment to providing exceptional patient care, training new generations of pediatric healthcare professionals, and pioneering major research initiatives, Children's Hospital has fostered many discoveries that have benefited children worldwide.  Its pediatric research program is among the largest in the country.  In addition, its unique family-centered care and public service programs have brought the 535-bed hospital recognition as a leading advocate for children and adolescents. For more information, visit http://www.chop.edu About The Wistar Institute: The Wistar Institute is an international leader in biomedical research with special expertise in cancer research and vaccine development. Founded in 1892 as the first independent nonprofit biomedical research institute in the United States, Wistar has held the prestigious Cancer Center designation from the National Cancer Institute since 1972. The Institute works actively to ensure that research advances move from the laboratory to the clinic as quickly as possible. www.wistar.org. *Additional information is available upon request Contacts: Natalie Virgilio The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (267) 426-6246 Virgilion@email.chop.edu Dari Sutton The Wistar Institute (215) 898-3988 dsutton@wistar.org Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161010/426803   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/in-its-first-decade-rotavirus-vaccination-has-saved-thousands-of-children-300341839.html SOURCE The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia Related Links http://www.chop.edu Oct 13, 2016, 10:05 ET Preview: Teens Comply with Legislated Driving Restrictions on Vast Majority of Trips Oct 04, 2016, 09:15 ET Preview: Gene Found that Raises Risk of Childhood Ear Infections My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 12, 2016, 09:05 ETBystander CPR Improves Survival, Neurological Outcomes in U.S.... Nov 08, 2016, 13:07 ETN. Scott Adzick, MD, CHOP's Surgeon-in-Chief, Recognized by... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Infection Control Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: In its First Decade, Rotavirus Vaccination Has Saved Thousands of Children News provided by The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia Oct 10, 2016, 11:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Bristol-Myers' Opdivo Vs. Merck's Keytruda In Front-Line Lung Treatment Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 10, 2016 10:25am   Comments Share: Related BMY Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? The Election Can't Come Soon Enough For Biotechs Bristol-Myers cancer drug combo shows promise (Seeking Alpha) Related MRK Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election AmpliPhi Biosciences Sweetens Follow-On Offering Terms (Seeking Alpha) Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) shares are pushing higher by 1.9 percent on Monday following the company’s encouraging new data on Keytruda. On Sunday, Merck reported that Keytruda reduced patient deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone and cut disease progression in half. While that data is great news for Merck shareholders, it’s a blow to competitor Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY), which is down 8.7 percent in early Monday trading. Bristol-Myers released the full data on disappointing cancer drug Opdivo over the weekend, and the results were even worse than investors had feared. Opdivo has yet to demonstrate that it can slow tumor growth or save lives better than current chemotherapy methods. Barclays analyst Geoff Meacham sees a clear winner between the two drugs. According to Meacham, Merck could be looking at a potential Keytruda market of up to 60 percent of eligible IL lung patients. “We see the Keytruda data driving an upward bias to consensus forecasts and further upside in MRK shares while the surprises in CM-026 and uncertain timelines for the next front line data readouts are likely to dash the Bristol hope trade coming into this meeting,” Meacham explains. Related Link: Ariad Pharmaceuticals Raises Cancer Drug Price For The 4th Time This Year Barclays notes that each 5 percent of 1L market share equates to $150 million in 2018 sales. Following the latest data from the two companies, Barclays maintains an Equal-Weight rating on Bristol-Myers and an Overweight rating on Merck. Latest Ratings for BMY Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Hilliard Lyons Upgrades Neutral Long-Term Buy Oct 2016 Credit Suisse Maintains Neutral Sep 2016 Citigroup Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for BMY View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Barclays Geoff MeachamAnalyst Color Biotech News Top Stories Analyst Ratings General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BMY + MRK) Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election Technical Alert: Merck Reaches $65 And Retreats Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs Biotech Is Getting A Big Boost Following Clinton's Loss View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BMY Trending Recent 1 YELP, CRCM: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 2 BABA: Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba 3 RGR, FB: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Str... 4 DIS: The Disney Story Just Became All About 2018 5 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 6 GOOG, VIVHY: 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need T... 7 CPLA, CVS: Barron's Picks And Pans: Tr... 1 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 2 BAC, RGR: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Strategies 3 BREW, DEO: Reads For The Weed-Kend: Beyond Marijuana Stocks, New Oppor... 4 PFE, CPLA: Barron's Picks And Pans: Trump Stocks, Thermo... 5 TGT, HD: High Earnings Expectations For Home Depot,... 6 YELP, GRPN: 'Trump And Dump' Scenar... 7 DIS, TWX: The Simpsons And 7 Great... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products USD/CAD Extends Losses Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Intraday Alerts   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Merck & Co. (MRK) Is Rising On Study Results For Keytruda 10/10/2016 9:43 AM ET Merck & Co. (MRK) announced Sunday that its Keytruda drug demonstrated superiority in overall survival at 18 months in a phase 2/3 study, compared to standard of care chemotherapy, in treatment of metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. Merck has gapped open higher Monday morning and is now up 1.39 at $64.16. The stock has climbed above a 2-month trading range and has set a new high for the year. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America These Companies Are Sitting On Mountains Of Cash Momentum Esterline Technologies Corp. (ESL) Is Up Sharply After Q4 Report Photronics Inc. (PLAB) Has Dropped To A 4-Month Low On Weak Q4 Outlook PTC Therapeutics Inc. (PTCT) Has Climbed To A 3-Week High Walt Disney Co. (DIS) Has Risen To A 3-Month High Despite Q4 Miss NVIDIA Corp. (NVDA) Has Jumped To A New High On Strong Q3 Earnings Encore Capital Group (ECPG) Is Rising Following Q3 Report Shake Shack Inc. (SHAK) Has Surged To A 3-Month High On Q3 Results Dillard's Inc. (DDS) Is Up Sharply Ahead Of Earnings Report Kohl's Corp. (KSS) Has Surged To A 10-Month High On Strong Q3 Results Taser International Inc. (TASR) Is Sharply Higher After Q3 Profit Beat SodaStream International Ltd. (SODA) Is Climbing On Strong Q3 Earnings ZELTIQ Aesthetics Inc. (ZLTQ) Is Up Sharply After Q3 Earnings Beat TubeMogul Inc. (TUBE) Has Jumped To A 6-Month High After Bought By Adobe Avid Technology Inc. (AVID) Has Tumbled To A New Low After Q3 Miss Hill-Rom Holdings (HRC) Is Accelerating To The Downside <<Previous        37 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Merck: Researchers To Provide More 30 Than Data Presentations At ID Week Merck Q3 Profit Rises; Lifts 2016 Outlook Merck & Co Q3 16 Earnings Conference Call At 8:00 AM ET Merck & Co Inc. Reports 10% Increase In Q3 Profit INO Slips On Clinical Hold, MRK Gets FDA Nod, Be All Ears For AKAO Trade MRK now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Viacom Q4 Adj. Profit Beats View, But Revenues Miss Munich Re Lifts FY16 Profit View As Q3 Profit Climbs; Stock Dips E.ON 9-month Attributable Net Loss Narrows; Maintains Weak FY16 Earnings View Pampered Puppies: PetSmart Offers Same Day Delivery Myers Industries Q3 Adj. Profit Misses View, But Revenues Beat Veterans Day Free Meals At Certain Chains ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President MDCO Tastes Bitter, PRTO Awaits Phase 3 Data In Dec., It's Time To Cherish IONS ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Pampered Puppies: PetSmart Offers Same Day Delivery Veterans Day Free Meals At Certain Chains Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Adecco Group Turns To Profit In Q3 - Quick Facts Deutsche Post DHL Q3 Profit Surges; Reaffirms FY16 Outlook - Quick Facts Crédit Agricole Group Q3 Underlying Net Income Group Share Up 4.1% - Quick Facts ArcelorMittal Turns To Profit In Q3; Sees Sequential Drop In Q4 Profit Nikon H1 Profit Up 54%; To Cut 1,000 Jobs In Restructuring - Quick Facts Henkel Q3 Profit Rises; Confirms 2016 Outlook Aixtron AG Posts Wider Loss In 9-month; Reiterates 2016 Revenue Guidance Rational Q3 Profit Edges Up; Confirms FY Outlook Elringklinger Q3 Profit Declines; Sees FY16 EBIT At Low End Of Range Toyota Motor H1 Profit Declines, Revenue Down 7.2%; Revises Forecasts Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Roche Optimistic After Merck’s Surprising Chemo-Combo Success Naomi Kresge naomikresge October 10, 2016 — 7:34 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Roche Holding AG pointed to the success of a study by Merck & Co. as a sign that both companies are on the right track in pairing new immune-oncology drugs with an old standby of lung-cancer treatment: chemotherapy. Roche’s own “aggressive approach” to experimenting with chemotherapy combinations was bolstered by Merck’s results in studying the impact of using its Keytruda medicine with the older treatment regimen, Dan Chen, the Swiss drugmaker’s global head of cancer immunotherapy, said in an interview on Monday. Merck’s combination was almost twice as successful at shrinking lung tumors in a mid-stage study than the standard treatment alone. “We are not throwing spaghetti on a wall,” said Chen, speaking from the European Society for Medical Oncology’s annual meeting in Copenhagen. “We’re throwing darts, and with each dart trying to answer an important question.” Both Merck and Roche are running larger final-stage studies, with results due starting next year, that could be used to seek approval to start selling a chemo-immunotherapy combination. One possibility is that chemotherapy combinations will be used mostly in patients shown to benefit less from stand-alone immune therapy, Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. analysts said in a note. Chemotherapy combinations will also probably cost health systems less than pairing two immune therapy drugs. “If the data is comparable, also on durability, it’s going to be the cheaper option,” said Mirjam Heeb, who helps manage $186 million in health-care stocks, including Roche and Merck, at GAM Holding AG in Zurich. “Looking at the discussion we have around drug pricing, it is going to be competitive.” Roche is also testing more than 20 combinations of immune therapies. The company reported successful stand-alone results from its Tecentriq medicine on Saturday in lung-cancer patients who had already tried at least one other drug unsuccessfully. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Roche Holding AG Merck & Co Cancer Drugs Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MERCK & CO AKTIE»Merck Announces Study Results Of KEYTRUDA MERCK & CO INC 58,74  Euro -0,822 -1,38 % WKN: A0YD8Q  ISIN: US58933Y1055 Ticker-Symbol: 6MK  Frankfurt | 11.11.16 | 16:56 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 58,58 59,17 13.11. 58,80 59,07 11.11. 10.10.2016 | 03:53 (17 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Merck Announces Study Results Of KEYTRUDA WHITEHOUSE STATION (dpa-AFX) - Merck (MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, announced results from two major studies of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), the company's anti-PD-1 therapy, in the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) at the ESMO 2016 Congress. KEYNOTE-024, published in The New England Journal of Medicine, showed KEYTRUDA as monotherapy demonstrated superior progression-free and overall survival compared to chemotherapy as first-line treatment in patients with high hevels of PD-L1 expression. In KEYNOTE-024, which evaluated squamous and non-squamous NSCLC patients whose tumors expressed high levels of PD-L1 (tumor proportion score, or TPS, of 50 percent or more), KEYTRUDA provided a 50 percent reduction in the risk of disease progression or death and a 40 percent reduction in the risk of death compared to platinum doublet, the current standard of care. KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G, published in The Lancet Oncology, showed KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy demonstrated superior efficacy compared to chemotherapy alone as first-Line treatment. In KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G, which included patients with metastatic non-squamous NSCLC regardless of PD-L1 expression level, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) plus chemotherapy (carboplatin plus pemetrexed) achieved a 55 percent objective response rate (ORR) compared to 29 percent for chemotherapy alone, the standard of care, and reduced the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu MERCK & CO INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 02:43 Merck's triple combo HCV candidate achieves cure rates as high as 100% in mid-stage studies ► Artikel lesen So 1832 Asset Management L.P. Raises Stake in Merck & Co. ► Artikel lesen Fr BMS' Opdivo evens the head-and-neck cancer score with Merck's Keytruda ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck & Co. EVP Sells €5,133,090.46 in Stock ► Artikel lesen Fr Why You Should (and Shouldn't) Buy Merck ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart MERCK & CO INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % MERCK & CO INC 58,74 -1,38 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Gilead Sciences, Inc. Is More Than an HCV Play (GILD) Investors have some tough choices to make in Gilead stock By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Oct 12, 2016, 6:13 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 10 Stocks to Buy If Donald Trump Becomes President The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Rest of 2016 Recent Posts: Why Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN), Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) and Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (USA) (AEM) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock’s Karma Drone Recall Was the Last Straw JCPenney Q3 Earnings Crush JCP Stock, Put Turnaround in Doubt View All Posts A year ago almost to the day, Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD) was riding high. GILD stock was basking in the glow of a 59% gain dished out during the twelve months before that on stabilizing growth in sales of its hepatitis C drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni. Source: Gilead Sciences What a difference a year makes. Already down 30% year-to-date before today, on Tuesday, Gilead stock hit a new 52-week low on doubts about the company’s future, and doubts specifically about its once-red-hot hepatitis portfolio that’s increasingly facing lower-cost competition. Not that the concerns aren’t merited, but the sellers appear to have overshot their target by underestimating everything else Gilead Sciences has going for it. Impossible Expectations Calling a spade a spade, there was no way Gilead’s hepatitis therapies Epclusa, Sovaldi and Harvoni were going to maintain list prices of $74,760, $84,000 and $94,500, respectively. If competition wasn’t going to undermine the company’s pricing power, regulatory and economic pressure would. 10 Stocks That Every Investor Should Own As it turns out, competitors have done most of that right-sizing work … competitors like Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) and AbbVie Inc (NYSE:ABBV). Merck recently unveiled hepatitis C treatment Zepatier at a price of only $54,600, and while the HCV-fighting Viekira Pak’s price is on par with Sovaldi’s cost, it’s still able to siphon off some of Gilead’s hepatitis C business. More alternatives have been surfacing, and will continue to do so. It’s a problem for shareholders now, as the bulk of the bullishness seen from Gilead stock since 2012 has been predicated on smashing sales success with its hepatitis portfolio. As it turns out, as big as HCV was supposed to be for Gilead, it’s still got a huge number of other ways to make money. Not Just an HCV Play It’s difficult to recall a time when its hepatitis drugs weren’t the primary reason to own Gilead stock, but don’t forget that Gilead was and still is the HIV/AIDS treatment leader. As of the latest tally, Gilead controls roughly half of the HIV market, and HIV revenue accounts for approximately 40% of Gilead’s total business. That’s less than the 52% of corporate sales driven by its hepatitis products, but not considerably less. The non-HCV pieces of its portfolio can drive sales growth, too. To that end, the approvals of HIV drugs Odefsey and Descovy earlier this year represent an underappreciated growth opportunity for Gilead. Both drugs are TAF-based regimens. TAF, short for tenofovir alafenamide fumarate, works using the same basic principle as other Gilead HIV drugs — namely Truvada and Complera — but without the inherent toxicity of those drugs. TAF can be dosed at about one-tenth the necessary dose of its other HIV medications. However, it’s still going to be a while before it even has a chance of becoming a marketable product, Gilead and R&D partner Galapagos NV (ADR) (NASDAQ:GLPG) recently announced the Crohn’s disease treatment the two were working on showed promising efficacy through its phase 2 trial so far. Perhaps the most compelling reason one would want to step into Gilead stock as it’s well into new 52-week low territory, however, is the $8.7 billion worth of cash it’s sitting on. Next Page   1 2 View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/gilead-sciences-inc-gild-stock-cheap-undervalued/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 3:50pm Mon 14 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Tennis Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Note 7 to 'nipplegate' - 10 PR disasters 10:28 AM Wednesday Oct 12, 2016 Add a comment SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Advertising Marketing Samsung Group Telecommunications PR disasters can strike a corporation at any time. Photo / AP Samsung's faulty Galaxy Note 7 may be causing headaches for the company but it's not the first time - and it won't be the last - that a brand finds itself in a PR nightmare. We take a look at ten of the top PR disasters. Bridgestone tire debacle In 1988, Bridgestone tires began receiving complaints about tire treads separating resulting in accidents. In 2000, they announced a recall of 6.5 million tires after a large-scale investigation in the US. "Touch of Yoghurt" shampoo Beauty and hygiene companies have begun incorporating natural food ingredients into products over the years with Clairol creating the Touch of Yoghurt shampoo. Many consumers became confused however and tried to eat the shampoo with several becoming quite sick. Financial benefit to smoking American tobacco giant Philip Morris released the results of a study it had conducted attempting to prove that smoking was financially beneficial for the government. In its study, the company said money was saved in health-care, pension and public housing costs, "due to the early deaths of smokers". This didn't go down too well and the company canned further studies on the subject. Fashion faux pas Clothing brand Abercrombie & Fitch came under fire in 2002 for releasing a line of t-shirts depicting caricatures of Asian stereotypes. When asked about it, the company said, "We personally thought Asians would love this T-shirt". This was followed up a month later with the release of racy g-strings in childrens' sizes aimed at girls aged 10-14. Racist boardgame "Get rich by buying stolen properties, pimpin' hoes, building crack houses and getting car jacked!" - lines from Urban Outfitters 2003 Ghettopoly game, a twist on traditional monopoly. Customers were quick to complain about what they said was a racist board game and inappropriate with cards such as "You got yo whole neighborhood addicted to crack. Collect $50". Problem painkillers Pharmaceutical giant Merck faced hundreds of lawsuits in 2004 after it continued to sell painkiller Vioxx even though preliminary studies suggested it posed a potential heart health risk. The product was recalled but the business came under fire after reports that it knew about the risk and continued to promote the drug. In 2009, Merck finally settled litigation for a reported US$80 million. Cartoon Network causes bomb scare In 2007 to promote its latest show "Aqua Teen Hunger Force", television channel Cartoon Network placed light up signs in random public places. Unfortunately members of the public thought the devices were bombs, and police were inundated with phone calls. Bomb squads were deployed, and parts of the subway system were shut down for a period of time. The head of Cartoon Network eventually resigned over the incident. Bailout money for corporate retreat Insurance company AIG received $85 billion in government bailout money in 2008 after hitting financial issues. Just a week later however, the company spent a reported just under half a million on a corporate retreat at the St. Regis in California, prompting condemnation from the White House. Deadly Pinto The Ford Pinto tops the list for many as one of the worst cars produced after it was revealed it had a tendency to erupt in flames in rear-end collisions. The company eventually issued a recall of 1.5 million of the cars, however not before it caused an estimated 180 deaths. "Nipplegate" Janet Jackson's famous wardrobe malfunction at the 2004 Super Bowl resulted in 540,000 complaints from viewers and a fine of $550,000 for network CBS. Since the event, often referred to as "Nipplegate", networks have implemented tape delays to live broadcasts and imposed stricter regulation on halftime shows. - NZ Herald Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Have your say 1200 characters left By and large our readers' comments are respectful and courteous. We're sure you'll fit in well. View commenting guidelines. Post comment to Facebook Comment posted Thank you for sharing your views. Your comment has been received, you need to verify your registration before the comment can be moderated Please check your inbox and click the verification link to complete the registration. Once you login, you can post further comments and view comments made in your profile. There may be a delay before it appears on the site due to high volumes and comment moderation on some articles; however we endeavour to post all your views, within reason, so please check back later Continue posting to Facebook Post another comment Comment posted Thank you for sharing your views. Your comment has been received. There may be a delay before it appears on the site due to high volumes and comment moderation on some articles; however we endeavour to post all your views, within reason, so please check back later Continue posting to Facebook Post another comment Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Rosemary McLeod: Morgan's timing is perfect The timing was right: catch the momentum of the American election, and eclipse it. The… Hawke's Bay Today Clive Bibby: Politicians need to do what they promise Most of the writers of opinion pieces expressing horror at the outcome of the US elections… Bay of Plenty Times No warnings at Tauranga rail crossings tonight From 6pm today until 7am tomorrow Tauranga rail crossings will have no active alarms… Our Features' Top Stories Driven TFM Ferrari first Kiwi squad home at Highlands Auckland Ferrari team bounce back to take win at Cromwell classic... Viva Give peas a chance with these 8 recipes Tiny and full of goodness: try these recipes containing delicious peas True Commercial RECENT DEALS for November 12 Recent Deals More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 14 Nov 2016 15:50:20 Processing Time: 414ms
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 fallout: From availability to dead in less than 8 weeks Samsung's decision to shelve the Galaxy Note 7 forever won't rank historically as other recalls from the likes of Merck, Johnson & Johnson and Toyota, but the fallout will be significant. By Larry Dignan for Between the Lines | October 11, 2016 -- 11:42 GMT (04:42 PDT) | Topic: Innovation Now the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 could become a collector's item--albeit one that's a bit dangerous. The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is dead after less than 8 weeks from initial availability. Now it's time for the repercussions. Samsung had what appeared to be the perfect business-meets-personal device in the Galaxy Note 7. The reviews were strong, the device was sleek and it appeared that Samsung had one-upped Apple's iPhone 7, which was supposed to be an incremental upgrade. more galaxy note 7 Galaxy Note 8 is planned, Korean Note 7 buyers will get it half price ​Samsung ends Galaxy Note 7 production and sales, for good Exploding batteries: A serious charge Banned from all airline flights in US The fallout: From availability to dead in less than 8 weeks Will Note 7 failure kill Android? Here are some Note 7 alternatives Galaxy Note 7: The return process Owners are still using recalled Note 7 devices And then batteries started fires. Samsung moved quickly with a recall that had its issues and replaced devices. Then those replacement devices started catching fire too. Production ends abruptly. It's rare that a company conducts a recall and then the fix is just as faulty. Now the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 could become a collector's item--albeit one that's a bit dangerous. What remains to be seen is how Samsung's brand is hit in the long-run. Make no mistake that there's a lot riding on the Samsung brand. Consider: The Galaxy Note 7 was a flagship device that unified Samsung's high-end smartphones. Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 was a device that carried the innovation flag for the company. Sure, semiconductors and displays also scream innovation for Samsung, but components aren't as personal as smartphones. The company has a budding business-to-business unit that would have benefited from the Galaxy Note 7. And Samsung's handling of the recall, return and then ultimate end of the Note 7 raises many questions about the company. That handling could impact all of Samsung's product lines in the home. Initially, there's no need to panic. Toyota (faulty pedals), Takata (air bags), Merck (Vioxx), Johnson & Johnson (Tylenol) and many other companies have all had massive product recalls and recovered. The fact that the Galaxy Note 7's product cycle went a bit more than 7 weeks indicates that the damage could be limited. Macquarie analyst Daniel Kim said in a research note: The prolonged negative publicity does not help Samsung brand value. However, as long as this is a fleeting issue and can be fixed in the coming Galaxy S8 phone. That view may be optimistic. Here's the rub. The Galaxy S8 is going to suffer some fallout. There will inevitably be a punch line or two. And a Galaxy Note 8 will face intense scrutiny. Battery jokes will persist. Here's a look at the fallout: Samsung's brand as an engineering and device innovator takes a hit. There's no way around the fact that Samsung rushed the Galaxy Note 7 out too quickly. The company needs a full investigation and post mortem about what went wrong. Controls need to be revamped. And Samsung has to conduct and publish its internal investigation publicly and transparently. Google could become a high-end hardware maker. Google launched its latest smartphone with the Pixel and Pixel XL last week and outlined a series of innovations that are interesting. The problem for tech buyers is that the price is high for the Pixel. However, Samsung may cede that premium price point position and Google could grab it. Google's hardware event: First peek at Pixel... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 39 NEXT PREV Apple gains. The iPhone 7 is an opening act for the 10th anniversary device next year, but Apple has solidified its reputation for quality at Samsung's expense. The Android ecosystem heads to the bottom. Samsung is the strongest hardware player in the Android ecosystem. Samsung's issues with the Galaxy Note 7 will entice a bevy of lower-end rivals to move up market. There's a reason that Google is taking its own hardware fate into its hands--the Android hardware field has a lot of questions. See: Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse. Samsung takes a big financial hit. From development to dud to dead Samsung will lose a lot of money on the Galaxy Note 7. Some of the technologies such as iris scanning will live on, but the development of the Galaxy Note 7 will deliver no returns. Samsung has its component businesses that carry the company, but the costs are going to be high. Now the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is dead, here... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 6 NEXT PREV Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation ​Licences go digital in New South Wales Innovation Artificial skin improves home care robots Artificial Intelligence ​How an Indian firm predicted a Trump victory when every American pollster got it wrong Artificial Intelligence Google Soli: Palm-sized radar could rev up checkouts by telling apples from oranges Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. Subscription failed. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Health Care Giants Merck, UnitedHealth Sink DJIA Tuesday By Paul Ausick October 11, 2016 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet October 11, 2016: Markets opened lower Tuesday on another light newsday with no significant economic data scheduled for release. The FOMC meeting minutes are set to be released Wednesday, along with the JOLTS report. Every sector traded in the red late this afternoon with healthcare leading the drop and basic materials also down more than 1.5%. WTI crude oil for November delivery settled at $50.79 a barrel, down 1.1% for the day. December gold closed down 0.4% on the day to settle at $1,255.90. Equities were headed for a lower close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down by 1.09% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 1.22%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded down 1.54%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Tuesday was Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) traded down 3.11% at $61.91. The stock’s 52-week range is $47.97 to $64.86. Volume was less than 10% above the daily average of around 9.8 million shares. The company had no specific news Tuesday. UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE: UNH) which traded down 2.35% at $134.83. The stock’s 52-week range is $107.51 to $144.48. Trading volume was about 15% below the daily average of around 3 million. The health insurance giant had no specific news. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) traded down 2.26% at $37.16. The stock’s 52-week range is $27.68 to $38.36. Volume was less than 10% below the daily average of around 21.8 million shares. The world’s largest chipmaker had no specific news Tuesday. American Express Co. (NYSE: AXP) traded down 1.76% at $60.81. The stock’s 52-week range is $50.27 to $77.61. Volume was about 40% below the daily average of around 4 million shares. The financial services firm had no specific news either. Of the 30 Dow index stocks just 2 are on track to close higher Tuesday and 28 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Biostar Pharma Skyrockets on New Chinese Product Launch Bristol-Myers, Gilead Slide Into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, American Express (NYSE:AXP), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Net Worth of American Presidents: Washington to Trump The Largest Employer in Every State The Next 14 States to Legalize Marijuana The Most Republican County in Each State Recent SEC Charges Israeli Firm With Misleading Investors About Binary Options Facebook Use Surge Ahead Of Other Social Media After the Election, 7 Major Infrastructure Winners for 2017 and Beyond Massive Icahn Trades Highlight Huge Insider Buying: Hertz Global, Herbalife, CBRE, Seattle Genetics and More Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How Donald Trump Could Affect Your Personal Finances 4 Tax Moves You Can Make Today to Avoid an Audit Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Donald Trump phoned Mitt Romney, who Trump often criticized, after election win: NBC TLT declines 7.4% over the past week The iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF suffers worst weekly loss ever Southcross (SXE): Moving Average Crossover Alert NetApp (NTAP) to Post Q2 Earnings: What's in the Cards? Top Ranked Momentum Stocks to Buy for November 11 th A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively How Donald Trump Could Affect Your Personal Finances 4 Tax Moves You Can Make Today to Avoid an Audit Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Trump's Dismantling Of Dodd-Frank May Be In The Works Trump Kids To Run Business While On Transition Team Fusion Staff Votes Overwhelmingly To Unionize Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room SOURCE: Megaputer Intelligence Inc. October 11, 2016 13:11 ET Analytics for Pharma Seminar + Workshop in Bloomington, IN on November 16-17, 2016 BLOOMINGTON, IN--(Marketwired - October 11, 2016) - Megaputer Intelligence announces the Analytics for Pharma seminar to be hosted on November 16, 2016 in Bloomington, IN. Leading practitioners will present analytical solutions they developed for addressing typical challenges encountered in the pharmaceutical and life sciences domains: the analysis of call center transcripts, employee survey responses, adverse event reports, and service notes for medical devices. Participants will learn how to solve pharma and life sciences tasks through the use of advanced text analytics techniques and standard industry resources, such as semantic dictionaries and ontologies. Megaputer analysts will provide an overview of how text analysis systems can help researchers automatically derive features and relationships of interest from academic publications and how a pharma company can perform competitive intelligence through the analysis of social media data. Speakers from Eli Lilly and Merck will present recent successful applications of advanced text analytics at their companies. The seminar will serve as a convenient setup for networking and sharing knowledge with thought leaders from other pharma companies. Megaputer analysts will outline the typical steps and challenges one encounters when implementing a text analysis solution at a pharma company. In addition, they will discuss theoretical foundations and practical implementations of systems for the analysis of BIG DATA. The seminar will be followed by a one-day, hands-on workshop arming attendees with practical skills for solving typical text analysis tasks in the pharma and life sciences domains. "Analytics for Pharma seminar and workshop will equip both non-technical users and data scientists from pharma companies with a thorough understanding of how their companies can benefit from implementing text analysis solutions based on concrete examples of success," says Daniel Priver, Senior Data Analysis Consultant with Megaputer Intelligence. "It provides a unique setup for gaining knowledge about typical applications and useful techniques in advanced text analytics for pharma and the life sciences." About Megaputer Intelligence Megaputer Intelligence (www.megaputer.com) is a leading developer of data and text mining software and custom analytical solutions for various application domains. Megaputer analytical tools enable over 500 customers worldwide to make informed data-driven decisions. Megaputer and PolyAnalyst are registered trademarks of Megaputer Intelligence Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. The names of other companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Contact Information For more information: Brian Howard Megaputer Intelligence, Inc. (812) 330-0110 ext 215 bhoward@megaputer.com   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Analytics for Pharma Seminar + Workshop in Bloomington, IN on November 16-17, 2016 11.10.2016 | 19:13 (1 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired Analytics for Pharma Seminar + Workshop in Bloomington, IN on November 16-17, 2016 BLOOMINGTON, IN--(Marketwired - October 11, 2016) - Megaputer Intelligence announces the Analytics for Pharma seminar to be hosted on November 16, 2016 in Bloomington, IN. Leading practitioners will present analytical solutions they developed for addressing typical challenges encountered in the pharmaceutical and life sciences domains: the analysis of call center transcripts, employee survey responses, adverse event reports, and service notes for medical devices. Participants will learn how to solve pharma and life sciences tasks through the use of advanced text analytics techniques and standard industry resources, such as semantic dictionaries and ontologies. Megaputer analysts will provide an overview of how text analysis systems can help researchers automatically derive features and relationships of interest from academic publications and how a pharma company can perform competitive intelligence through the analysis of social media data. Speakers from Eli Lilly and Merck will present recent successful applications of advanced text analytics at their companies. The seminar will serve as a convenient setup for networking and sharing knowledge with thought leaders from other pharma companies. Megaputer analysts will outline the typical steps and challenges one encounters when implementing a text analysis solution at a pharma company. In addition, they will discuss theoretical foundations and practical implementations of systems for the analysis of BIG DATA. The seminar will be followed by a one-day, hands-on workshop arming attendees with practical skills for solving typical text analysis tasks in the pharma and life sciences domains. "Analytics for Pharma seminar and workshop will equip both non-technical users and data scientists from pharma companies with a thorough understanding of how their companies can benefit from implementing text analysis solutions based on concrete examples of success," says Daniel Priver, Senior Data Analysis Consultant with Megaputer Intelligence. "It provides a unique setup for gaining knowledge about typical applications and useful techniques in advanced text analytics for pharma and the life sciences." About Megaputer Intelligence Megaputer Intelligence (www.megaputer.com) is a leading developer of data and text mining software and custom analytical solutions for various application domains. Megaputer analytical tools enable over 500 customers worldwide to make informed data-driven decisions. Megaputer and PolyAnalyst are registered trademarks of Megaputer Intelligence Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. The names of other companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. For more information: Brian Howard Megaputer Intelligence, Inc. (812) 330-0110 ext 215 bhoward@megaputer.com © 2016 Marketwired Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Roundup > Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, October 11, 2016 Tweet Virginia Lau October 11, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, October 11, 2016 Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print 1. Bristol-Myers Squibb's immuno-oncology therapy Opdivo failed to show superiority to chemotherapy in a lung-cancer trial. In a study targeting a similar group of patients, Merck's Keytruda lowered the risk of death or cancer progression by 50%. Shares of Ono, BMS' partner, dropped after the release of the study. (Bloomberg) 2. A hedge fund, Partner Fund Management, sued Theranos and its founder, Elizabeth Holmes, for allegedly misleading the company to invest almost $100 million in the health tech startup. (WSJ) 3. Takeda Pharmaceutical Company and Crescendo Biologics said they will partner to develop and commercialize humabody-based therapeutics for cancer treatment. Crescendo has a number of cancer drugs in its pipeline. 4. The number of dementia patients hooked up to breathing machines in U.S. nursing homes increased by 50% from 2000 to 2013, but the mortality rate hasn't changed, according to a new study. Out of every 1,000 nursing home residents with dementia, 78 were using mechanical ventilators in 2013, compared to only 39 in 2000. (Reuters) 5. Roche said it received FDA priority review for Lucentis, its eye drug, as a treatment for myopic choroidal neovascularization, a condition of near-sightedness that can lead to blindness. (Reuters) Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Similar Articles Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, October 28 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, October 6 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, November 11 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, October 14 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, August 11 Related Topics FDA Lawsuit Mental Health Oncology Pipeline Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Roundup Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, October 12, 2016 MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Will drugmakers get what they're looking for at this week's FDA off-label hearing? Infographic: what information doctors need from pharma Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 9, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, November 11, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 7, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Novartis considers new sales model for experimental cancer therapy Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program Will he or won't he? Pharma speculates on President-elect Trump Pharma pushes to share off-label info with payers at FDA hearing What's Next for the FDA During the Trump Administration Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, November 11, 2016 5 questions raised at the FDA's off-label hearing Tweets by @MMMnews Events Weekly MM&M Breaking News MM&M KOL White Paper MM&M News Brief MM&M Sponsored Promotion MM&M Weekly Digest The Splash from MM&M United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Check out what's trending Healthcare Election FDA Pharma Health Influencer 50 People Pricing Legal/Regulatory Commercial More in Roundup Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, ... Trump says he will reform the FDA; pharmaceutical M&A expected to pick up; superbug causing infections in cystic-fibrosis patients Five things for pharma marketers to know: Thursday, ... Mylan reports third-quarter loss; analysts say drug-pricing restrictions less likely under Trump; the FDA limits citizen petitions Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, ... FDA solicits public comment to study online character space limit; Biogen's Spinraza shows positive results in SMA study; Valeant cuts earnings forecast Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search CardioBrief: USPSTF Finalizes Statin Primary Prevention Guide, Debate Ensues cme/ce Liver Cancer Rare After HCV Therapy cme/ce CD4+ T-Cell Counts May Predict Rituximab Response in RA Readmission Penalties Are Punishing Safety-Net Hospitals Tweets of the Week: Honoring Vets LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Public Health & Policy Morning Break: Real Docs Vs. Dr. Google; Zika Up in Asia; NASH More Common Health news and commentary from around the Web, gathered by the MedPage Today staff MedpageToday savesaved by MedPage Today Staff October 11, 2016 Don't worry, Doc -- Google won't replace you any time soon. (CBS News) Zika virus cases are expected to keep increasing in Asia, the World Health Organization says. (NBC News) Bristol-Myers Squibb's shares plunged after a study presented at the European Society of Medical Oncology meeting in Copenhagen suggested that Merck's pembrolizumab (Keytruda) was more effective at fighting lung cancer at certain stages than BMS's nivolumab (Opdivo). (Reuters) Check out our ESMO coverage here. St. Jude Medical warned that some of its cardiac devices may suffer premature battery failure, with two deaths linked to the problem. Does parental leave benefit children's health? You betcha, says Benard Dreyer, MD. (NPR) Anger plus exercise equals a bad mix for the heart, researchers have found. (CBS News) Yemen's capital, Sanaa, is seeing a growing cholera outbreak linked to an influx of refugees from the country's civil war. (Reuters) Torture at secret CIA prisons and Guantanamo has "left a legacy of damaged minds," reports The New York Times. The cost of treating breast cancer can vary greatly for no apparent reason, investigators found. (NBC News) If you're signing up with Elon Musk to help colonize Mars, beware: radiation may cook your brain. (Gizmodo) Drug companies are working on treatments for an increasingly common ailment: non-alcoholic steatohepatitis. (STAT News) Arkansas is investigating a mumps outbreak, with more than 400 possible cases. (ABC News) College students 'fess up to NBC News about drunkorexia. Think the premiums in Obamacare are bad? Buying off the exchange can be even worse. (Kaiser Health News) Morning Break is a daily guide to what's new and interesting on the Web for healthcare professionals, powered by the MedPage Today community. Got a tip? Send it to us: MPT_editorial@everydayhealthinc.com. 2016-11-10T00:00:00-0500 last updated 10.11.2016 0 comments Next More in Public Health & Policy Readmission Penalties Are Punishing Safety-Net Hospitals Tweets of the Week: Honoring Vets D.C. Week: Obamacare Days Appear Numbered Fewer 'Nails in the Coffin' as Smoking Rate Declines At the Polls: Mixing Politics and Medicine Improving the 'Culture of Health' Helps Patients, Experts Say FDA Mulls New Policy on Off-Label Promotion 'Essential' Meds for the World Are Surprisingly Cheap Next Article MedPageToday is a trusted and reliable source for clinical and policy coverage that directly affects the lives and practices of health care professionals. Physicians and other healthcare professionals may also receive Continuing Medical Education (CME) and Continuing Education (CE) credits at no cost for participating in MedPage Today-hosted educational activities. © 2016 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of the MedPageToday.com terms of use and privacy policy. The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. About Help Center Site Map Advertise with Us
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Disappointing Alcoa Results May Weigh On Wall Street 10/11/2016 8:45 AM ET The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a lower opening on Tuesday following the release of weaker than expected third quarter results from aluminum giant Alcoa (AA). The release of quarterly results from Alcoa is seen as the unofficial start of earnings season, with financial giants Citigroup (C), JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Wells Fargo (WFC) due to report their results later this week. Overall trading activity may be somewhat subdued, however, as some traders may stay on the sidelines amid a lack of major U.S. economic data. The minutes of the latest Federal Reserve meeting and reports on retail sales and producer prices are likely to attract attention in the coming days. U.S. stocks closed Monday's session higher amid a rally in crude oil prices. The major averages opened higher and moved roughly sideways until early afternoon trading. After giving back some of their gains over the remainder of the session, the averages ended moderately higher. The Dow Industrials added 88.55 points or 0.49 percent before ending at 18,329, the S&P 500 Index ended up 9.92 points or 0.46 percent at 2,164 and the Nasdaq Composite closed at 5,329, up 36.27 points or 0.69 percent. Eighteen of the thirty Dow components ended the session higher and four stocks were little changed, while the remaining eight stocks retreated. Exxon Mobil (XOM), Chevron (CVX), Boeing (BA), Merck (MRK) and Apple (AAPL) were among the biggest gainers of the session, but Procter & Gamble (PG) and Wal-Mart (WMT) fell sharply. Among the sectors, energy, banking, airline and telecom stocks turned in some of the best performances on the day. Commodity, Currency Markets Crude oil futures for November delivery are slipping $0.34 to $51.01 a barrel after ending Monday's session up $1.54 at $51.35 a barrel, the highest closing level since July 15th, 2015. Meanwhile, an ounce of gold is currently trading at $1,258, down $2.40 from the previous session's close of $1,260.40. On Monday, gold rose $8.90, snapping a 6-session losing streak. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 103.64 yen compared to the 103.61 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Monday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.1090 compared to yesterday's $1.1139. Asia The Asian markets closed mixed, with the Singapore, South Korean, Taiwanese and Hong Kong markets declining, while the rest of the markets advanced. The Indian market was closed for a public holiday. The Japanese market, which opened after Monday's public holiday, advanced as the yen remained weak. The Nikkei 225 Index opened higher and rose steadily in the morning. Although there was a slight loss of momentum by the mid-session, the index consolidated in the afternoon, closing up 164.67 points or 0.98 percent at a more than 1-month high of 17,025. Food, chemical, pharma, export, utility, telecom and most resource stocks gained ground, while some housing, real estate, steel, financial and retail stocks came under selling pressure. Australia's All Ordinaries Index ended modestly higher, although well off its best levels. The index ended at 5,562, up 6.70 points or 0.12 percent. Energy and material stocks rallied strongly and consumer and utility stocks saw moderate strength, but most other sectors lost ground. China's Shanghai Composite Index closed 17.11 points or 0.56 percent higher at 3,065, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index surrendered all its morning gains by early afternoon trading and languished below the unchanged line thereafter. The index ended down 302.30 points or 1.27 percent at 23,550. On the economic front, the results of a survey by National Australia Bank showed that confidence among businesses in Australia was unchanged in September. The corresponding index was static at 6, although above the expected reading of 5. The business conditions index rose 1 point to 8. A report released by the Australian Bureau of Statistics showed that the total number of home loans issued in Australia fell 3 percent month-over-month in August. This was steeper than the 1.5 percent drop expected by economists. This follows a 4.5 percent drop in July. Investment lending edged up 0.1 percent. Data released by the Ministry of Finance showed that Japan's current account surplus came in at 2.0 trillion yen in August, more than the 1.5 trillion yen expected by economists and the 1.94 trillion-yen surplus in July. The trade surplus was also wider than expected at 243.2 billion yen, as exports fell 9.6 percent and imports declined a steeper 18.3 percent. Europe European stocks are holding up despite a volatile morning session. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index has inched up by 0.1 percent, the French CAC 40 Index and the German DAX Index are both up by 0.2 percent. On the economic front, German investor sentiment climbed at a faster-than-expected pace in October to its highest level in four months, the results of a survey by the Centre for European Economic Research/ZEW showed. The ZEW Indicator of Economic Sentiment rose to 6.2 from 0.5 in each of the previous two months. Economists had expected a score of 4. The latest reading was the strongest since June's 19.2. Data released by the British Retail Consortium showed that like-for-like sales in the U.K. rose 0.4 percent year-over-year in September, belying expectations for a 0.3 percent drop. U.S. Economic Reports There are no market moving economic reports due for the day. Stocks in Focus Shares of Alcoa are moving lower in pre-market trading after the aluminum giant reported third quarter earnings and revenues that came in below analyst estimates. Rent-A-Center- (RCII) may also come under pressure after warning of much weaker than expected third quarter earnings. Illumina (ILMN) pre-announced third quarter revenues of about $607 million, a 10 percent increase year-over-year but below the company's guidance of $625 million to $630 million. The company attributed the shortfall to a larger than expected decline in high throughput sequencing instruments. Coca-Cola (KO) announced that it intends to buy Anheuser-Busch Inbev's (BUD) stake in Coca-Cola Beverages Africa following the closing of the ABI combination with SABMiller. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America These Companies Are Sitting On Mountains Of Cash Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Viacom Q4 Adj. Profit Beats View, But Revenues Miss Munich Re Lifts FY16 Profit View As Q3 Profit Climbs; Stock Dips E.ON 9-month Attributable Net Loss Narrows; Maintains Weak FY16 Earnings View Pampered Puppies: PetSmart Offers Same Day Delivery Myers Industries Q3 Adj. Profit Misses View, But Revenues Beat Veterans Day Free Meals At Certain Chains ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President MDCO Tastes Bitter, PRTO Awaits Phase 3 Data In Dec., It's Time To Cherish IONS ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Pampered Puppies: PetSmart Offers Same Day Delivery Veterans Day Free Meals At Certain Chains Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Adecco Group Turns To Profit In Q3 - Quick Facts Deutsche Post DHL Q3 Profit Surges; Reaffirms FY16 Outlook - Quick Facts Crédit Agricole Group Q3 Underlying Net Income Group Share Up 4.1% - Quick Facts ArcelorMittal Turns To Profit In Q3; Sees Sequential Drop In Q4 Profit Nikon H1 Profit Up 54%; To Cut 1,000 Jobs In Restructuring - Quick Facts Henkel Q3 Profit Rises; Confirms 2016 Outlook Aixtron AG Posts Wider Loss In 9-month; Reiterates 2016 Revenue Guidance Rational Q3 Profit Edges Up; Confirms FY Outlook Elringklinger Q3 Profit Declines; Sees FY16 EBIT At Low End Of Range Toyota Motor H1 Profit Declines, Revenue Down 7.2%; Revises Forecasts Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Small Business   /   Health Professionals Turn to Mobile Devices for Patient Care       Health Professionals Turn to Mobile Devices for Patient Care     By Nathan Eddy  |  Posted 2016-10-11 Print               The survey found two-thirds of doctors use a mobile device to access medical information in a professional setting more than 10 times a day. Nearly three in four family physicians (73 percent) consider themselves tech-savvy, according to a Merck Manuals survey of 220 respondents. In fact, two in three doctors (66 percent) said they use a mobile device to access medical information in a professional setting more than 10 times a day. While the vast majority of respondents (81 percent) agreed that the availability of medical information on mobile devices has changed the dynamic of office visits, responses for how the dynamic has changed varied, the survey found. About one-third (34 percent) of physicians said patients arrive more informed and prepared, yet 33 percent said patients arrive misinformed, and more than a one-fourth (29 percent) of physicians indicated that appointments are more efficient as a result of mobile medical information. The survey also found more than half (56 percent) of physicians said doctors and patients are more likely to review medical information together, thanks to the availability of medical information on mobile devices. Family physicians identified a number of reasons for consulting their mobile devices in the office. Of those who use a mobile device to access medical information in a professional setting, 80 percent said they use the information to inform their diagnoses or treatment plans for patients, the Merck Manuals survey found. In addition, 66 percent said they use their devices to catch up on the latest news in the medical community, 60 percent use it to explain and further illustrate information to patients and 28 percent use it to send information directly to patients. The report noted, however, that mobile technology is not meant to replace the patient/doctor relationship but, instead, enhance the office visit by allowing them to review information together. Although the survey did not address the infrastructure needs of doctors and patients, a recent study by Spok, a communications provider for health care, and other industries, pointed to a large gap in the infrastructure necessary to support these strategies and devices, including wireless network coverage and enterprise mobility management (EMM) solutions. The survey also showed that more hospitals are hiring outside experts to help with clinical mobility, from planning through technology implementations and rollout. The Spok survey found that the diversity of mobile devices is increasing as new types of devices (such as wearables) are added to the mix and existing tools remain firmly entrenched in clinicians' workflows. More than half (54 percent) of respondents to the Spok survey said that WiFi coverage is a current challenge for mobile device users, and 47 percent cited cellular coverage challenges, a gap that will be critical for hospitals to address in an effort to mitigate security risks and enhance communications.             LATEST SMALL BUSINESS ARTICLES   Health Care IT Security Challenged by Phishing Attacks Enterprises Move to Public Key Infrastructures Health Professionals Turn to Mobile Devices for Patient Care Health Care, Banking Industries to Drive Mobility Revenues Smartphone, PC Shipments Slow as Markets Mature                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Node.js Is Helping Developers Get the Most Out of JavaScript Microsoft Surface Devices Challenge Apple in Enterprise Strongholds Apple's New MacBook Pros Leave Analysts Wanting More Microsoft Releases Skype for Business Mac Client Microsoft Blasts Google for Early Disclosure of Windows Bug Comparing Microsoft's Surface Studio ... The last full week of October was supposed to be the time when both... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 fallout: From availability to dead in less than 8 weeks Samsung's decision to shelve the Galaxy Note 7 forever won't rank historically as other recalls from the likes of Merck, Johnson & Johnson and Toyota, but the fallout will be significant. By Larry Dignan for Between the Lines | October 11, 2016 -- 11:42 GMT (04:42 PDT) | Topic: Innovation Now the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 could become a collector's item--albeit one that's a bit dangerous. The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is dead after less than 8 weeks from initial availability. Now it's time for the repercussions. Samsung had what appeared to be the perfect business-meets-personal device in the Galaxy Note 7. The reviews were strong, the device was sleek and it appeared that Samsung had one-upped Apple's iPhone 7, which was supposed to be an incremental upgrade. more galaxy note 7 Galaxy Note 8 is planned, Korean Note 7 buyers will get it half price ​Samsung ends Galaxy Note 7 production and sales, for good Exploding batteries: A serious charge Banned from all airline flights in US The fallout: From availability to dead in less than 8 weeks Will Note 7 failure kill Android? Here are some Note 7 alternatives Galaxy Note 7: The return process Owners are still using recalled Note 7 devices And then batteries started fires. Samsung moved quickly with a recall that had its issues and replaced devices. Then those replacement devices started catching fire too. Production ends abruptly. It's rare that a company conducts a recall and then the fix is just as faulty. Now the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 could become a collector's item--albeit one that's a bit dangerous. What remains to be seen is how Samsung's brand is hit in the long-run. Make no mistake that there's a lot riding on the Samsung brand. Consider: The Galaxy Note 7 was a flagship device that unified Samsung's high-end smartphones. Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 was a device that carried the innovation flag for the company. Sure, semiconductors and displays also scream innovation for Samsung, but components aren't as personal as smartphones. The company has a budding business-to-business unit that would have benefited from the Galaxy Note 7. And Samsung's handling of the recall, return and then ultimate end of the Note 7 raises many questions about the company. That handling could impact all of Samsung's product lines in the home. Initially, there's no need to panic. Toyota (faulty pedals), Takata (air bags), Merck (Vioxx), Johnson & Johnson (Tylenol) and many other companies have all had massive product recalls and recovered. The fact that the Galaxy Note 7's product cycle went a bit more than 7 weeks indicates that the damage could be limited. Macquarie analyst Daniel Kim said in a research note: The prolonged negative publicity does not help Samsung brand value. However, as long as this is a fleeting issue and can be fixed in the coming Galaxy S8 phone. That view may be optimistic. Here's the rub. The Galaxy S8 is going to suffer some fallout. There will inevitably be a punch line or two. And a Galaxy Note 8 will face intense scrutiny. Battery jokes will persist. Here's a look at the fallout: Samsung's brand as an engineering and device innovator takes a hit. There's no way around the fact that Samsung rushed the Galaxy Note 7 out too quickly. The company needs a full investigation and post mortem about what went wrong. Controls need to be revamped. And Samsung has to conduct and publish its internal investigation publicly and transparently. Google could become a high-end hardware maker. Google launched its latest smartphone with the Pixel and Pixel XL last week and outlined a series of innovations that are interesting. The problem for tech buyers is that the price is high for the Pixel. However, Samsung may cede that premium price point position and Google could grab it. Google's hardware event: First peek at Pixel... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 39 NEXT PREV Apple gains. The iPhone 7 is an opening act for the 10th anniversary device next year, but Apple has solidified its reputation for quality at Samsung's expense. The Android ecosystem heads to the bottom. Samsung is the strongest hardware player in the Android ecosystem. Samsung's issues with the Galaxy Note 7 will entice a bevy of lower-end rivals to move up market. There's a reason that Google is taking its own hardware fate into its hands--the Android hardware field has a lot of questions. See: Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse. Samsung takes a big financial hit. From development to dud to dead Samsung will lose a lot of money on the Galaxy Note 7. Some of the technologies such as iris scanning will live on, but the development of the Galaxy Note 7 will deliver no returns. Samsung has its component businesses that carry the company, but the costs are going to be high. Now the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is dead, here... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 6 NEXT PREV Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation ​Licences go digital in New South Wales Innovation Artificial skin improves home care robots Artificial Intelligence ​How an Indian firm predicted a Trump victory when every American pollster got it wrong Artificial Intelligence Google Soli: Palm-sized radar could rev up checkouts by telling apples from oranges Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. Subscription failed. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance

Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX ISDX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home News Newswires LON:NANO Picture is bright for quantum dots specialist Nanoco Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 07:22 11 Oct 2016 Nanoco is commercialising fluorescent nano-crystalline particles (quantum dots) of semiconductor materials that have unique chemical, electronic and optical properties thanks to their small size. The group is in a strong position to achieve rapid revenue growth Quantum dots specialist Nanoco Group PLC (LON:NANO) hailed its strategic shift to a non-exclusive approach to out-licensing in the display sector. Read Nanoco: selling tiny dots for big bucks The move had transformed the group's ability to commercialise its technology in display, chairman Christopher Richards told shareholders in the company’s full-year results statement. Since the announcement of the new strategy, the group has signed non-exclusive deals with Taiwan-headquartered Wah Hong Industrial Corporation and with Germany's Merck KGaA. These deals, together with the revised agreement with The Dow Chemical Company, put Nanoco in an excellent position to accelerate the commercialisation of its technology in display, Dr Richards said. “Combined with our solid cash position, we look forward to the future with confidence,” Dr Richards said. The company has cash and cash equivalents at the end of July of £14.51mln, down from £24.31mln the year before. Revenue in the year declined to £474,000 from £2.03mln the year before, including two quarters of revenue from the Dow Chemical deal. Billings in July 2016, which are deferred into future years, amounted to £1.18 million. The loss before tax widened to £12.6mln from £10.9mln the previous year. As well as the extra freedom given to the company by its new licensing strategy in the display sector chief executive Michael Edelman highlighted the improvements to Nanoco’s production processes, which have dramatically increased the quality and the yield of its cadmium-free quantum dots. “One effect of this is to substantially increase production capacity at our Runcorn, UK, facility without significant capital expenditure or the building of new production lines. Nanoco now has the capacity to be a commercial supplier of cadmium-free quantum dots for display and other applications, considerably advancing the group's manufacturing strategy,” Edelman said. The expectation is that there will be three manufacturing plants across the globe producing Nanoco’s quantum dot products: Nanoco’s plant in Runcorn; Dow Chemical’s mass production plant in South Korea; and a mass production plant to be built by Merck. Although Dow no longer has exclusive rights over commercialisation of Nanoco’s technology, it remains committed to marketing it under the TREVISTA brand name.  Dow has received increased sample requests over the past few months for TREVISTA cadmium-free quantum dots, which are being fulfilled exclusively from Dow's Cheonan facility, Nanoco revealed.  In parallel, the application of Nanoco's improved manufacturing processes to Dow continues to progress. “Our confidence is underpinned by a very positive market backdrop for our technology in the display industry, underlined by DisplaySearch's forecast that 18.7 million quantum dot TVs will be shipped in 2019,” Edelman said. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version John Harrington Register here to be notified of future NANO Company articles View full NANO profile Nanoco Group Timeline Video October 17 2016 Nanoco boss: ‘All the big TV brands want our technology’ Newswire August 08 2016 Nanoco dips on lower revenue but says trading is “in line” with expectations Article March 31 2016 Nanoco Group Plc’s new Dow deal opens opportunity, but also uncertainty Newswire August 05 2010 Nanoco gets US$600,000 milestone payment from Japanese electronics company Article November 02 2009 Nanoco: selling tiny dots for big bucks Newswire September 23 2009 Nanoco signs further agreement with major Japanese electronics company View All RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in Nanoco Group View full company profile Nanoco Group partners major R&D and blue-chip industrial organisations in the development of applications incorporating semiconductor nanoparticles, “quantum dots”. Nanoco Group is traded in the ISDX Exchange HERE Nanoco Group partners major R&D and blue-chip industrial organisations in the development of applications incorporating semiconductor nanoparticles, “quantum dots”. Nanoco Group is traded in the ISDX Exchange HERE Hide text Market: LSE EPIC: NANO Market Cap: 110.77M Latest Price: 46.50p  (2.76% ) 52-week H/L: 81.50p / 35.25p Sector: Semiconductors 1day 1year Loading charts Related Video Nanoco boss: ‘All the big TV brands want our technology’ October 17 2016 See more related videos Nanoco Group RNS announcements 2016-11-07 TR-1 NOTIFICATION OF MAJOR INTEREST IN SHARES2016-11-03 Annual Report & Accounts 20162016-10-17 Director Share Purchase2016-10-17 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-10-14 Director Share Purchase2016-10-13 Director Share Purchase2016-10-13 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-10-11 Preliminary Results2016-10-07 Update re Unaudited Revenues2016-10-04 Webcast of Preliminary Results2016-09-20 Notification of Preliminary Results2016-09-08 Notification of major interest in shares2016-08-31 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-08-31 Total Voting Rights2016-08-30 Block Listing Six Monthly Return2016-08-18 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-08-17 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-08-17 Change of Adviser2016-08-10 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-08-08 Nanoco to present at Canaccord Conference View all announcements Proactive Investors Recommended Clinigen unveils latest deal alongside strong set of interims Galantas hopes to strike gold literally with Omagh mine Higher production bolsters Empyrean Energy International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2016 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
MarketWatch Markets Stream Days Active Updates 1684 55722 Share Tweet   Markets Stream gives you a single place to follow live updates of markets moves and commentary, plus relevant insight from the web and social media. Here’s how it works. (Photo: Getty Images) Copyright ©2012 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Right Reserved ACAP ENABLED Last Updated: September 1, 9:30 AM Load More Select Content All Cancel Apply

continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 52 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 13, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 13, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 52 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login U.S. stocks rise as oil’s jump biggest in 1½ years By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Oct 10 2016 05:06PM    •    Last Updated Oct 10 2016 05:06 pm In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • U.S. stocks rose Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. Investors also reacted to the latest twists in the presidential race. Oil rose after Russia's government said it supports efforts by OPEC to cut oil production. Apple reached its highest price of the year and led tech stocks higher after new reports of fires affecting Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple's iPhone. Early in the day stocks were on track for far larger gains. Steve Chiavarone, an associated portfolio manager for Federated Investors, said a tumultuous weekend for Republican candidate Donald Trump contributed to the market's gains. He said investors mostly expect Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton to win, and they are concerned about the effect Trump's trade proposals would have on the market and the economy. VIDEOS TOP JOBS "What you're seeing in the market is a cheering of the status quo," he said. In his view, that's because investors understand Clinton's views and what her administration might look like even though they may disagree with her on issues like tax policy. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia supports OPEC's efforts to cut oi production. In late September the nations of OPEC announced a preliminary agreement to trim oil production, but Russia, a major energy producer, isn't a member of OPEC. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.54, or 3.1 percent, to $51.35 a barrel in New York. That was its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.21, or 2.3 percent, to $53.14 a barrel in London. Exxon Mobil climbed $1.70, or 2 percent, to $88.44 and Devon Energy added $1.58, or 33.7 percent, to $44.39. Apple climbed $1.99, or 1.7 percent, to $116.05 as investors hope it will be able to sell more iPhones as competitor Samsung faced new problems with its Galaxy Note 7. Samsung said it has changed its production of the phones following reports that some of its replacement phones are overheating and catching fire, just as the original version of the phone did before Samsung recalled it last month. Samsung did not confirm or deny a report from a Korean news agency that it suspended production of the Note 7 phone. Drugmaker Mylan gained $2.93, or 8.2 percent, to $38.87. On Friday the company agreed to pay $465 million to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid program for its EpiPen allergy shot. Legislators and federal health authorities had said Mylan wrongly classified EpiPen as a generic drug instead of a brand-name one, which meant Mylan paid lower rebates to federal and state Medicaid programs. The stock is down 20 percent since late August. Bristol-Myers Squibb plunged again after the company reported more data from a study of its drug Opdivo in lung cancer patients. It fell $5.62, or 10.1 percent, to $49.81. Rival Merck rose $1.13, or 1.8 percent, to $63.90 as investors were pleased with results from a study of its cancer treatment Keytruda. Bristol-Myers stock has dropped 34 percent since the company announced initial results from that trial in early August, which has sent to almost two-year lows. Merck is up 10 percent over the same time. The Mexican peso grew stronger following Trump's calamitous weekend. Trump has criticized Mexico and its trade agreements with the U.S., so the peso has become something of an indicator of how investors feel about the election. The currency has tended to weaken when investors feel Trump is doing better and gets stronger when investors feel more confident in Hillary Clinton's chances. The U.S. buys about 80 percent of Mexico's exports, which gives it a big influence on the Mexican economy. Following the peso's surge Monday, one U.S. dollar bought just 18.92 pesos, versus the 19.26 pesos it bought on Friday. The peso has weakened sharply this year but is currently the strongest it's been in about a month. Twitter continued to fall as investors grew less optimistic that the company will be sold. Twitter sank $2.29, or 11.5 percent, to $17.56. It fell 20 percent Thursday on reports that possible buyers including Apple and Alphabet had decided not to make offers. Twitter has been on a big run since late July on rumors the company might be sold. The stock is now the lowest it's been since early August. Salesforce.com, which investors believe is a possible buyer, rose $4.19, or 5.9 percent, to $75.10. Manufacturer Dover forecast a smaller profit and a bigger decline in revenue because of weaker spending in several industries and production problems in its retail refrigeration unit. The company also said its purchase of British company Wayne Fueling Systems won't close until early next year because regulators in the United Kingdom are still reviewing the deal. The stock gave up $5.55, or 7.7 percent, to $66.69. Gold rose $8.50 to $1,260.40 an ounce. Silver added 28 cents to $17.66 an ounce. Copper picked up 3 cents to $2.20 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.50 a gallon. Heating oil rose 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas gained 8 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $3.28 per 1,000 cubic feet. Germany's DAX rose 1.3 percent and the CAC-40 in France was 1.1 percent higher. The FTSE 100 in London rose 0.8 percent. The Kospi in South Korea rose 0.1 percent. Japan's markets were closed for a holiday. The dollar rose to 103.68 yen from 103.06 yen Friday. The euro fell to $1.1139 from $1.1182, and the British pound fell to $1.2351 from $1.2435. Bond trading was closed for the Columbus Day holiday.   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Trump plans to immediately deport 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants George Pyle: By backing Trump, after all, Mormons blow their moral lead Oregon medical examiner identifies remains as daughter of Piano Guy Emails: Utah State officials knew multiple women had accused student Jason Relopez of rape, but didn Utah Jazz start season off hot after successful road trip ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search cme/ce Deadly Drug-Resistant Infection Spreading Among CF Patients cme/ce Fibrosis Risk High in Kids With Transplanted Livers cme/ce NSAIDs After Cataract Surgery: Do They Help at All? VIDEO PodMed: A Medical News Roundup From Johns Hopkins cme/ce Cosentyx: Where Does it Fit? LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Primary Care Should the EpiPen Be Considered Preventive Medicine? Maker wants mandatory first-dollar coverage for it MedpageToday savesaved Analyst: F. Perry Wilson, MD, MSCE by MedPage Today Staff October 10, 2016 Mylan Pharmaceuticals, which has come under fire for the high price of its EpiPen product for averting anaphylactic reactions, is pursuing a new strategy to get the medication covered by insurance, according to researchers writing in Annals of Internal Medicine. In this video commentary, MedPage Today clinical reviewer F. Perry Wilson gives his take on an unprecedented approach. A transcript of his commentary follows: In 2007, Mylan Pharmaceuticals purchased the rights to the Epipen from Merck, and the rest, as they say, is history. With prices skyrocketing, Mylan was called to task by congress, where CEO Heather Bresch withstood 4 hours of questioning about her company's business practices. Highlights from that interview included disclosure of the fact that Bresch's $18-million compensation package made her the sixth highest paid biopharma CEO in the world and that her pay had increased 671% as the price of EpiPens rose. She also reported that Mylan makes only a $50 profit on EpiPen sales, though the number turned out to be significantly higher than that. Now it's hard to find hard numbers on how much EpiPen costs to make, but I can tell you that epinephrine was first synthesized in 1906, and I can buy a gram of it from Sigma-Aldrich for about $20 bucks, making the 0.3 milligrams in an EpiPen dose cost about six tenths of a penny. But despite the public shaming, we haven't seen an about-face on EpiPen prices from Mylan. So you're a pharmaceutical company facing considerable public outrage about your pricing of a life-saving medication. You have a couple of options. First, you could reduce the price of the drug. But that might cut into profit margins. Second, you could get someone else to pay for the drug. In the great American medical tradition of transferring costs to other people, Mylan is making a play to get insurance companies to pay for the entirety of the EpiPen. Without copays. First, I wanted to look at the out-of-pocket cost for EpiPen. As of this video, it's about $600 (with a coupon!). What about with insurance? Obviously, it will vary, but you can see from this table that most high-deductible plans, at least, classify EpiPen as tier 2 and many don't reimburse it at all. Also, remember that many plans require individuals to pay the full cost of drugs until they meet their annual deductible. But there is one way to get the insurance company to bear the full cost no matter what, a little loophole introduced in the Affordable Care Act, and Mylan is in the process of trying to squeeze through it. A well-intentioned part of the ACA was a requirement that insurance companies cover, without copay, preventive medicine services given an "A" or "B" recommendation by the United States Preventive Services Task Force. Here I give you the entirety of medications that meet this definition: You get the picture, right? There are only four, and two of them are aspirin. Does the EpiPen deserve to be elevated to these lofty preventive heights? Is the EpiPen a preventive medication? Two papers take two different sides on the issue. The first, led by Leonard Fromer but written by Mylan contractors, appears in the American Journal of Medicine. The article can be broken down into a few points. One: EpiPen saves lives. This is really undeniably true. Of course, lots of things save lives – open-heart surgery comes to mind – and we wouldn't call them preventive. Two: EpiPen is too expensive for many people to pay for. This is also undeniably true. Here are the abandonment rates, provided kindly by Mylan. Three: If the USPSTF classified EpiPen as preventive, insurance companies would be forced to pay for it, and more people would get it. Again, I agree. Four: EpiPen is preventive. It prevents anaphylaxis. And here's the rub. This all rests on the USPSTF stating that EpiPen is as much a preventive medication as aspirin is. On the other side of the rink is this paper, appearing in Annals of Internal Medicine: The basic point made here is simple: EpiPen is no more a preventive medicine than appendectomy. The larger point is this: Let's not let pharmaceutical companies get away with predatory pricing by transferring that cost to insurance companies – as in the end, that raises premiums for all of us. Look – by some definitions, all medications are preventive. We give penicillin for Strep throat to prevent rheumatic fever. We give omeprazole to prevent gastric reflux. These things work, and hey – maybe they should be free to everyone. But transferring costs to insurance doesn't actually make anything free. This is my sister (on the right). She needs an EpiPen due to a history of anaphylaxis. She currently pays $600 every 12 months for this since they expire every year. For her sake, I'd love her insurance company to cover this cost entirely. But by proxy, I'm asking all of you to pay more. What we are seeing here is a new business strategy – one in which drug costs reflect not the research and development or even marketing dollars that go into them, but simply what the market will bear. Life-threatening situations are not where we want to test how well the invisible hand functions. For now, if this new strategy upsets you, you should talk to the Federal Trade Commission, as the FDA has no authority to regulate drug prices. Neither does the FTC actually, but at least they can call out anticompetitive practices. It may be time for physicians to inject some adrenaline into this debate. 2016-10-10T17:52:32-0400 3 comments Next More in Primary Care Wind Turbines Versus Bats: That's Improbable! Short Sleepers Drink More Sugary Sodas Morning Break: Docs/Nurses Lose at Polls; Opdivo for GI Cancer; Investing in Weed Parallel Universes and Human Thought: That's Improbable! Teens Who Stay Up Late May Suffer from Self-Control Issues Morning Break: Brexit's Drug Shortage; Addyi a Bust? Borrowing for Cancer Care Phone Use at Bedtime Means Worse Sleep for Adolescents Chew or Snus: Should FDA Tighten Control? Next Article MedPageToday is a trusted and reliable source for clinical and policy coverage that directly affects the lives and practices of health care professionals. Physicians and other healthcare professionals may also receive Continuing Medical Education (CME) and Continuing Education (CE) credits at no cost for participating in MedPage Today-hosted educational activities. © 2016 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of the MedPageToday.com terms of use and privacy policy. The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. About Help Center Site Map Advertise with Us
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Business › Business News US stocks rise as energy companies and Apple move higher Published 10/10/2016 0 Comments Share US stocks rise as energy companies and Apple move higher BelfastTelegraph.co.uk US stocks rose on Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/us-stocks-rise-as-energy-companies-and-apple-move-higher-35120012.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35120011.ece/73d39/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-9ce3dc7e-28c3-465d-affb-f60feac43b81_I1.jpg Email The Dow Jones industrial average rose 88.55 points to 18,329.04 US stocks rose on Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. Oil rose after Russia's government said it supports efforts by Opec to cut oil production, while investors also reacted to the latest twists in the US presidential race. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Apple reached its highest price of the year and led tech stocks higher after new reports of fires affecting Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple's iPhone. Early in the day stocks were on track for far larger gains. Steve Chiavarone, an associated portfolio manager for Federated Investors, said a tumultuous weekend for Republican candidate Donald Trump contributed to the market's gains. He said investors mostly expect Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton to win, and they are concerned about the effect Mr Trump's trade proposals would have on the market and the economy. "What you're seeing in the market is a cheering of the status quo," he said. In his view, that is because investors understand Mrs Clinton's views and what her administration might look like even though they may disagree with her on issues such as tax policy. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4%, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5%, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7%, to 5,328.67. Russian president Vladimir Putin said that Russia supports Opec's efforts to cut oil production. In late September the nations of Opec announced a preliminary agreement to trim oil production, but Russia, a major energy producer, is not a member of Opec. Benchmark US crude rose 1.54 dollars, or 3.1%, to 51.35 dollars a barrel in New York. That was its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 1.21 dollars, or 2.3%, to 53.14 dollars a barrel in London. Exxon Mobil climbed 1.70 dollars, or 2%, to 88.44 dollars and Devon Energy added 1.58 dollars, or 33.7%, to 44.39 dollars. Apple climbed 1.99 dollars, or 1.7%, to 116.05 dollars as investors hope it will be able to sell more iPhones as competitor Samsung faced new problems with its Galaxy Note 7. Samsung said it has changed its production of the phones following reports that some of its replacement phones are overheating and catching fire, just as the original version of the phone did before Samsung recalled it last month. Samsung did not confirm or deny a report from a Korean news agency that it suspended production of the Note 7 phone. Drugmaker Mylan gained 2.93 dollars, or 8.2%, to 38.87 dollars. On Friday the company agreed to pay 465 million dollars to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid programme for its EpiPen allergy shot. Legislators and federal health authorities had said Mylan wrongly classified EpiPen as a generic drug instead of a brand-name one, which meant Mylan paid lower rebates to federal and state Medicaid programmes. The stock is down 20% since late August. Bristol-Myers Squibb plunged again after the company reported more data from a study of its drug Opdivo in lung cancer patients. It fell 5.62 dollars, or 10.1%, to 49.81 dollars. Rival Merck rose 1.13 dollars, or 1.8%, to 63.90 dollars as investors were pleased with results from a study of its cancer treatment Keytruda. Bristol-Myers stock has dropped 34% since the company announced initial results from that trial in early August, which has sent it to almost two-year lows. Merck is up 10% over the same time. The Mexican peso grew stronger following Mr Trump's calamitous weekend. Mr Trump has criticised Mexico and its trade agreements with the US, so the peso has become something of an indicator of how investors feel about the election. The currency has tended to weaken when investors feel Mr Trump is doing better and gets stronger when investors feel more confident in Mrs Clinton's chances. The US buys about 80% of Mexico's exports, which gives it a big influence on the Mexican economy. Following the peso's surge on Monday, one US dollar bought just 18.92 pesos, versus the 19.26 pesos it bought on Friday. The peso has weakened sharply this year but is currently the strongest it has been in about a month. Twitter continued to fall as investors grew less optimistic that the company will be sold. Twitter sank 2.29 dollars, or 11.5%, to 17.56 dollars. It fell 20% on Thursday on reports that possible buyers including Apple and Alphabet had decided not to make offers. Twitter has been on a big run since late July on rumours the company might be sold. The stock is now the lowest it has been since early August. Salesforce.com, which investors believe is a possible buyer, rose 4.19 dollars, or 5.9%, to 75.10 dollars. Manufacturer Dover forecast a smaller profit and a bigger decline in revenue because of weaker spending in several industries and production problems in its retail refrigeration unit. The company also said its purchase of British company Wayne Fueling Systems will not close until early next year because regulators in the United Kingdom are still reviewing the deal. The stock gave up 5.55 dollars , or 7.7%, to 66.69 dollars . Gold rose 8.50 dollars to 1,260.40 dollars an ounce. Silver added 28 cents to 17.66 dollars an ounce. Copper picked up three cents to 2.20 dollars a pound. Germany's DAX rose 1.3% and the CAC-40 in France was 1.1% higher. The FTSE 100 in London rose 0.8%. The Kospi in South Korea rose 0.1%. Japan's markets were closed for a holiday. The dollar rose to 103.68 yen from 103.06 yen on Friday. The euro fell to 1.1139 dollars from 1.1182 dollars, and the British pound fell to 1.2351 dollars from 1.2435 dollars. Bond trading was closed for the Columbus Day holiday. AP Press Association Read More Companies warned of £1.2bn a year cost of hard Brexit  A "hard Brexit" will cost UK companies an extra £1.2 billion a year, it has been estimated. Private sector expansion slows down, Bank of Scotland report shows  The country's private sector expanded at a slower rate last month, burdened by higher input prices and stagnating new business, a new report shows. Michael Noonan to offer reassurances about Ireland's appeal in US meetings  Finance Minister Michael Noonan is expected to offer reassurances about the country's enduring appeal when he meets potential investors in the United States this week. Big Six energy firms 'making six times more profit than they say'  Energy firms have been accused of making more profit than they say, following an investigation into companies' finances. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented JD Wetherspoon sells off Northern Ireland pubs in £3m deal to McLaughlin...  Business News Waitrose bids for best Christmas ad with tear-jerking story of homecoming...  Business News Oil giant Puma Energy snaps up Belfast's former BP terminal in growth plan  Business News Brexit does not signal British retreat from the wider world, says Theresa May  Business News John Lewis releases upbeat Buster The Boxer Christmas ad  Business News I'm A Celebrity campers split into two groups as jungle antics begin  News Benjamin Netanyahu denies Rabin 'incitement' claims  World Business activity in Northern Ireland records modest rate of growth  Business News Niall Horan: 'One Direction could reunite in the near future' Taylor Swift groping lawsuit photo leaked Lena Dunham suffered with hives after Trump's election victory Irish Whiskey - The Comeback Kid Poll: Is the poppy a political symbol? Brexit: Rep of Ireland should just leave EU Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Northern Ireland nightlife: Bot Wednesdays, Nov 9, 2016  Nightlife Nightlife: Limelight for Circus  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland Dramatic moment NI teens clamber to safety after car swept away  Technology Edward Snowden on Donald Trump presidency and privacy  Business News Watch: John Lewis Buster The Boxer Christmas ad  Northern Ireland Revealed: Which Northern Ireland schools will be involved in strike action?  Fashion and Beauty Stunning fashions on display at Down Royal  Northern Ireland Bath time sex romp NI man broke electronic tag  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Running Born2Run at Minnowburn - full results, and pictures  Northern Ireland Watch: Moment Ulsterbus bursts into flames  House and Home Property of the week: Modern Millisle beauty  Northern Ireland Watch: Shocking moment young girl hits car  Northern Ireland Safety campaigner under fire for 'kids in cab' video  Travel Readers' favourite Ulster beauty spots Autumn 2016  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Why Twitter Inc (TWTR), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) and Twilio Inc (TWLO) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks TWLO, TWTR and BMY stock were left out of Monday's rally effort By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Oct 10, 2016, 4:51 pm EST     Popular Posts: 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 10 Stocks to Buy If Donald Trump Becomes President The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Rest of 2016 Recent Posts: Why Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN), Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) and Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (USA) (AEM) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock’s Karma Drone Recall Was the Last Straw JCPenney Q3 Earnings Crush JCP Stock, Put Turnaround in Doubt View All Posts Stocks started the new trading week with a bang, largely celebrating the fact that Russia is finally starting to feel the burn of cheap oil, and as such may crimp its output in an effort to buoy crude prices. The S&P 500‘s close of 2163.66 was 0.46% better than Friday’s closing level. It wasn’t a winner for every stock, though. Twilio Inc (NYSE:TWLO), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE:BMY) and Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) couldn’t do anything to fend off the sellers on Monday. Here’s a closer look at what went wrong for each. Twitter Inc (TWTR) Last Thursday, when Twitter lost 20% of its value on the heels of news that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL), Salesforce.com, Inc. (NYSE:CRM) and Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) weren’t interested in acquiring the company, most TWTR owners figured the worst was over. They were wrong. TWTR shares fell another 11.5% today — reaching a new multi-week low in the process — following another round of reports saying the same thing, perhaps underscoring the notion even if it wasn’t breaking news. 5 Stocks to Sell Now or Short Into the Ground Bloomberg gets the blame/credit. It reported this weekend that a meeting to discuss a sale planned for Friday had been cancelled, deflating any lingering hopes that a bidder was waiting in the wings. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) What was good news for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) on Monday ended up being bad news for rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb, sending BMY 10% lower as a result. The battleground was non-small cell lung cancer. Bristol-Myers Squibb was taking aim at that ailment, but announced in August that its Opdivo failed to achieve adequate efficacy. An update on that trial released today didn’t make Opdivo look any better. Merck poured salt in the wound dished out to BMY shareholders when it announced today that its Keytruda did manage to create positive results as a therapy for lung cancer in its late-stage trial. While Keytruda still may not inherently become the “go-to” drug for all cases of NSCLC, the fact that it even performs better than chemo in some cases bodes well for MRK, and puts Bristol-Myers Squibb even further behind the eight ball. Twilio Inc (TWLO) Finally, cloud computing name Twilio saw its shares plunge 14% on Monday following reports that a handful major shareholders are planning to sell some of their TWLO stakes, locking in gains on the stock following its rally since the June 23rd IPO. The company also intends to sell shares. All told, $400 million worth of Twilio stock is going to be included in the secondary offering. The company’s portion of that total is $50 million, with the rest consisting of individual shareholders and institutions. That’s a huge chunk of the company’s $4.6 billion market cap, though, and investors are fearful that injection of supply could work against the value of TWLO. Indeed, it already has. As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace 10 Hot Stocks That Made Millionaires in 10 Years 7 Huge Swing Trades to Make for the Fourth Quarter Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/why-twitter-inc-twtr-bristol-myers-squibb-co-bmy-and-twilio-inc-twlo-are-3-of-todays-worst-stocks/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 44°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Sunday, November 13, 2016 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Replay of the Day Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Asian stocks mostly up amid reports on Samsung, oil supply Associated Press Monday, October 10, 2016 Credit: The Associated Press In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) comments TOKYO — Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday, while South Korea's benchmark fell following reports of fresh problems with Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.2 percent to 17,046.16. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. South Korea's Kospi slipped 0.9 percent to 2,039.04. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added nearly 0.2 percent to 5,484.60. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was flat at 23,849.01, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.3 percent to 3,057.02. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed.   The article you requested is no longer available on BostonHerald.com.   » Click here to view this article in the Associated Press' archive. More On: OPEC Apple Inc Merck & Co Inc Vladimir Putin Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets Self-driving hits Boston's Seaport jordan graham automotive Yes, you do need to change brake fluid every two years paul brand automotive jim mahoney Trending Now Walsh: Bullying of immigrants unacceptable Hillary Clinton blames FBI director James Comey for election loss Fire officials: Infant dies after couple nodded out on drugs City Hall winter garden plans set Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Newspapers In Education Boston Herald NIE SmartEdition Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: CheckMate Again for Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. As Shares Dip 10% A surprising failure for Opdivo opens the door for a competitor to grab significant market share. Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) Oct 10, 2016 at 4:06PM Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb. What happened Shares of global drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) tumbled as much as 10% during Monday's trading session following the release of its primary data from the CheckMate-026 study involving its blockbuster cancer immunotherapy drug, Opdivo. So what In August, Bristol-Myers Squibb announced that its phase 3 CheckMate-026 study involving Opdivo as a monotherapy treatment for first-line advanced non-small cell lung cancer failed to meet its primary endpoint of a statistically significant improvement in progression-free survival in patients whose tumors had PD-L1 expression of at least 5%. What we didn't know at the time was how close or far away from its goals Opdivo was. We now have that answer. Based on a press release over the weekend, Opdivo's median PFS in patients with PD-L1 expression greater than or equal to 5% was 4.2 months, compared to 5.9 months in patients with platinum-based doublet chemotherapy. The hazard ratio of 1.15 implies slight favorability toward chemotherapy as opposed to Opdivo as a monotherapy in first-line advanced NSCLC. In terms of survival, patients taking Opdivo demonstrated a very modest edge of 14.4 months versus 13.2 months for chemotherapy. In sum, Opdivo failed miserably to get anywhere close to reaching its primary endpoint. Making matters worse, over the weekend, Merck (NYSE:MRK) announced that its cancer immunotherapy Keytruda hit its mark in a first-line advanced NSCLC study in patients whose tumors had PD-L1 expression of at least 50%. According to the phase 3 KEYNOTE-024 trial, Keytruda cut the risk of disease progression or death by 50%, with progression-free survival in the Keytruda arm of 10.3 months compared to just 6 months for the chemotherapy arm. Furthermore, 80.2% of Keytruda patients were alive at the 6-month mark compared to 72.4% of the chemotherapy arm, and there was a clear confirmed response rate improvement for Keytruda (45% vs. 28%) compared to the chemotherapy arm. In other words, Keytruda is lined up for a first-line advanced NSCLC approval, and Opdivo is not. Image source: Merck. Now what Though this news is nothing short of shocking, and it's shaken Bristol-Myers Squibb's investors to the core, I would strongly suggest against giving up on Opdivo just yet. Investors should keep in mind that that the CheckMate-026 trial was designed as a monotherapy, and historically, cancer immunotherapies work better when used in combination with existing oncology drugs. Also note that Opdivo remains a foundation therapy for a number of cancer treatments, including second-line NSCLC and renal cell carcinoma. It's not uncommon for different cancers, and cancer stages, to respond differently to a medication, so it would be unwise to overreact to today's news. Bristol-Myers Squibb still offers dozens of ongoing clinical and planned combination and monotherapy opportunities with Opdivo, and based on its track record, at least some of them are likely to succeed. While peak annual sales estimates of Opdivo can rightly come down a bit after its decisive first-line NSCLC failure, and peak sales estimates for Merck's Keytruda can rightly be increased, Opdivo still has the potential to provide significant top- and bottom-line growth for Bristol-Myers going forward. With its PEG nearing one, I believe value and growth investors may want to give Bristol-Myers Squibb a closer look. Sean Williams has no material interest in any companies mentioned in this article. You can follow him on CAPS under the screen name TMFUltraLong, and check him out on Twitter, where he goes by the handle @TMFUltraLong. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.  Author Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 4:06PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.95 down $-1.01 (-1.55%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.37 down $0.29 (-0.51%) Read More 3 Great Dividend Stocks in the Bargain Bin for Retirees Why Bristol-Myers Squibb's Stock Is Tanking Today 3 Reasons Bristol-Myers Is a Buy After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? 3 Incredibly Cheap Big Pharma Stocks Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple and Exxon Mobil climb while Bristol-Myers tumbles By Associated Press Published: 16:25 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 16:25 EST, 10 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday: Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., down $5.62 to $49.81 The company reported more data from a disappointing study of its cancer drug Opdivo. Apple Inc., up $1.99 to $116.05 Samsung faced new problems with replacement models of its Galaxy Note 7, which could boost sales of Apple's iPhone. Exxon Mobil Corp., up $1.70 to $88.44 Energy companies traded higher with the price of oil. Mylan NV, up $2.93 to $38.87 The drugmaker rose after agreeing to pay $465 million to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid program for its EpiPen shot. Twitter Inc., down $2.29 to $17.56 The social media company continued to fall following reports that potential buyers have decided not to bid for the company. Merck & Co., up $1.13 to $63.90 Merck reported positive data from a study of its cancer drug Keytruda. Dover Corp., down $5.55 to $66.69 The manufacturing company cut its guidance because of weaker spending in several industries as well as production problems. Tesaro Corp., up $18.65 to $117.91 The company said its drug niraparib helped slow the progress of ovarian cancer in a late-stage clinical trial. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Suffers Heavy Dose of Disappointment BMY stock is now fairly valued, but wait for it to hit "cheap" before buying By Richard Saintvilus, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Oct 10, 2016, 1:38 pm EST     Popular Posts: Yum! Brands, Inc. Preps for China Split, Hikes Dividend (YUM) Recent Posts: McDonald’s Corporation Shakes Up C-Suite to Revive Sales (MCD) Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Has a Chance to Outperform After Earnings Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Is Bound to Fall Harder View All Posts Add the name Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE:BMY) to the list of volatile pharmaceutical stocks that have spooked investors into dumping their shares. BMY stock is getting shellacked Monday, down more than 9% after the drug giant disclosed that a clinical trial of its cancer drug Opdivo performed worse than investors had expected. Source: A 4 via Flickr If the disappointing results weren’t bad enough for BMY stock, the competing drug from Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Keytruda, demonstrated superiority in overall survival among patients tested. It goes without saying, the lifespan of drug companies depends on the strength of their product pipelines, especially those that are on patent. And to create strong product pipelines, drug companies rely on clinical trials which determine whether the Food and Drug Administration will green-light the product as being ready for market. Based on Bristol-Myers’ results, which showed that patients did no better on Opdivo than those on chemotherapy, and survived only 4.2 months before their disease worsened, the company will now have to go back to the drawing board. Accordingly, the gains BMY stock enjoyed in anticipation of the successful trial are being erased. Monday’s disappointing news follows a failed trial of Opdivo back in August, which at the time wiped out more than $20 billion in Bristol-Myer’s market value as BMY stock plunged from around $75 to $63 (16% decline) in one day. 7 Huge Swing Trades to Make for the Fourth Quarter BMY stock has never recovered from that, falling some 13% to Friday’s close. Monday’s beating, which puts Bristol-Myers stock below $50, translates to a total decline of 35% in about two months. There’s speculation that Opdivo’s failure could be related to the fact that it was tested in patients for whom it was unsuitable. According to Reuters, some analysts had expected the drug to at least work for lung cancer patients who had high levels of the protein PD-L1. However, Bloomberg on Monday noted that there was no evidence of that in the latest results. In that regard, following the company’s disappointment in August and the fact that Opdivo still fell short of already-low expectations in the latest study, it’s worth asking: Can Bristol-Myers ever get this product beyond its labs? And with the fact that Merck appears ahead of the race of helping lung-cancer patients who’ve just been diagnosed, Bristol-Myers and its pipeline is poised to underperform in the quarters and years ahead. The Bottom Line for BMY Stock Although BMY stock is now down 27% year to date, including over 33% in three months, I wouldn’t take a chance here. As we’ve seen after the August decline, things can still get worse. Should You Buy the Dow? Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Plus, from a valuation perspective, estimates will now have to come down before BMY stock is worth the risk. Bristol-Myers is projected to earn $3 per share in fiscal 2017, which puts its price-to-earnings ratio at 17 — in line with the S&P 500 Index. At best, BMY stock — at around $49 — is now fairly valued. But given its failure rate, “cheap” is the only reason to buy. And the stock is still not there yet. At the time of this writing, Richard Saintvilus did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Rest of 2016 5 Top Stocks to Buy for October Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/bmy-stock-bristol-myers-disappointment/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Post-Election to Ignite These Stocks Higher Home | Investing and Analysis Tags: bristol myers | cancer | drug | merck Bristol Plunges, Merck Jumps on Contrasting Lung Cancer Data (Dollar Photo Club) Monday, 10 Oct 2016 12:11 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. shares plunged almost 10 percent after researchers said lung cancer patients fared worse on its Opdivo immunotherapy than those on chemotherapy, while shares of Merck & Co. jumped 2 percent on strong benefits shown by its rival drug in a similar late-stage study. Patients in both company trials had not been previously treated for their advanced lung cancer. Both drugs were already approved for patients whose disease had progressed following chemotherapy. The companies are hoping to gain approval for them as initial, or first line treatments, and thereby greatly increase the numbers of patients taking them. Opdivo had long been considered the leader in a new class of medicines that help the immune system unmask hidden cancer cells, until August, when it failed to do better than older chemotherapies in the Phase III trial. Researchers on Sunday released new information from the study, which showed patients actually did worse on Opdivo, surviving only 4.2 months before their disease worsened, against 5.9 months for those on chemo, although the difference was not statistically significant. The data was presented at the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress in Copenhagen. "This data represented a 'worst-case scenario' for Opdivo," Sanford Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson said in a research note. Meanwhile, as a monotherapy, researchers said Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression in previously untreated patients, and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumors had high levels of a protein called PD-L1 that the drugs target. "Merck will completely 'own' the segment of first-line lung cancer patients who have high PD-L1 expression levels, and Bristol Myers will capture nothing really," Anderson said. Bristol shares, which had already lost one quarter of their value since the initial trial data was disclosed in August, fell 9.6 percent to $49.94 in morning trading on Monday. Merck shares rose 2.2 percent to $64.13, also on the New York Stock Exchange. Both drugs have been approved for several types of cancer, but lung cancer is considered by far the biggest market for cancer drugs.   © 2016 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share InvestingAnalysis Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. shares plunged almost 10 percent after researchers said lung cancer patients fared worse on its Opdivo immunotherapy than those on chemotherapy, while shares of Merck jumped 2 percent. bristol myers, cancer, drug, merck 351 Monday, 10 Oct 2016 12:11 PM 2016-11-10 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented CNBC: Wall Street Caught Without Trump Plan; Traders Buy Gold, See 10 S&P 500 Decline Wednesday, 09 Nov 2016 | 35 comments "Praise God from whom all blessings flow. Praise him all creatures here... Steve Forbes: 7 Ways to Replace Obamacare With Better, Affordable Insurance Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 24 comments 1. Hospitals must provide one price for any procedure, which applies... US Chief Executives Write Open Letter to Trump Seeking Reassurances Wednesday, 09 Nov 2016 | 19 comments After placing all of their bets on Hillary and losing, they now have the... UAW Says Will Work with Trump on NAFTA Reform Friday, 11 Nov 2016 | 19 comments The union opposed Trump's candidacy, but said his "position on trade is... Wilbur Ross: Hillary Presidency Means '3rd Term of Obama,' Recession Within 2 Years Tuesday, 08 Nov 2016 | 16 comments This country is already in a recession. But things will only get worse... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12386682 Home 12386742 News Hurricane Matthew County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Politics 2016 Election Skyvision Action Button Links Download News App 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hour by Hour Talking the Tropics Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Interactive Radar Sky Cams First Alert Wx App Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic Gas Prices First Alert Traffic Twitter 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Light the Night American Red Cross MSABC BIKE MS Feeding NEFL Sea and Sky 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida More Asian stocks mostly up amid reports on Samsung, oil supply by: MARLEY JAY, AP Markets Writer Updated: Oct 10, 2016 - 10:48 PM Twtter TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday, while South Korea's benchmark fell following reports of fresh problems with Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.2 percent to 17,046.16. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. South Korea's Kospi slipped 0.9 percent to 2,039.04. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added nearly 0.2 percent to 5,484.60. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was flat at 23,849.01, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.3 percent to 3,057.02. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed. SAMSUNG WOES: Shares in Samsung Electronics fell 5.4 percent after the company said it was sales of its Note 7 smartphones. It advised customers to turn off their devices or replace them. Samsung issued a worldwide recall of the Note 7, a huge phone-bordering-on-tablet with a powerful battery, in late September after the devices were found to have a tendency to catch fire. South Korean officials said Tuesday that replacement devices have also overheated or caught fire. WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. OIL AND RUSSIA: Oil prices fell slightly after spiking to their highest level in a year after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia, which is not a member of OPEC, supports a preliminary agreement by OPEC nations to cut oil output. THE QUOTE: "It was Russia to the rescue last night, as Vladimir Putin said Russia was ready to join with OPEC in creating a deal to curb production and pump up prices. At the same Energy Congress in Istanbul, the ever outspoken Algerian Energy Minister called on other non-OPEC producers to join them," Jeff Halley, a senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a commentary. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 11 cents to $51.24. It added $1.54 to $51.35 a barrel in New York on Monday, its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 7 cents to $53.07 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 103.94 yen from 102.96 yen late Monday in Asia. The euro fell to $ 1.1128 from $1.1192. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Asian stocks mostly up amid reports on Samsung, oil supply Asian shares mostly lower, Nikkei gets boost from weak yen Wall Street bets Trump will spend more, regulate less US stock indexes mostly lower in morning trading; oil slumps Asian shares join Wall Street rally as Trump fears ease News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Jacksonville Coupons About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
Monday, October 10, 2016  |  Muharram 9, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Julphar’s new medicines improve the control of blood glucose levels in the body. Jeff Topping / The National Julphar adds two new drugs to its diabetes portfolio The National staff October 10, 2016 Updated: October 10, 2016 08:25 PM Related Dubai anticipates rising numbers of medical tourists this year Emirates SkyPharma officially opened at Dubai International Airport – in pictures UAE could be a leader in pharma tech in the region Indian pharma steps up efforts on US safety standards Abu Dhabi-listed Julphar steps up facilities spending Gulf Pharmaceutical Industries, known as Julphar, has launched two drugs for managing type 2 diabetes. It is part of a 2014 licensing and co-marketing agreement with the US company Merck Sharp & Dohme, Abu Dhabi-listed Julphar said yesterday. "The launch of Xelevia and Velmetia is part of our continuing mission to develop Julphar diabetes portfolio, to support the healthcare community in the region," said Dr Hosam Badr, the marketing director at Julphar. Both medicines help improve the control of blood glucose (sugar) levels in the body when combined with a healthy diet and exercise. Figures from the International Diabetes Federation show that more than 19 per cent of the population in the UAE has type 2 diabetes – ranking 16th worldwide. An unhealthy, inactive lifestyle and weight gain are the leading causes of type 2 diabetes. Studies have shown that people with diabetes have a six times higher risk of cardiovascular disease and stroke. In 2019, the UAE’s pharmaceutical expenditure is expected to reach Dh13.97 billion, growing at an average of 8 per cent annually from Dh10.32bn last year, according to a report in February from the research company BMI. The manufacturer of gen­eric medicines reported a net profit of Dh54.8 million in the second quarter of the year, compared to Dh54.3m a year earlier. Julphar shares closed unchanged yesterday at Dh2.18. business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Dubai anticipates rising numbers of medical tourists this year Emirates SkyPharma officially opened at Dubai International Airport – in pictures UAE could be a leader in pharma tech in the region Indian pharma steps up efforts on US safety standards More Economy Hard economic realities to trump US populism Trump looms large over World Economic Forum event in Dubai Agility in search of PPP deals in the UAE Saudi Arabia and Alabbar eye online retail domination MOST VIEWED Business | All Renault faces criminal inquiry over emissions cheating suspicions Abu Dhabi’s Royal Jet offers VIP alternative to travelling first class A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Saudi Arabia and Alabbar eye online retail domination Dubai Parks operator aims to lift revenue as costs rise India’s currency move will hit property and gold Basking in the glow of Egypt’s devaluation Head of GE Oil & Gas says oil industry cuts not done yet Trump looms large over World Economic Forum event in Dubai More Most Viewed American-Iranian political tensions will only escalate UAE detection stations fully operational after meteor hits Abu Dhabi 2018 Africa World Cup qualifying: Chelsea pair Victor Moses and John Obi Mikel on target for Nigeria Louvre Abu Dhabi announces first contemporary art installations Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Muhammad Surur and the normalisation of extremism Girl, 16, trafficked to Dubai and forced into prostitution, court hears Trump win means ‘more Israeli settlements, fewer rights for Palestinians’ Hate crime and Islamophobia increases after Trump victory More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Hate crime and Islamophobia increases after Trump victory About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse SunTrust Cuts Target On Bristol-Myers As Opdivo Estimates Revised Lower R. Chandrasekaran , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 10, 2016 10:08am   Comments Share: Related BMY Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? The Election Can't Come Soon Enough For Biotechs Bristol-Myers cancer drug combo shows promise (Seeking Alpha) Related MRK Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election Week In Review: Investors Embrace Future Of Biologics Drugs In Samsung Biologics' $2 Billion IPO (Seeking Alpha) After Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY) disclosed disappointing study results of its Opdivo, SunTrust has reduced the price target on the company's shares from $68 to $62 on lower EPS estimates for the year 2017 and 2018. However, the firm maintains its Hold rating on the stock. Analyst John Boris boosted his sales estimate for the year 2016; he maintains his EPS expectations, however. For the year 2017 and 2018, the analyst reduced Opdivo estimate from $5.3 billion to $4.6 billion and $6.7 billion to $5.8 billion, respectively, based on Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK)'s first mover advantage for its drug, Keytruda. Related Link: Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On Bristol-Myers Squibb Co And Sirius XM Holdings Inc. In a research note, the brokerage said, "Our ‘17E EPS decreases to $3.02 (from $3.29) vs. Street's $3.00. We lowered our PT to $62 (from $68) & maintained our Hold rating. Our $62PT is based on 20x our ‘17E EPS. BMY needs positive expressers arm of CM-227 to stop in 2017 for it to execute on its IO-IO combo strategy." On October 9, Bristol-Myer disclosed in a statement, "Two pivotal Phase 3 studies, CheckMate -057 and CheckMate -017, which showed more than one-third of previously treated metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients in both trials experienced ongoing responses with Opdivo, compared to no ongoing responses in the docetaxel arm." However, the results were below the expectations of analysts. At last check early in Monday's regular trading session, Bristol-Myers Squibb was down 8.68 percent at $50.62. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for BMY Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Hilliard Lyons Upgrades Neutral Long-Term Buy Oct 2016 Credit Suisse Maintains Neutral Sep 2016 Citigroup Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for BMY View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Biotech News Health Care Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Movers Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BMY + MRK) Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election Technical Alert: Merck Reaches $65 And Retreats Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs Biotech Is Getting A Big Boost Following Clinton's Loss View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BMY Trending Recent 1 AMCX, DIS: Bob Iger Hinted At Disney's Next M&A Move And It Could Be A Big One 2 NVDA, TSLA: NVIDIA's Blowout Quarter Helps It Remain A Top Pick At J... 3 ANGI, GOOGL: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-E... 4 TWMJF, GWPH: Marijuana Legalization And A Republican... 5 IEP, PEP: Here's What Some Top CEOs... 6 SPY, SPX: Jeffrey Gundlach Explai... 7 NVDA, TSLA: Did NVIDIA ... 1 GOOGL, TWTR: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 2 CBS, CMCSA: The Simpsons And 7 Great TV Shows That Went On For Too Long 3 BABA: Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba 4 DIS: The Disney Story Just Became All About 2018 5 SNE, GOOGL: 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear 6 GOOG, GOOGL: YouTube's CEO On Why The V... 7 APHQF, ACBFF: Marijuana Legalizat... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Lipocine Showered With Good News Recently Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Open Higher; Dover Lowers Full-Year Forecast

VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 14/11/2016 09:50:37 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   world-news Last update 11:00 | 10/10/2016    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Roche lung cancer drug success adds to pressure on Bristol Lung cancer patients on Roche's immune system-boosting drug Tecentriq lived on average 4.2 months longer than those taking chemotherapy in a pivotal study, pressuring Bristol-Myers Squibb's dominant position in the field. The trial involved second-line patients, who have already used chemotherapy, and it found the Roche drug worked even in people with low or no levels of a protein called PD-L1, which is often used to test suitability for immunotherapy. The study results were presented at the annual European Society of Medical Oncology congress on Sunday. Bristol's Opdivo is currently the only immunotherapy drug approved without a PD-L1 test for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), the most common form of the disease. Merck & Co's Keytruda requires a test. That has favored Opdivo and fueled its sales, but the arrival of a rival with the same broad effectiveness now promises increased competition. U.S. regulators are due to decide whether to approve Tecentriq in lung cancer by Oct. 19. The Roche drug is already cleared for use in bladder cancer. Tecentriq, Opdivo and Keytruda are the first of a highly promising class of immunotherapy drugs that are revolutionizing cancer treatment and are tipped to generate huge sales. Lung cancer, the biggest cancer killer globally, is the top commercial opportunity. Analysts believe Tecentriq sales across all cancers will reach $4 billion in 2021, according to consensus figures compiled by Thomson Reuters. In the 1,225-patient Roche study, the mean survival for patients on Tecentriq was 13.8 months, which was 27 percent better than the 9.6 months seen among those on docetaxel chemotherapy. The benefit of the new drug was greatest in patients with high levels of PD-L1 but even in people with no PD-L1 expression there was still a significant improvement. Martin Reck of Germany's Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf said the findings suggested doctors had a problem if they planned to use a negative PD-L1 reading as a reason to exclude second-line NSCLC patients from treatment. Companies are also racing to prove that immunotherapy can help in first-line NSCLC, where it would replace chemotherapy as the initial drug given. Here, however, the idea of giving immunotherapy to all patients has proved problematic, as evidenced by the failure of a recent Bristol trial. Roche has eight late-stage Phase III lung studies under way evaluating Tecentriq alone or in combination with other treatments in patients with early and advanced stages of lung cancer. No silver lining in failed Bristol cancer drug trial Bristol-Myers Squibb disappointed investors on Sunday as researchers detailed data for its Opdivo cancer immunotherapy, which was already known to have failed to do better than older chemotherapies in a closely watched clinical trial. A trader passes by a screen displaying the tickers symbols for Bristol-Myers Squibb and Intelsat, Ltd. on the floor at the New York Stock Exchange, April 25, 2013.  Some analysts had speculated the study would at least show Opdivo worked in a subset of lung cancer patients with a biomarker that should make them more receptive to immunotherapy, but there was no sign of this. Bristol first announced the trial failure in August, since when its shares have fallen by around a quarter, but experts have been waiting eagerly to learn exactly what went wrong and see if something might be salvaged from the setback. In the event, data on Sunday showed patients actually did worse on Opdivo, surviving only 4.2 months before their disease worsened against 5.9 months for those on chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. What is more, researchers told the European Society for Medical Oncology congress that they were unable to point to any group of patients who did better in the trial, possibly due to imbalances between patients in different subsets. Bristol took a big gamble by accepting a wide range of previously untreated lung cancer patients into its trial, in contrast to Merck which succeeded in a similar study by only taking people with high levels of a protein called PD-L1. Immunotherapies like Opdivo and Merck's Keytruda work by taking the brakes off the immune system and are known to be most effective when tumor cells express lots of PD-L1. Some investors had hoped Bristol would be able to point to a clear benefit in patients whose tumors had at least 50 percent of cells producing PD-L1. However, even in this group the trial did not show a benefit. Commenting on the results, Naiyer Rizvi of Columbia University Medical Center, who was not involved in the study, said the failure to see a benefit was unexpected and hard to resolve with other clinical trials. Bristol's bad news day contrasted sharply with that of Merck, which was able to point to a double success in clinical trials using Keytruda. Source: Reuters Roche lung cancer drug, only immunotherapy drug, untreated lung cancer patients, revolutionizing cancer treatment   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Trump may have stopped the bleeding, but not the worrying North Carolina floodwaters, death toll rise as Matthew heads to sea Hurricane Matthew toll in Haiti at 1,000, buries dead in mass graves Study shows health improving globally, but progress is patchy Hurricane Matthew kills at least 283 in Haiti, dozens in one village IMF, global finance leaders fret over populist backlash Hurricane Matthew closes in on Florida as Haiti death toll rises Rolling Stones expected to announce first studio album in a decade Trio wins Nobel chemistry prize for 'world's smallest machines' Wal-Mart's next move against Amazon: More warehouses, faster shipping     Top Stories Once-famous brands struggle to survive The market of Chuong conical hat village Gov’t to stop acting as guarantor for state-owned enterprise loans Bao Loc tourism destination dreamy in autumn Experts warn about Hoang Anh Gia Lai’s plan to sell land Hydropower plants causing more accidents Head transplant operation in Vietnam planned Tourism industry to make more use of general aviation Should Vietnam take pride in low labor costs? Online ad rate in Vietnam lowest in the world Latest News Grilled corn - A winter snack of Hanoians Central region, Central Highlands areas need new flood maps Teachers struggle to live with low wages, delayed payments Very few patents granted to Vietnamese Socio-political stability attracts foreign investments Dancer’s passion inspires VN youth With or without TPP, Vietnam still improves business environment Pulling at your heartstrings, one string at a time The war on dirty food goes mobile Golden opportunities expected for financial investments     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
November 14, 2016 0250 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:170052 Publish Date: Sun, 09 Oct 2016 13:54:42 GMT Service: Health Bristol drug flop opens big cancer opportunity The failure of Bristol-Myers Squibb's blockbuster Opdivo immunotherapy in previously untreated lung cancer patients has opened up the market for AstraZeneca, its chief executive believed. "Suddenly, this trial news opens quite some opportunities for us, in both monotherapy and combination therapy," Chief Executive Pascal Soriot said, reuters.com reported. Soriot is in Copenhagen for the European Society for Medical Oncology congress, where he and his team will be scouring data from competitors to determine how best to fine-tune their own clinical work to maximize its chance of success. The timing has been fortuitous for the British drugmaker, which can now take advantage of the experience of its rivals. At stake is a chunk of a hugely promising new market for cancer treatments that fight tumors by boosting the immune system. Industry analysts forecast such drugs could eventually generate annual sales of $30 billion to $40 billion, with lung cancer seen as the biggest opportunity. Much of the clinical focus is on the best way to select patients likely to benefit from the new and expensive medicines, by using biomarkers to assess their tumors. While the Opdivo trial included patients with low levels of a protein called PD-L1, a separate trial found Merck's similar drug Keytruda worked well in a much smaller group of patients expressing at least 50 percent PD-L1. That gives AstraZeneca the opportunity to steer a path between its two rivals by refining the PD-L1 benchmarks used in its own keenly awaited clinical trial, known as MYSTIC, which is expected to report results early next year. "It gives us a chance to do what BMS was trying to do, but do it in a less risky manner, by expanding the population from the 50 percent PD-L1 cut-off to a bit broader," Soriot said. AstraZeneca’s rival to Opdivo and Keytruda is durvalumab, which is being tested on its own and with another immunotherapy called tremelimumab. The British company is currently planning to look at how well its treatment fares among patients with a 25 percent PD-L1 expression level or more, but it has the flexibility to amend this. Roche also has a rival immunotherapy called Tecentriq, which has proved effective in previously treated lung cancer patients, and the fact that AstraZeneca looks like being fourth to market has been viewed negatively by many investors. Soriot argues this ignores the fact his company has the potential to leap ahead in combination therapy, which could well become the main choice for most lung cancer patients. "We're coming from a place where everybody thought we were behind and we have a very good chance to play in both the monotherapy and combination segments," Soriot said. "Even if BMS were to catch up with us in combination, there would still only be two companies with these regimens." Currently, Bristol's competing immunotherapy combination is not expected to produce clinical trial results until 2018. Furthermore, AstraZeneca has another card up its sleeve in the form of a so-called priority review voucher from the US Food and Drug Administration, which Soriot said could be used, if needed, to help it seek rapid approval. "Being first is definitely important," Soriot said.     KeyWords Bristol drug opens   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Use of statins before cardiac arrest may aid survival afterwards Pesticide exposure, microbiome changes interlinked Flu shots, schools with equipment help children combat asthma Scientists identify potential new treatment for pancreatic cancer Arthritis drug Celebrex may help treat depression Probiotics could improve memory for people with dementia Study: Blood cells can be 'weaponized' to break up tumors Low vitamin D may raise bladder cancer risk Natural treatment for diabetes growing in your garden Kids with cardiac arrest less likely to survive CPR at night Most Visited Trump looking at 'quick ways' to ditch Paris climate accord: Report Protests erupt in Cincinnati after mistrial in police shooting of black male www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/2730 sec
Politics 'We're called redneck, ignorant, racist. That's not true': Trump supporters explain why they voted for him Michael Hiltzik Columnist BUSINESS Michael Hiltzik Column More on Mylan's EpiPen profiteering: It allegedly ripped off Medicaid too bresch AP Mylan CEO Heather Bresch, testifying before Congress in September. But she cut another great deal with the government a couple of weeks later. Mylan CEO Heather Bresch, testifying before Congress in September. But she cut another great deal with the government a couple of weeks later. (AP) Michael HiltzikContact Reporter Very quietly, on the Friday before a long federal holiday weekend, Mylan last week paid $465 million to stifle government allegations that it had systematically overcharged Medicaid for its notorious EpiPen medical device. This sum is, amazingly, well more than twice the $185 million paid by Wells Fargo over charges that its bankers systematically ripped off and stole the identities of their clients, but it hasn’t received an iota of the attention of the Wells scandal. Let’s redress the balance just a bit. You remember the EpiPen, don’t you? The device, which delivers a measured dose of epinephrine to stave off severe allergic reactions to food or insect bites, was the topic of a great deal of outrage a month or so ago because Mylan had jacked up the price of a two-pack to more than $600 from $100 in the few years since it acquired rights to the device. It appears that Medicaid may have been grossly overpaying for EpiPen due to Mylan’s misclassification. — Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., and Rep Frank Pallone, D-N.J. Mylan’s politically connected CEO, Heather Bresch, went before a congressional committee and essentially pleaded that the company had no option but to charge what the market would bear, even though that might place the life-saving device out of financial reach of many families. The company pledged to bring out a “generic” version of the EpiPen at about a 50% discount. It also expanded its program to cover the co-pay for the EpiPen for straitened families, although as we observed at the time, such “patient assistance programs” are themselves a drug-industry ripoff. As we’ve also reported, the company also has exploited one of the more odious loopholes in the tax code, moving its putative corporate headquarters to the Netherlands in an “inversion” deal to reduce its U.S. taxes, even though it benefits hugely from U.S. legal protections and it continues to be run out of a suburb of Pittsburgh. Another reason to hate Mylan, which jacked up the price of life-saving EpiPens: It's a tax dodger Michael Hiltzik The pharmaceutical company Mylan has been taking on a boatload of vituperation — and rightfully so — for a 500% hike in the price of its lifesaving EpiPen injector, which reverses allergic reactions. But there’s another reason to detest this remarkably amoral corporation: It’s also a tax dodger.... The pharmaceutical company Mylan has been taking on a boatload of vituperation — and rightfully so — for a 500% hike in the price of its lifesaving EpiPen injector, which reverses allergic reactions. But there’s another reason to detest this remarkably amoral corporation: It’s also a tax dodger.... (Michael Hiltzik) As is usually the case in these affairs, Mylan closed the books on its alleged Medicaid scam without admitting guilt. “The terms of the settlement do not provide for any finding of wrongdoing on the part of Mylan,” the company proclaimed in announcing the deal last Friday. The deal also forecloses rebate claims from the federal or any state governments, according to Mylan. The alleged ripoff stems from Mylan’s classification of the EpiPen in selling it to Medicaid. As Andrew Slavitt, acting administrator of the program, explained it to Congress on Oct. 5, until 1997 the EpiPen was classified by its manufacturer — then Merck — as a brand name drug. Late that year, however, it was reclassified by the manufacturer as a generic drug. The difference was lucrative: Makers of brand drugs must give Medicaid a rebate of up to 23.1%, but generic drugmakers pay a rebate of only 13%. Brand drugs are also subject to an additional rebate when their price rises faster than inflation. That’s indisputably been the case with the EpiPen’s price. Mylan will help more patients pay for its EpiPen. Here's why that's bad news for healthcare Michael Hiltzik Mylan, the profiteering, tax-dodging drug company currently taking immense heat for jacking up the price of its Epipen by 500%, announced Thursday that it will help more patients cover their soaring out-of-pocket costs for the allergy drug device. That’s good for some individual patients and families.... Mylan, the profiteering, tax-dodging drug company currently taking immense heat for jacking up the price of its Epipen by 500%, announced Thursday that it will help more patients cover their soaring out-of-pocket costs for the allergy drug device. That’s good for some individual patients and families.... (Michael Hiltzik) “It appears that Medicaid may have been grossly overpaying for EpiPen due to Mylan’s misclassification,” Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) and Rep Frank Pallone (D-N.J.), ranking members of the Senate Finance Committee and House Energy and Commerce Committee, told Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell in September.  By Medicaid’s standards, the reclassification is wrong. The EpiPen was approved by the FDA under a new drug application, has patent protection, and there are no competing FDA-approved devices, which are characteristics of brand drugs but not generics. Mylan asserts that the EpiPen has been classified as a generic with Medicaid “based on longstanding written guidance from the federal government,” but Slavitt disputed that. Medicaid “has, on multiple occasions … expressly told Mylan that the product is incorrectly classified,” he told Wyden. Slavitt wouldn’t estimate how much Mylan saved in rebates after it acquired the EpiPen in 2007, but he did say that Medicaid had spent a total of $960 million on EpiPen purchases from 2011 through 2015. The difference between a 13% rebate and 23.1% would be as much as about $100 million, depending on how the average manufacturer price is calculated — not counting the inflation rebate due on brand name drugs. The size of the settlement, however, suggests that the loss to Medicaid might be much higher. And there’s one more wrinkle: Myland won’t have start paying the higher rebate to Medicaid until April 1 — a six-month grace period that by one analyst’s judgment could be worth $120 million to the company.  For all that, Mylan has the right to claim that the settlement is good news. Bresch called it “another important step in Mylan's efforts to move forward and bring resolution to all EpiPen Auto-Injector related matters.” Shareholders cheered. On Monday, the first trading day after the settlement announcement, the company’s stock rose more than 8%. That’s how getting off easy translates into real money. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss Donald Trump wins the presidency, we show you how your neighbors voted, thousands protest in Los Angeles, Kamala Harris is heading to Washington, FBI director James Comey has a rocky future, California's passed some major bills, and Robert Durst appears in a Los Angeles court on murder charges     Donald Trump wins the presidency, we show you how your neighbors voted, thousands protest in Los Angeles, Kamala Harris is heading to Washington, FBI director James Comey has a rocky future, California's passed some major bills, and Robert Durst appears in a Los Angeles court on murder charges     Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss Donald Trump wins the presidency, we show you how your neighbors voted, thousands protest in Los Angeles, Kamala Harris is heading to Washington, FBI director James Comey has a rocky future, California's passed some major bills, and Robert Durst appears in a Los Angeles court on murder charges     Donald Trump wins the presidency, we show you how your neighbors voted, thousands protest in Los Angeles, Kamala Harris is heading to Washington, FBI director James Comey has a rocky future, California's passed some major bills, and Robert Durst appears in a Los Angeles court on murder charges     Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss President Obama and Donald Trump have their first meeting, what Donald Trump can and can't do with his presidential powers, George Takei donate 70 years of memorabilia to the Japanese American National Museum, and what scientists learned by tickling rats.  President Obama and Donald Trump have their first meeting, what Donald Trump can and can't do with his presidential powers, George Takei donate 70 years of memorabilia to the Japanese American National Museum, and what scientists learned by tickling rats.  Caption President Obama and Donald Trump in the Oval Office President Obama and Donald Trump discuss their visit at the White House President Obama and Donald Trump discuss their visit at the White House Caption Watch: Interview with combatants outside of Mosul Times reporter Molly Hennessy-Fiske interviews ISIS fighter and speaks with Iraqi military on the east side of Mosul. Times reporter Molly Hennessy-Fiske interviews ISIS fighter and speaks with Iraqi military on the east side of Mosul. Caption Thousands of students stage walkouts in protest of Donald Trump's victory Thousands of high school students flooded the streets of L.A. County on Thursday. They marched in protest of Donald Trump’s victory in the U.S. presidential election. Thousands of high school students flooded the streets of L.A. County on Thursday. They marched in protest of Donald Trump’s victory in the U.S. presidential election. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Los Angeles Times Medicaid Frank Pallone, Jr. Sylvia Mathews Burwell Ron Wyden Trump names top White House aides and says he'll move to immediately deport up to 3 million people 'We're called redneck, ignorant, racist. That's not true': Trump supporters explain why they voted for him A tree for Nohemi: Family and friends mark year since Long Beach student's death in Paris attack Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Orange County Opinion Place An Ad 74°



Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 9:50 P.M. ET Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 8:44 P.M. ET Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie 8:29 P.M. ET Trump-branded properties are poised for a rebound 8:16 P.M. ET ISIS urges truck attacks, says Thanksgiving Day Parade an ‘excellent target’ 7:49 P.M. ET May to say U.K. will pursue free trade while protecting workers at home 7:40 P.M. ET Japan's economy surged forward in Q3 7:36 P.M. ET Look up tonight to see the biggest supermoon in 68 years 6:53 P.M. ET EU vows to work with Trump administration while standing firm on key issues 6:41 P.M. ET Facebook stops allowing ads to target specific ethnic groups 6:32 P.M. ET Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 6:28 P.M. ET Updated Pro-Russian presidential candidates win in Bulgaria, Moldova 5:55 P.M. ET Experts forecast rising GDP, inflation and risks 5:52 P.M. ET VW, Audi confirm probe into Audi emissions 5:09 P.M. ET Blockbuster deals would make AMC No. 1 theater chain in world 5:00 P.M. ET Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 4:54 P.M. ET Paul Ryan likely to remain House Speaker 4:41 P.M. ET Updated Trump names RNC head Reince Priebus as chief of staff 4:31 P.M. ET Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 2:15 P.M. ET My mother-in-law is being bled dry by her incarcerated brother 1:15 P.M. ET The Secret to Successful Mole Catching Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Great Lakes Animal Welfare Conference to feature nation's top animal care experts, clinicians, fundraisers, legal specialists and more in Battle Creek, Mich. By Published: Oct 11, 2016 8:17 a.m. ET Share Animal advocates from across the Great Lakes region to discuss topics as diverse as compassion fatigue, data collection and analysis, de-escalating confrontations, trends in animal welfare legislation and the importance of collaborating to achieve similar goals. DETROIT, Oct. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Michigan Humane Society and Michigan Association of Animal Control Officers have revealed the line-up for the 2016 Great Lakes Animal Welfare Conference, the region's premier educational and networking event for animal sheltering and veterinary professionals, animal control agencies, animal welfare advocates and rescue groups. Headlining this year's conference is Kate Hurley, DVM and MPVM, whose work via the Million Cat Challenge has saved hundreds of thousands of feline lives. Dr. Hurley is director of the Koret Shelter Medicine Program at the University of California - Davis School of Veterinary Medicine. The 2016 GLAWC takes place Oct. 24 and 25 at the FireKeepers Casino Hotel in Battle Creek, Mich., and is presented by the Petco Foundation. Included among the 32 sessions are: Human violence and animal cruelty – Matt Pepper, president and CEO, Michigan Humane Society Difficult-to-place dogs – Ed Jamison, chief animal control officer, Cleveland Animal Care and Control Wildlife handling and rehab – David Pauli, Humane Society of the United States Feline leukemia and immunodeficiency virus – Annette Litster, BVSc, Ph.D., Zoetis Michigan Depart. of Agriculture and Rural Development - Animal Industry Division update – James Averill, DVM, Ph.D., MDARD-AID director "The Great Lakes Animal Welfare Conference brings together the top people in our industry to share best practices, learn about the latest trends in care and advocacy, welcome new professionals and collaborate to advance our joint efforts," said Matthew Pepper, CEO and president of MHS. "It's great to be able to bring this specialized training to animal control officers statewide," said Andy Seltz, vice president of MAACO. "It's a perfect opportunity to come together and share ideas that will ultimately raise our collective abilities to better serve the animals and people in our communities." Other sponsors include Zoetis, the Kenneth A. Scott Charitable Trust, a KeyBank Trust, Merck Animal Health, the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Petfinder, Purina, NexGard and Heartgard. For a list of sessions, registration fees and hotel information for the 2016 GLAWC and to register online, visit michiganhumane.org/glawc. FireKeeper's Casino Hotel is located at 11177 E. Michigan Ave. in Battle Creek, Mich. MAACO is a not-for-profit organization registered with the state of Michigan dedicated to the enhancement of the profession of animal control officers in Michigan by establishing professional standards, training and practices, for the control and care of animals and the protection of public health. The Michigan Humane Society is the largest and oldest animal welfare organization in the state. MHS works to end companion animal homelessness, provide high quality service and compassion to the animals entrusted to its care, and to be a leader in promoting humane values. michiganhumane.org   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/great-lakes-animal-welfare-conference-to-feature-nations-top-animal-care-experts-clinicians-fundraisers-legal-specialists-and-more-in-battle-creek-mich-300342137.html SOURCE Michigan Humane Society Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Great Lakes Animal Welfare Conference to feature nation's top animal care experts, clinicians, fundraisers, legal specialists and more in Battle Creek, Mich. Animal advocates from across the Great Lakes region to discuss topics as diverse as compassion fatigue, data collection and analysis, de-escalating confrontations, trends in animal welfare legislation and the importance of collaborating to achieve similar goals. News provided by Michigan Humane Society Oct 11, 2016, 08:17 ET Share this article DETROIT, Oct. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Michigan Humane Society and Michigan Association of Animal Control Officers have revealed the line-up for the 2016 Great Lakes Animal Welfare Conference, the region's premier educational and networking event for animal sheltering and veterinary professionals, animal control agencies, animal welfare advocates and rescue groups. Headlining this year's conference is Kate Hurley, DVM and MPVM, whose work via the Million Cat Challenge has saved hundreds of thousands of feline lives. Dr. Hurley is director of the Koret Shelter Medicine Program at the University of California - Davis School of Veterinary Medicine. The 2016 GLAWC takes place Oct. 24 and 25 at the FireKeepers Casino Hotel in Battle Creek, Mich., and is presented by the Petco Foundation. Included among the 32 sessions are: Human violence and animal cruelty – Matt Pepper, president and CEO, Michigan Humane Society Difficult-to-place dogs – Ed Jamison, chief animal control officer, Cleveland Animal Care and Control Wildlife handling and rehab – David Pauli, Humane Society of the United States Feline leukemia and immunodeficiency virus – Annette Litster, BVSc, Ph.D., Zoetis Michigan Depart. of Agriculture and Rural Development - Animal Industry Division update – James Averill, DVM, Ph.D., MDARD-AID director "The Great Lakes Animal Welfare Conference brings together the top people in our industry to share best practices, learn about the latest trends in care and advocacy, welcome new professionals and collaborate to advance our joint efforts," said Matthew Pepper, CEO and president of MHS. "It's great to be able to bring this specialized training to animal control officers statewide," said Andy Seltz, vice president of MAACO. "It's a perfect opportunity to come together and share ideas that will ultimately raise our collective abilities to better serve the animals and people in our communities." Other sponsors include Zoetis, the Kenneth A. Scott Charitable Trust, a KeyBank Trust, Merck Animal Health, the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Petfinder, Purina, NexGard and Heartgard. For a list of sessions, registration fees and hotel information for the 2016 GLAWC and to register online, visit michiganhumane.org/glawc. FireKeeper's Casino Hotel is located at 11177 E. Michigan Ave. in Battle Creek, Mich. MAACO is a not-for-profit organization registered with the state of Michigan dedicated to the enhancement of the profession of animal control officers in Michigan by establishing professional standards, training and practices, for the control and care of animals and the protection of public health. The Michigan Humane Society is the largest and oldest animal welfare organization in the state. MHS works to end companion animal homelessness, provide high quality service and compassion to the animals entrusted to its care, and to be a leader in promoting humane values. michiganhumane.org   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/great-lakes-animal-welfare-conference-to-feature-nations-top-animal-care-experts-clinicians-fundraisers-legal-specialists-and-more-in-battle-creek-mich-300342137.html SOURCE Michigan Humane Society Related Links http://michiganhumane.org Nov 10, 2003, 00:00 ET Preview: Do You Look Like An Animal Cop? It Could Net You Valuable Prizes At the Michigan Humane Society Animal Care Fair, Plus a Chance to Ride With the Stars of the Hit TV Show My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Great Lakes Animal Welfare Conference to feature nation's top animal care experts, clinicians, fundraisers, legal specialists and more in Battle Creek, Mich. News provided by Michigan Humane Society Oct 11, 2016, 08:17 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In

Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries News Business Headlines Print Stocks jump as energy companies, Apple move higher By The Associated Press | Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, 10:27 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — Stocks rose Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. Investors also reacted to the latest twists in the presidential race. Oil rose after Russia's government said it supports efforts by OPEC to cut oil production. Apple reached its highest price of the year and led tech stocks higher after new reports of fires affecting Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple's iPhone. Early in the day, stocks were on track for far larger gains. Steve Chiavarone, an associated portfolio manager for Federated Investors, said a tumultuous weekend for Republican candidate Donald Trump contributed to the market's gains. He said investors mostly expect Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton to win, and they are concerned about the effect Trump's trade proposals would have on the market and the economy. “What you're seeing in the market is a cheering of the status quo,” he said. In his view, that's because investors understand Clinton's views and what her administration might look like even though they may disagree with her on issues like tax policy. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia supports OPEC's efforts to cut oil production. In late September the nations of OPEC announced a preliminary agreement to trim oil production, but Russia, a major energy producer, isn't a member of OPEC. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.54, or 3.1 percent, to $51.35 a barrel in New York. That was its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.21, or 2.3 percent, to $53.14 a barrel in London. Exxon Mobil climbed $1.70, or 2 percent, to $88.44 and Devon Energy added $1.58, or 33.7 percent, to $44.39. Apple climbed $1.99, or 1.7 percent, to $116.05 as investors hope it will be able to sell more iPhones as competitor Samsung faced new problems with its Galaxy Note 7. Samsung said it has changed its production of the phones after reports that some of its replacement phones are overheating and catching fire, just as the original version of the phone did before Samsung recalled it last month. Samsung did not confirm or deny a report from a Korean news agency that it suspended production of the Note 7 phone. Drugmaker Mylan gained $2.93, or 8.2 percent, to $38.87. On Friday, the company agreed to pay $465 million to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid program for its EpiPen allergy shot. Legislators and federal health authorities had said Mylan wrongly classified EpiPen as a generic drug instead of a brand-name one, which meant Mylan paid lower rebates to federal and state Medicaid programs. The stock is down 20 percent since late August. Bristol-Myers Squibb plunged again after the company reported more data from a study of its drug Opdivo in lung cancer patients. It fell $5.62, or 10.1 percent, to $49.81. Rival Merck rose $1.13, or 1.8 percent, to $63.90 as investors were pleased with results from a study of its cancer treatment Keytruda. Bristol-Myers stock has dropped 34 percent since the company announced initial results from that trial in early August, which has sent to almost two-year lows. Merck is up 10 percent over the same time. Twitter continued to fall as investors grew less optimistic that the company will be sold. Twitter sank $2.29, or 11.5 percent, to $17.56. It fell 20 percent Thursday on reports that possible buyers including Apple and Alphabet had decided not to make offers. Twitter has been on a big run since late July on rumors the company might be sold. The stock is now the lowest it's been since early August. Salesforce.com, which investors believe is a possible buyer, rose $4.19, or 5.9 percent, to $75.10. Manufacturer Dover forecast a smaller profit and a bigger decline in revenue because of weaker spending in several industries and production problems in its retail refrigeration unit. The company also said its purchase of British company Wayne Fueling Systems won't close until early next year because regulators in the United Kingdom are still reviewing the deal. The stock gave up $5.55, or 7.7 percent, to $66.69. Germany's DAX rose 1.3 percent and the CAC-40 in France was 1.1 percent higher. The FTSE 100 in London rose 0.8 percent. The Kospi in South Korea rose 0.1 percent. More Business Highmark CEO made $3.8M last year Student debt weighing you down? There are options Dinner is a chore, even with Martha Stewart's help Post-election workplace peace starts by respecting co-workers Higher costs or lower revenue? Firms split on fiduciary rule Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.   Do you want to help us improve our commenting platform? Click here to take a survey.   Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Late Cowboys TD sends Steelers to 4th consecutive loss Man, 49, dies after fall from Downtown parking garage New flights bring international flair for Pittsburgh travelers Daily Gallery View Sunday — Nov. 13, 2016 Daily images from across the region by Tribune-Review staff photographers. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Exxon, Apple Push DJIA Higher Monday By Paul Ausick October 10, 2016 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet October 10, 2016: Markets opened higher Monday on a light news day with no economic data releases. The energy sector is leading the way as sentiment seems to be building for a cut to crude oil production. Tech sector stocks are also stronger today as investors and traders await the kick-off to the third quarter earnings season that unofficially begins Tuesday with Alcoa’s results. WTI crude oil for November delivery settled at $51.35 a barrel, up 3.1% for the day, its highest close in more than a year. December gold closed up 0.7% on the day to settle at $1,260.40, breaking a six-session losing streak. Equities were headed for a higher close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up by 049% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.46%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.72%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Monday was Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) which traded up 1.99% at $88.47. The stock’s 52-week range is $71.55 to $95.55. Trading volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 10.9 million. The energy giant welcomed the boost in crude oil prices. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) traded up 1.88% at $116.81. The stock’s 52-week range is $89.47 to $123.82. Volume was about 15% below the daily average of around 35.5 million shares. The bad news surrounding competitor Samsung’s Note 7 smartphone is good news for Apple. Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) traded up 1.57% at $63.75. The stock’s 52-week range is $47.97 to $64.86, and the high was posted early Monday morning. Volume was about 80% above the daily average of around 9.6 million shares. The drugmaker’s Keytruda lung cancer drug has bested Bristol-Myers Squibb’s Opdivo in recent clinical trials. Chevron Corp. (NYSE: CVX) traded up 1.54% at $103.84. The stock’s 52-week range is $75.33 to $107.58. Volume was about 25% below the daily average of around 6.4 million shares. The other DJIA stock to get a boost from rising crude prices Monday. Of the 30 Dow index stocks 20 are on track to close higher Monday and 10 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « IntelliPharmaCeutics Soars on Tentative FDA Approval Bristol-Myers, Staples Fall Into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Chevron Corp (NYSE:CVX), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Net Worth of American Presidents: Washington to Trump The Largest Employer in Every State The Next 14 States to Legalize Marijuana The Most Republican County in Each State Recent SEC Charges Israeli Firm With Misleading Investors About Binary Options Facebook Use Surge Ahead Of Other Social Media After the Election, 7 Major Infrastructure Winners for 2017 and Beyond Massive Icahn Trades Highlight Huge Insider Buying: Hertz Global, Herbalife, CBRE, Seattle Genetics and More Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How Donald Trump Could Affect Your Personal Finances 4 Tax Moves You Can Make Today to Avoid an Audit Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Donald Trump phoned Mitt Romney, who Trump often criticized, after election win: NBC TLT declines 7.4% over the past week The iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF suffers worst weekly loss ever Southcross (SXE): Moving Average Crossover Alert NetApp (NTAP) to Post Q2 Earnings: What's in the Cards? Top Ranked Momentum Stocks to Buy for November 11 th A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively How Donald Trump Could Affect Your Personal Finances 4 Tax Moves You Can Make Today to Avoid an Audit Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Trump's Dismantling Of Dodd-Frank May Be In The Works Trump Kids To Run Business While On Transition Team Fusion Staff Votes Overwhelmingly To Unionize Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Capital Region views super moon NYSPHSAA football playoff results, schedules Thousands rally, march in nationwide anti-Trump protests Hawaiian woman, suspect in sister's death, found in Albany News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories 7.8 earthquake strikes New Zealand Genes don't hold all the power Immigrants demonstrate against Trump as protests continue Clean slate set for team Trump Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories DeRozan too much for Knicks No. 3 Clemson stunned by Pitt Troy football advances to Class AA state semifinals Harvick at ease in must-win situation Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories India currency reset leads to chaos Disney forges ahead with streaming as ratings sag After the election, 'it's retail therapy either way' Rotterdam aquarium opened Saturday Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories 'Mars' on National Geographic falls flat Rocker Leon Russell dies at 74 Albany County ADA a real 'Survivor' 25 things to do this weekend Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Season of creativity Contest: Time to make a wreath and do good Movie clock for 11-13-2016 Kids: Enter our holiday card contest Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives She (didn’t) Fall in Love with the Drummer (memoirs) A megalomaniac in the White House and the fall of the faux-left Luxury Private Rail Car Travel Across the Rockies Black Friday predictions plus 10 ways to save TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Iorizzo: Nisky swimmers show us the power of teamwork Changes in marijuana policy could impact New York Jordan Horn fell quickly for Siena men's basketball Unsafe mercury levels continue in Mohawk River as Cohoes plant Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Custom Cape in Greenfield Update on local residential building projects Dancer Mark Ballas adds a flip to his routine High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Black Friday predictions plus 10 ways to save Amazon: Get $5 for downloading the Amazon App Amazon: Up to 50% off Kidcraft toys and furniture Bath & Body Works: Signature Lotion just $3, today only MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Highest-oil-prices-in-a-year-boost-stocks-9961457.php Highest oil prices in a year boost stocks Meanwhile, a stronger peso signals investors doubt a Trump victory Associated Press Published 10:47 pm, Monday, October 10, 2016 Photo: Mark Lennihan Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsungs Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) ORG XMIT: NYBZ101 less In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. ... more Photo: Mark Lennihan Highest oil prices in a year boost stocks 1 / 1 Back to Gallery New York U.S. stocks rose Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. Investors also reacted to the latest twists in the presidential race. Oil rose after Russia's government said it supports efforts by OPEC to cut oil production. Apple reached its highest price of the year and led tech stocks higher after new reports of fires affecting Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple's iPhone. Early in the day stocks were on track for far larger gains. Steve Chiavarone, an associated portfolio manager for Federated Investors, said a tumultuous weekend for Republican candidate Donald Trump contributed to the market's gains. He said investors mostly expect Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton to win, and they are concerned about the effect Trump's proposals would have on the market and the economy. "What you're seeing in the market is a cheering of the status quo," he said. In his view, that's because investors understand Clinton's views and what her administration might look like even though they may disagree with her on issues like tax policy. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia supports OPEC's efforts to cut oil production. In late September the nations of OPEC announced a preliminary agreement to trim oil production, but Russia, a major energy producer, isn't a member of OPEC. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.54, or 3.1 percent, to $51.35 a barrel in New York. That was its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.21, or 2.3 percent, to $53.14 a barrel in London. Exxon Mobil climbed $1.70, or 2 percent, to $88.44 and Devon Energy added $1.58, or 33.7 percent, to $44.39. Apple climbed $1.99, or 1.7 percent, to $116.05 as investors hope it will be able to sell more iPhones as competitor Samsung faced new problems with its Galaxy Note 7. Samsung said it has changed its production of the phones following reports that some of its replacement phones are overheating and catching fire, just as the original version of the phone did before Samsung recalled it last month. Samsung did not confirm or deny a report from a Korean news agency that it suspended production of the Note 7 phone. Drugmaker Mylan gained $2.93, or 8.2 percent, to $38.87. On Friday the company agreed to pay $465 million to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid program for its EpiPen allergy shot. Legislators and federal health authorities had said Mylan wrongly classified EpiPen as a generic drug instead of a brand-name one, which meant Mylan paid lower rebates to federal and state Medicaid programs. The stock is down 20 percent since late August. Bristol-Myers Squibb plunged again after the company reported more data from a study of its drug Opdivo in lung cancer patients. It fell $5.62, or 10.1 percent, to $49.81. Rival Merck rose $1.13, or 1.8 percent, to $63.90 as investors were pleased with results from a study of its cancer treatment Keytruda. Bristol-Myers stock has dropped 34 percent since the company announced initial results from that trial in early August, which has sent to almost two-year lows. Merck is up 10 percent over the same time. The Mexican peso grew stronger following Trump's calamitous weekend. Trump has criticized Mexico and its trade agreements with the U.S., so the peso has become something of an indicator of how investors feel about the election. The currency has tended to weaken when investors feel Trump is doing better and gets stronger when investors feel more confident in Hillary Clinton's chances. The U.S. buys about 80 percent of Mexico's exports, which gives it a big influence on the Mexican economy. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW 60 Servings of MuscleTech Hydroxycut Elite for $20 + $6 s&h Bodybuilding.comPosted 8 hr 16 min ago SHOP NOW Lenovo Flex 3 Skylake i7 16" Touch Laptop for $500 + free... AdoramaPosted 8 hr 10 min ago SHOP NOW Refurb Vizio 50" 1080p LED LCD Smart TV for $290 + free shipping WalmartPosted 2 hr 28 min ago SHOP NOW Walmart Video Gaming Rollback Sale Deals from $2 + free... WalmartPosted 7 hr 59 min ago Most Popular 1 Police follow leads in Crossgates shooting incident 2 Hawaiian woman, suspect in sister's death, found in Albany 3 Man falls to his death at Kaaterskill Falls 4 Woman charged with drunk driving in fast food drive-thru 5 Few details on shooting, but Crossgates welcomes patrons back 6 Rotterdam aquarium opened Saturday 7 Houston mom under investigation after kicking out her son, 7,... View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Veterinary Vaccines Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Oct 10, 2016, 21:23 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Oct. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Veterinary vaccines are extensively used in the prevention of life-threatening animal diseases. This report on the global veterinary vaccines market analyzes the current and future prospects of the market. The report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes a market snapshot providing overall information on various segments and sub-segments. This section also provides complete information and data analysis of the global veterinary vaccines market with respect to the leading market segments based on technology type, animal type, and geography. The report is a combination of primary and secondary research. Primary research formed the bulk of our research efforts with information collected from telephonic interviews and interactions via email. Secondary research involved study of company websites, annual reports, press releases, stock analysis presentations, and various national and international databases. The report provides market size in terms of US$ Mn for each segment for the period from 2014 to 2024, considering the macro and micro-environmental factors. Growth rates for each segment within the global veterinary vaccines market have been determined after a thorough analysis of past trends, demographics, future trends, technological developments, vaccination expenditure, and regulatory requirements. Increase in prevalence of animal diseases, surge in investments by government bodies, rise in demand for milk, meat, eggs, and fish; high expenditure on companion animals, and growing awareness about vaccination among the middle class are the major factors that propel demand for veterinary vaccines. Stringent market regulations and high R&D cost are the major factors likely to hamper the veterinary vaccines market. The market overview section of the report includes qualitative analysis of the overall veterinary vaccines market including the determining factors and market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, and opportunities, along with white space analysis. In addition, market attractiveness analysis by geography, animal type, and technology type, and competitive landscape by key players have been provided which explain the intensity of competition in the market considering different geographies. The competitive scenario between market players has been evaluated through market share analysis. These factors would help the market players take strategic decisions in order to strengthen their positions and increase their shares in the global market. The global veterinary vaccines market has been segmented based on technology type, animal type, and geography. Based on technology type, the market has been categorized into inactivated vaccines, live attenuated vaccines, conjugate vaccines, toxoid vaccines, and other vaccines such as recombinant vaccines, DNA vaccines, and subunit vaccines. Companion vaccines and livestock vaccines are the major segments by animal type. The companion vaccines segment comprises canine vaccines, feline vaccines, and equine vaccines. The livestock vaccines segment includes porcine, poultry, bovine, ovine, and other vaccines. Market revenue in terms of US$ Mn for the period between 2014 and 2024 along with the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) from 2016 to 2024 has been provided for all the segments, considering 2015 as the base year. Geographically, the veterinary vaccines market has been categorized into five regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. The mentioned regions are further analyzed by major countries contributing to the market. The competition matrix section included in the report is likely to assist the existing players to increase their market shares and new companies to establish their presence in the veterinary vaccines market. The report also profiles major players based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, business strategies, product portfolio, and recent developments. Major players in the global veterinary vaccines market are Bayer AG, Bimeda, Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Ceva Santé Animale, Eli Lilly and Company (Elanco Animal Health), Merck Animal Health, Sanofi S.A. (Merial Animal Health), Virbac, and Zoetis, Inc. The global veterinary vaccines market has been segmented as follows: Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Animal Type Animal Type Companion Animals Equine Canine Feline Livestock Animals Bovine Ovine Porcine Poultry Others Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Technology Type Inactivated Vaccines Live Attenuated Vaccines Conjugate Vaccines Toxoid Vaccines Other Vaccines Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Europe U.K. Germany Asia Pacific China Japan Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Middle East & Africa Saudi Arabia Rest of MEA Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04201042-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veterinary-vaccines-market---global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024-300342299.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Oct 10, 2016, 21:54 ET Preview: 2016 Europe Infectious Disease Molecular Diagnostics Market: Supplier Shares and Strategies, Country Volume and Sales Segment Forecasts, Innovative Technologies, Instrumentation Review Oct 10, 2016, 21:21 ET Preview: White Biotechnology Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 10, 2016, 22:24 ETNanosatellite and Microsatellite Market - Global Industry... Nov 10, 2016, 22:22 ETSafe City: Technologies, Industry & Global Market - 2017-2022 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Animals & Pets Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Veterinary Vaccines Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Oct 10, 2016, 21:23 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai Bengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Life Style Tech Samsung’s latest flame-out, a nail in consumer confidence on the electronics giant ? By Online Desk  |   Published: 06th October 2016 12:14 PM  |   Last Updated: 06th October 2016 12:57 PM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email The Galaxy Note 7, foreground, is displayed in New York. | (AP) With the most recent instance of a Samsung note 7 replacement catching fire aboard an US flight, weeks after a note 2 device caught fire on Singapore –Chennai bound Indigo flight, it is leading to thequestion on everyones mind - will Samsung bounce back from this fiery controversy? The Samsung Galaxy Note 7, launched in August, has been in controversy with instances of certain units overheating and catching fire prompting Samsung to recall almost close to 2.5 million note 7 devices shipped globally as well as Both United State Federal Aviation Agency(FAA) as well as Director General of Civil Aviaition(DGCA) issuing warnings not to carry Note 7 devices on planes as well as to other countries. Samsung at present holds 22% of the worldwide smartphone sales in the Q2 2016 with an 0.5 increase since the second quarter of 2015 where as Apple had seen a 1.7 % decrease in smartphone sales since the second quarter of 2015, according to Gartner. But with the launch of note 7 led to a sudden fizzle with news of devices overheating while charging and catching fire while leading to mass recalls of the device around the time, the Iphone 7 was launched.The recall may cost Samsung up to $5 billion in revenue this year and will damage the company's reputation.Samsung says it has sold 2.5 million phones with faulty batteries, analysts told Reuters. There was a sharp decline in Samsung stock value close to September 12 where news of the global recall affected andshortly after which that it had seen a gradual recovery by the end of september. The news on many online forums have many threads related to the note 7 recall being the most discussed ones along with discussions and sub threads regarding the recall and how to get their note 7 device exchanged for any other devices. In the coming weeks, consumer confidence towards Samsung electronics which has a size-able share in the electronics and smart phone industry and a foray into all aspects of electronics from personal computers, to smartphones will do to regain consumer confidence regarding its products. Recall Rewind: Dell recall of Sony made laptop batteries: In 2006, Dell had to recall laptop batteriesmanufactured by Sony in Dell notebook as it was said that the batteries caught fire while charging and in use. Faulty Takata corp airbags: It lead to close to 300 million airbags manufactured bythe company being recalled when it was known that close to 9 people had been killed by shrapnel from faulty components. Merck -Vioxx: In 2004, Merck the pharmaceutical company was forced to take the painkiller vioxx off shelves as it studies showed it doubled heart attack and stoke risks and was said to caused heartattack and stroke in close to 50,000+ Americans. Toyota car recall: Between 2009 to 2011, Toyota was forced to recall many of itscars due to issues regarding the foot pedal, accelerator pedal and Anti locking brakes system software in three recalls asthese were said to have caused deaths due to acceleration by faulty pedals and many other issues. (With Inputs from Agencies)  TAGS note 7 Samsung note 7 samsung electronics consumer confidence O P E N Coupon Flipkart Shopclues eBay Mobile Prices Samsung Mobile Prices Micromax Mobile Prices Apple Mobile Latest 34 bonded labourers rescued in Karnataka Poor facilities to greet Sabarimala pilgrims JE vaccination from Dec 1st week, toll reaches 92 Freak mishap: 2 Alappuzha youths die in Kodaikanal Three youths on razor attack spree on Capital road, 8 injured Karnataka man rescues three boys from drowning Gallery Multiple exposure shots of high octane action at Junior Athletics Championship   Remembering Leonard Cohen by his top five songs arrow Videos PM Narendra Modi addresses business leaders in Tokyo  People struggle to get cash exchanged arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express. 2016 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Sakhi | Cinema Express | Malayalam Vaarika Contact Us | About Us | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard

Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money How to Invest in Trump World DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Midday Report: Stocks Fueled by Oil Gains; Mylan Settles With U.S. Government U.S. stocks rose Monday as Wall Street looked past Sunday night's bitter presidential debate, focusing instead on oil's 3% rally and the looming start of earnings season. Scott Gamm Oct 10, 2016 12:18 PM EDT U.S. stocks rose Monday as Wall Street looked past Sunday night's bitter presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, focusing instead on oil's 3% rally and the looming start of earnings season. Oil prices in the U.S. rose on hopes OPEC will agree to a production cut at its meeting in November. The cartel's goal is to reduce output to a range between 32.50 million barrels per day to 33 million bpd. Merck (MRK) shares rose 1.8% following successful outcomes in Phase II/III trials of its lung cancer drug Keytruda. Bristol-Myers (BMY) , which saw its shares fall almost 9%, is developing a similar drug called Opdivo.  In August, the company reported negative late-stage trial results for Opdivo when compared with chemotherapy. Mylan (MYL) shares rose 9% after reaching a $465 million settlement with the U.S. government amid claims the drugmaker overcharged Medicaid for its EpiPen product. If you liked this article you might like Global Week Ahead: Eurozone GDP and Banker Pow-Wow Deutsche Bank CEO Cryan will take center stage at a Frankfurt conference. Laura Board Nov 13, 2016 4:00 PM EST 'Mad Money' Lightning Round: Target, Amazon, Tesla Jim Cramer says take a pass on TGT and the dollar stores; look at AMZN instead. Scott Rutt Nov 11, 2016 6:00 AM EST Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: Ahead of Veterans Day, Cautious Optimism for Growth Jim Cramer honors veterans and those willing to invest in a brighter future for America. Scott Rutt Nov 10, 2016 8:55 PM EST Dow, Lifted by Financials, Finishes at Record High; Nasdaq Slips Wall Street runs at two speeds as a rally in financials sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average to close at records, while a selloff in tech sank the Nasdaq. Keris Alison Lahiff Nov 10, 2016 4:05 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending Moving to Canada After Trump's Election? Here's Your Real Estate Guide to the Great White North Apple's iPhone 8 Just Keeps Looking Better and Better With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy Pundits Just Don't Get It: Here Is the Real Reason Why Trump Won Higher Ed Advocates Alarmed by Trump's Department of Education Shutdown Talk Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Go Monday 14 November 2016 News Nigeria Africa World Metro US Election 2016 Police arrest man for allegedly blackmailing victims with nude pictures 25 mins ago  Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Corruption: The war rages 50 mins ago  Columnists Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money We’re following due process with group life insurance, says Adelakun 1 hour ago  Interview Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Facilitating the duplicity of smart technologies and innovation in Africa 37 mins ago  Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Island Club’s sports week begins today 2 hours ago   Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Mark Angel Comedy, 2 other Nigerians win SSA YouTube Awards 1 day ago  Film Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Suntory Beverage berths in Nigeria, takes over Lucozade, Ribena brands 31 mins ago  Media More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Business  |  Business News   Apple, Mylan, oil shares lead US stocks up By AFP   |   10 October 2016   |   3:30 pm Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email (FILES) This file photo taken on September 17, 2012 shows the Apple logo on the Apple store on 5th Avenue in New York. Wall Street stocks jumped early October 10, 2016 with Apple gaining on news of more trouble with rival smartphone-maker Samsung and petroleum-linked shares advancing on higher oil prices. Apple rose 1.6 percent as Samsung Electronics acknowledged it was adjusting production of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone due to reports that replacement units for devices with exploding lithium-ion batteries are also catching fire. / AFP PHOTO / DON EMMERTWall Street stocks jumped early Monday with Apple gaining on news of more trouble with rival smartphone-maker Samsung and petroleum-linked shares advancing on higher oil prices. Apple rose 1.6 percent as Samsung Electronics acknowledged it was adjusting production of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone due to reports that replacement units for devices with exploding lithium-ion batteries are also catching fire. Dow members ExxonMobil and Chevron both picked up more than one percent as US oil prices climbed above $50 a barrel. About 35 minutes into trade, the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at 18,381,53, up 0.8 percent. The broad-based S&P 500 advanced 0.7 percent to 2,168.73 while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.9 percent to 5,338.80. Mylan soared 9.4 percent after it announced late Friday that it reached a settlement with some regulators to pay $465 million to resolve accusations that it overbilled the federal Medicaid program for the EpiPen allergy medication Twitter dived 12.7 percent following reports that several prospective acquirers of the company are no longer interested in bidding. One of the most often-mentioned names, Salesforce.com, jumped 6.1 percent; its shares had been beaten down after news surfaced that it was interested in Twitter. Dow member Merck added 1.7 percent as it released research at an oncology conference in Denmark showing a strong performance for its Keytruda treatment for lung cancer in clinical tests. Rival Bristol-Myers Squibb fell 9.1 percent after its treatment for the same condition performed “worse than expected,” said a note from Jefferies. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: AppleSamsungWall Street stocks You may also like Saudi says $60 oil 'not unthinkable' by year-end 10 Oct  Business News Nigeria’s problem is bloated governance, bureaucracy, says ICAN 10 Oct 1  Interview Chevron spends N5.6bn on scholarship 10 Oct 1  Money More   Sport Island Club’s sports week begins today 2 hours ago   United flop Depay saves Dutch blushes 1 day ago  Football Egypt take World Cup revenge over Ghana 1 day ago  Football Tennis: 'Snow' joke as angry Djokovic blasts media inquisition 1 day ago  Tennis Bolt to join training at Dortmund 1 day ago  Football England release Kane ahead of Spain friendly 1 day ago  Football Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro US Election 2016 Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2016 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 10 October 2016 | MYT 11:46 PM Apple, Mylan, oil shares lead US stocks up About 35 minutes into trade, the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at 18,381,53, up 0.8%. The AFP photo shows traders working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks jumped early Monday with Apple gaining on news of more trouble with rival smartphone-maker Samsung and petroleum-linked shares advancing on higher oil prices. Apple rose 1.6% as Samsung Electronics acknowledged it was adjusting production of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone due to reports that replacement units for devices with exploding lithium-ion batteries are also catching fire. Dow members ExxonMobil and Chevron both picked up more than one percent as US oil prices climbed above $50 a barrel. About 35 minutes into trade, the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at 18,381,53, up 0.8%. The broad-based S & P 500 advanced 0.7% to 2,168.73 while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.9% to 5,338.80. Mylan soared 9.4% after it announced late Friday that it reached a settlement with some regulators to pay US$465mil to resolve accusations that it overbilled the federal Medicaid programme for the EpiPen allergy medication. Twitter dived 12.7% following reports that several prospective acquirers of the company are no longer interested in bidding. One of the most often-mentioned names, Salesforce.com, jumped 6.1%; its shares had been beaten down after news surfaced that it was interested in Twitter. Dow member Merck added 1.7% as it released research at an oncology conference in Denmark showing a strong performance for its Keytruda treatment for lung cancer in clinical tests.  Rival Bristol-Myers Squibb fell 9.1% after its treatment for the same condition performed “worse than expected,” said a note from Jefferies. - AFP Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Stocks You May Be Interested Malaysian palm oil/Vegoils: Market factors to watch Monday Nov 14 'Trump Thump' whacks bond market for $1 trillion loss Higher profile for AWC, order book hits RM1.2bil Three Trump children seen managing president-elect's company Buffett breaks silence on Wells Fargo bogus account scandal Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Legislature gives final approval to autonomous vehicle bills Rafizi found guilty under OSA of possessing, disclosing 1MDB audit report Verstappen draws comparisons with the F1 greats Property Related advertisement Latest News Diary Malaysia 2016 Corporate Earnings Foreign funds net sellers at RM800m in week ended Nov 11 Malaysian palm oil/Vegoils: Market factors to watch Monday Nov 14 Asia shares divided Monday, US$ on high KLCI skids early Monday, ringgit steadier on BNM caution Most Viewed in Business Ringgit jumps against US$ early Monday Bank Negara takes on currency speculators Trump's election win not good news for Malaysian chipmakers Bank Negara’s audacious move to tame offshore market Bank Negara ready to supply US$ if needed Where are you on the journey to financial freedom? KLCI skids early Monday, ringgit steadier on BNM caution Higher profile for AWC, order book hits RM1.2bil Indian banks receive US$30bil in deposits Budget 2017 brings cheer to Lafarge Malaysia advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, November 14, 2016 10:47 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Apple, Mylan, oil shares lead US stocks up Monday October 10, 2016 10:29 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Dev Patel talks about Garth Davis’ ‘Lion’ The Edit: Top movies at the box office The Edit: Son writes heartfelt note as Leonard Cohen buried in Montreal Belgium rampant, Portugal survive scare in World Cup qualifiers Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York September 27, 2016. — Reuters picNEW YORK, Oct 10 — Wall Street stocks jumped early today with Apple gaining on news of more trouble with rival smartphone-maker Samsung and petroleum-linked shares advancing on higher oil prices. Apple rose 1.6 per cent as Samsung Electronics acknowledged it was adjusting production of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone due to reports that replacement units for devices with exploding lithium-ion batteries are also catching fire. Dow members ExxonMobil and Chevron both picked up more than one per cent as US oil prices climbed above US$50 (RM200) a barrel. About 35 minutes into trade, the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at 18,381,53, up 0.8 per cent. The broad-based S&P 500 advanced 0.7 per cent to 2,168.73 while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.9 per cent to 5,338.80. Mylan soared 9.4 per cent after it announced late Friday that it reached a settlement with some regulators to pay US$465 million to resolve accusations that it overbilled the federal Medicaid programme for the EpiPen allergy medication Twitter dived 12.7 per cent following reports that several prospective acquirers of the company are no longer interested in bidding. One of the most often-mentioned names, Salesforce.com, jumped 6.1 per cent; its shares had been beaten down after news surfaced that it was interested in Twitter. Dow member Merck added 1.7 per cent as it released research at an oncology conference in Denmark showing a strong performance for its Keytruda treatment for lung cancer in clinical tests. Rival Bristol-Myers Squibb fell 9.1 per cent after its treatment for the same condition performed “worse than expected,” said a note from Jefferies. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Global stocks fall with emerging markets as traders weigh US election One less haven for investors as Trump damages Denmark’s appeal Dollar advances on Trump bets as Japanese shares buoyed by GDP Dollar on high as US yields rise, Asia shares mixed Australia should follow India and scrap big bank notes, UBS says Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Stocks, dollar, Mexico peso jump after FBI clears Clinton Popularity becomes curse for Malaysia, Indonesia currencies US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Two killed as powerful earthquake hits New Zealand Reuters Video: Trump picks Priebus as White House chief of staff Reuters Video: Supermoon rises in Spain Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Duchess meets movie-star cat, animals go wild Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Related Articles Pollsters who predicted Trump win benefit from industry’s miss Wall Street elite stunned at Trump triumph (VIDEO) Trump’s Wall Street fans cheer as markets churn (VIDEO) Investors see no let up to market bloodbath if Trump wins presidency Trump’s chance of victory skyrockets in betting exchanges, online market Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 49° Share Asian stocks mostly up amid reports on Samsung, oil supply By Marley Jay / Associated Press Published: Monday, October 10th, 2016 at 8:39am Updated: Monday, October 10th, 2016 at 8:50pm In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........TOKYO — Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday, while South Korea’s benchmark fell following reports of fresh problems with Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 phone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.2 percent to 17,046.16. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. South Korea’s Kospi slipped 0.9 percent to 2,039.04. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added nearly 0.2 percent to 5,484.60. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was flat at 23,849.01, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.3 percent to 3,057.02. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed. SAMSUNG WOES: Shares in Samsung Electronics fell 5.4 percent after the company said it was sales of its Note 7 smartphones. It advised customers to turn off their devices or replace them. Samsung issued a worldwide recall of the Note 7, a huge phone-bordering-on-tablet with a powerful battery, in late September after the devices were found to have a tendency to catch fire. South Korean officials said Tuesday that replacement devices have also overheated or caught fire. WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. OIL AND RUSSIA: Oil prices fell slightly after spiking to their highest level in a year after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia, which is not a member of OPEC, supports a preliminary agreement by OPEC nations to cut oil output. Advertisement Continue reading THE QUOTE: “It was Russia to the rescue last night, as Vladimir Putin said Russia was ready to join with OPEC in creating a deal to curb production and pump up prices. At the same Energy Congress in Istanbul, the ever outspoken Algerian Energy Minister called on other non-OPEC producers to join them,” Jeff Halley, a senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a commentary. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 11 cents to $51.24. It added $1.54 to $51.35 a barrel in New York on Monday, its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 7 cents to $53.07 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 103.94 yen from 102.96 yen late Monday in Asia. The euro fell to $ 1.1128 from $1.1192. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe Most Recent Biz News Suggested Stories: Asian stocks uneven as Fed rate decision looms – Jun 14, 2016 Report: Samsung to recall phones after explosion claims – Sep 1, 2016 Samsung stops making Galaxy Note 7s as fresh problems emerge – Oct 11, 2016 Global markets hold up in face of Samsung woes – Oct 11, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Asian stocks mostly up amid reports on Samsung, oil supply By Associated Press Published: 22:49 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 22:49 EST, 10 October 2016 e-mail TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday, while South Korea's benchmark fell following reports of fresh problems with Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.2 percent to 17,046.16. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. South Korea's Kospi slipped 0.9 percent to 2,039.04. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added nearly 0.2 percent to 5,484.60. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was flat at 23,849.01, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.3 percent to 3,057.02. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed. SAMSUNG WOES: Shares in Samsung Electronics fell 5.4 percent after the company said it was sales of its Note 7 smartphones. It advised customers to turn off their devices or replace them. Samsung issued a worldwide recall of the Note 7, a huge phone-bordering-on-tablet with a powerful battery, in late September after the devices were found to have a tendency to catch fire. South Korean officials said Tuesday that replacement devices have also overheated or caught fire. In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsung¿s Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. OIL AND RUSSIA: Oil prices fell slightly after spiking to their highest level in a year after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia, which is not a member of OPEC, supports a preliminary agreement by OPEC nations to cut oil output. THE QUOTE: "It was Russia to the rescue last night, as Vladimir Putin said Russia was ready to join with OPEC in creating a deal to curb production and pump up prices. At the same Energy Congress in Istanbul, the ever outspoken Algerian Energy Minister called on other non-OPEC producers to join them," Jeff Halley, a senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a commentary. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 11 cents to $51.24. It added $1.54 to $51.35 a barrel in New York on Monday, its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 7 cents to $53.07 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 103.94 yen from 102.96 yen late Monday in Asia. The euro fell to $ 1.1128 from $1.1192. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Global markets hold up in face of Samsung woes Global markets hold up in face of Samsung woes Oct 10, 2016 The Associated Press   LONDON – Global shares held up Tuesday despite concerns over South Korea’s Samsung Electronics which saw its share price slide after the company said it is discontinuing production of Galaxy Note 7 smartphones permanently because of overheating handsets. KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, France’s CAC 40 rose 0.3 per cent to 10,650 while Germany’s DAX rose 0.3 per cent to 10,650. Britain’s FTSE 100 rose 0.2 per cent to 7,109 following its earlier record high of 7,129.83. U.S. stocks were poised for losses at the open with Dow futures and the broader S&P 500 futures down 0.3 per cent. FTSE RECORD: The index struck a record high amid hopes that many of its constituent companies will benefit from the pound’s slide in currency markets. At first glance, the opposing moves may appear perverse. However, there is an underlying logic to the moves and it’s to do with the fact that the drop in the pound, while a drag on consumers’ and businesses’ spending abroad, is potentially good for those British firms that already have big business interests outside the U.K. On Tuesday, the pound fell a further 0.6 per cent to $1.2387. ANALYST TAKE: “U.K. investors will once again be cheering the impact of a falling pound, as the drop in sterling once again works its magic on the FTSE 100,” said Chris Beauchamp, chief market analyst at IG. SAMSUNG WOES: Shares in Samsung Electronics fell 8 per cent after the company said it was halting sales of its Note 7 smartphones. It advised customers to turn off their devices or replace them with different devices. Samsung issued a worldwide recall of the Note 7, a huge phone-bordering-on-tablet with a powerful battery, after finding the devices have a tendency to catch fire. South Korean officials said Tuesday that replacement devices have also overheated or caught fire. Unsurprisingly, Samsung’s problems were a huge weight on South Korea’s Kospi, which ended the session down 1.2 per cent at 2,031.93. OIL AND RUSSIA: Oil prices were mixed after spiking to their highest level in a year after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia, which is not a member of OPEC, supports a preliminary agreement by OPEC nations to cut oil output. Benchmark New York crude was down 48 cents at $50.87 a barrel while Brent, the international standard, fell 32 cents to $52.82 a barrel. ASIA’S DAY: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.0 per cent to finish at 17,024.76. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added 0.1 per cent to 5,479.80. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dropped 1.4 per cent to 23,523.21, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.6 per cent to 3,065.25. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed. CURRENCIES: The dollar remained in the ascendancy amid expectations of a rate hike from the Federal Reserve later this year. The euro was down 0.5 per cent at $1.1085 while the dollar was up 0.1 per cent at 103.72 yen. shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Comments are closed. Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 45-57 We set you thinking Saturday 12 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Taliban suicide bomber kills four at NATO base in Afghanistan 1478949518 Business Kenneth Cole to shut down almost all brick-and-mortar stores in US 1478937060 Business December Fed hike still on the cards 1478950279 China&India India finmin says taking time to reset ATMs for new bank notes 1478945400 World Ex-U.S. ambassador to Moscow says banned from entering Russia 1478948063 Business Should you become an angel investor? 1478948771 Daily Focus Can mistake that ruined majestic Kashmir lake be fixed? 1478948486 Business China says concerned about EU protectionism on steel imports 1478946726 World Afghan parliament sacks three ministers including that of foreign affairs 1478946595 China&India Anger rising in India as banks slow to dispense cash to millions 1478942153 World Vietnam destroys huge pile of seized ivory, rhino horns 1478947279 World ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests 1478946977 World Pakatan Harapan embraces Dr M’s party 1478944560 World Pressure on South Korea's Park mounts as massive crowd demands she quit 1478944760 Lifestyle Diana Ser: Here’s how to ruin your painstakingly plotted family vacation 1478858772 World Russia says will need U.N. guarantee for new Aleppo humanitarian pauses 1478941877 World Vanilla and spice next to bloom in Dutch greenhouses 1478941880 World Mass rally kicks off in Seoul calling for Park’s ouster 1478941581 Singapore Family-friendly YouTube Kids app launched in Singapore 1478939160 China&India Moving to Shanghai? Mind the housing 1478894460 Business Audi, SAIC Motor sign deal to weigh jointly making Audi cars in China: source 1478940163 Lifestyle Get live lobsters at Brittany-inspired surf and turf eatery 1478894460 Lifestyle Vive La France 1478865360 Lifestyle Learning the art of people-watching in Singapore 1478868360 Lifestyle Food review: Otto’s Deli Fresh is a gem 1478873160 Lifestyle Say ‘oui’ to French cheese 1478874360 Lifestyle Weekend Guide: (Nov 12 to 13) 1478886360 Lifestyle Dining Guide: Where to get your tasty treats (Nov 12 to 13) 1478854560 Tech Three top smartphone cameras in real-world tests: Which is the best? 1478900160 Tech Zuckerberg among Facebook users mistakenly declared ‘dead’ 1478932875 World Trump ignorant of Europe, poses risk to relations: EU's Juncker 1478902932 Singapore The Big Read: $64m question for Singapore — Will Trump double down on campaign vows? 1478886960 World Woman set on fire in Japan restaurant: Reports 1478930170 World Shelter lends helping paw to animal victims of Syrian war 1478853360 Singapore Police probe alleged student bullying after video of attack goes viral 1478874000 Singapore Faulty hardware on single train identified as cause of CCL issues 1478878800 China&India Smog lifts, but companies' view of polluted Delhi skies is dim 1478856480 China&India Japan to supply India with nuclear power equipment, technology 1478875200 World Obama, Trump break the ice with ‘excellent’ White House meeting 1478894460 China&India China corruption fugitive returns from New Zealand: Xinhua 1478916240 Business Alibaba posts record Singles' Day sales, but growth slows 1478922475 Singapore Lim Chu Kang Road turns into makeshift runway for fighter jets 1478862060 World Peru prosecutors say can convict ex-president of money laundering 1478922095 Sports Local MMA fighters do Singapore proud at ONE: Defending Honor 1478921820 Lifestyle Ticks & crosses: Volvo's V40 Cross Country T4 1478894460 Sports National Stadium pitch to get yet another makeover 1478885760 Sports Community engagement key in Sports Hub’s efforts to entice S’poreans 1478887680 World Venezuela government and opposition talk, expectations low 1478918477 Business Consumer drone business stumbles, but commercial markets beckon 1478917497 Business U.S. banks' post-election rally may be just an appetizer 1478913656 Business Wall Street gains with energy shares; Apple up on Samsung woes Traders work on the floor of the NYSE. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 8:15 PM, October 10, 2016 Updated: 6:25 AM, October 11, 2016 U.S. stocks rose on Monday as energy shares gained with oil prices and as Apple jumped due to rival Samsung Electronics' worsening smartphone recall crisis. Aiding the advance, polls showed Democrat Hillary Clinton's lead widening in the U.S. presidential race following further turmoil in Republican Donald Trump's campaign over the weekend and a late Sunday debate between the candidates. Clinton is viewed as more positive for stocks partly because her positions are well known, Wall Street strategists have said. Apple's stock jumped 1.7 percent to $116.05 and hit a high not seen since December after Samsung Electronics Co Ltd suspended production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports of fires in replacement devices. "Samsung's woes being Apple's gains helped with that stock a lot," said Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia. "The (presidential) debate further set in stone the idea that Hillary Clinton is the likely winner and that you get the market you know rather than the market you don't know." Oil prices rose, lifting energy shares, after Russia said it was ready to join OPEC in curbing crude output and Algeria's oil minister said he expected similar commitments from other non-OPEC producers. The Dow Jones industrial average was up 88.55 points, or 0.49 percent, to 18,329.04, the S&P 500 gained 9.92 points, or 0.46 percent, to 2,163.66 and the Nasdaq Composite added 36.27 points, or 0.69 percent, to 5,328.67. The energy index was up 1.5 percent. Exxon and Chevron were among the top influences on the S&P and the Dow, along with Apple. An NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll on Monday showed Clinton increasing the recent lead she has held over Trump. Mylan rose 8.2 percent to $38.87 after the drugmaker late on Friday said it would pay $465 million to settle questions over whether it underpaid U.S. government healthcare programs by misclassifying its EpiPen emergency allergy treatment. Twitter Inc shares ended down 11.5 percent but pared losses late after a Reuters report, citing people familiar with the matter, that Salesforce.com Inc is still deliberating whether it should make an offer for Twitter. This week marks the start of the roughly month-long corporate earnings season, which could help determine investors' moods going into the Nov. 8 vote. Some investors hope that the period will mark an end to the year-long U.S. profit recession. Results from Alcoa are due Tuesday after the close. Trading was light because of the U.S. Columbus Day holiday. The bond market was closed. About 5.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.9 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.56-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.36-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 27 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 133 new highs and 35 new lows. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 With dollars scarce, Egypt's newly floated pound weakens Why people stay in jobs they hate Whole Foods shareholder pushing for changes, sale of company: Bloomberg While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What next for Singapore’s private housing market? What are the differences leading a start-up vs an MNC? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World Taliban suicide bomber kills four at NATO base in Afghanistan Ex-U.S. ambassador to Moscow says banned from entering Russia Vietnam destroys huge pile of seized ivory, rhino horns ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests Afghan parliament sacks three ministers including that of foreign affairs Business December Fed hike still on the cards Should you become an angel investor? China says concerned about EU protectionism on steel imports Audi, SAIC Motor sign deal to weigh jointly making Audi cars in China: source Kenneth Cole to shut down almost all brick-and-mortar stores in US Sports Local MMA fighters do Singapore proud at ONE: Defending Honor S’pore’s junior shuttlers edged out at world meet Wenger says fielding injured Sanchez would be a suicidal move Goal-shy Lions hope to find scoring boots in time for Suzuki Cup Community engagement key in Sports Hub’s efforts to entice S’poreans Entertainment ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests New NLB free app offers unlimited downloads for selected titles The cheat sheet to French films Leonard Cohen, writer of 'Hallelujah', dead at age 82 Dai Xiang Yu to marry actress Chen Zihan in Spain next month About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE � Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad App for Windows 8 The official Gulf News app for Microsoft's latest OS Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing App for Blackberry 10 Gulf News tailored for your Blackberry App for Windows 8 Tablet A native Gulf News tablet app for Windows 8 SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? SHARES HEALTH November 14, 2016 | Last updated 5 minutes ago 24KGold-- usd---- 10Events innext 7 days   Hot Topics: US Elections 2016 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2016 UAE Courts4 Crime3 Weather Society13 Health2 Health Matters In Mind top stories in Health Shaikh Hamdan medical award winners announced ‘Kids and Diabetes’ drive launched in 18 schools Pink Caravan breast cancer ride in March Transport1 Emergencies3 More18 Culture5 Education Environment5 Government10 Leisure2 Media Property1 Tourism3 top stories in More Meet the best street cleaners in UAE Shaikh Hamdan medical award winners announced UAE energy plan to make Earth greener Courts & Crime Education Life & Style News Pictures Sport News UAE33 Courts4 Crime3 Education Emergencies3 Environment5 Government10 Health2 Culture5 Property1 Leisure2 Media Society13 Tourism3 Transport1 Weather More18 General top stories in UAE Meet the best street cleaners in UAE Shaikh Hamdan medical award winners announced UAE energy plan to make Earth greener Gulf4 Bahrain1 Kuwait1 Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia1 Yemen1 top stories in Gulf Britain to boost Gulf defences Protests erupt in Sana’a over unpaid salaries Moderate voter turnout expected in Kuwait polls Mena12 Algeria Djibouti Egypt Eritrea Iran Iraq3 Jordan Lebanon Libya Mauritania Morocco4 Palestine Somalia South Sudan Sudan Syria4 Tunisia Turkey top stories in Mena Morocco seed vault can replenish crisis-hit land 6 things to know about Cop 22 Iraq military says Nimrud recaptured Europe7 UK1 Germany France3 Italy Spain Netherlands Switzerland Russia Other3 top stories in Europe Going it alone not an option for US, Europe British, French ministers snub EU talks on Trump Sarkozy courts ‘silent majority’ Africa South Africa Nigeria Kenya Other top stories in Africa Nigeria ‘demolitions leave thousands homeless’ Pressure on Park mounts amid demands to quit Africa wonders on Trump’s foreign policy Asia17 Afghanistan Australia1 India7 Pakistan3 Philippines1 Sri Lanka Bangladesh China Japan North Korea South Korea Nepal1 Other top stories in Asia Beggars earn respect as a source of loose change Modi seeks 50 days to weed out black money Chinese ship opens new trade route Americas8 USA6 Canada Mexico1 Brazil Argentina Other top stories in Americas Zuckerberg vows more action to tackle fake news Colombia, rebels agree revised peace deal Authorities rescue boy swept away in Pacoima Offbeat Courts & Crime Education Life & Style News Pictures Sport Business Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Julphar launches Type 2 diabetes medication Two medications prescribed for managing Type 2 diabetes launched by Julphar Published: 15:23 October 10, 2016 WAM   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Ras Al Khaimah: The UAE-based pharmaceutical manufacturer Julphar (Gulf Pharmaceutical Industries), announced that it is launching two medications, Xelevia and Velmetia, for the management of Type 2 diabetes. The announcement was made during a conference at the InterContinental Dubai Festival City. The launch is part of Julphar’s licence, supply and co-marketing agreement signed in April 2014 with the global pharmaceutical leader, Merck Sharp and Dohme. Speaking on the occasion, Dr Hussam Badr, marketing director at Julphar, said, “The launch of Xelevia and Velmetia is part of our continuing mission to develop Julphar diabetes portfolio, to support the health-care community in the region.” More from Health Shaikh Hamdan medical award winners announced ‘Kids and Diabetes’ drive launched in 18 schools Pink Caravan breast cancer ride in March ‘Herbal’ henna causes extreme allergy Walkathon unites community against diabetes Shilpa Shetty seeks to rewrite the diet rules In which careers do Emirati women excel? ‘Drug-laden’ candy not registered in Dubai: DM tags from this storyDubai follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsNewsUAEHealth tagsDubai follow this tag on MGN+ MGNgulf pharmaceutical industries Also In HealthShaikh Hamdan medical award winners announced News Gallery Glimpses of an ancient oasis New Yasser Arafat museum opens News Videos PlayDubai Canal opens with fireworks US expatriates in Dubai on Trump's victory Follow us Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01‘Herbal’ henna causes extreme allergy 02Hospital warned after man is left disabled 03Pink Caravan breast cancer ride in March Play Dubai Canal opens with fireworks Nov 09, 2016 Play US expatriates in Dubai on Trump's victory Nov 09, 2016 Play Prince Charles tours Humanitarian City in Dubai Nov 08, 2016 Play Watch: Stunning drone footage of Dubai Canal Nov 03, 2016 9Images People panic after Modi scrap Rs 500, 1000 notes Nov 08, 2016 9Images Glimpses of an ancient oasis Nov 11, 2016 10Images Gallery: Dubai's new 3.2km waterway Nov 09, 2016 21Images New Yasser Arafat museum opens Nov 10, 2016 Latest User Comments Bijoy Koodhathinkal wrote: Seems like the UAE will supply Hyperloop technology and know-hows to theworld within 5 years, simi... In Response To:Watch: Hyperloop One to reveal Dubai project george1810in wrote: Good job Shafaat. This is a major concern for all tenants in AKG and we've been raising this concern... In Response To:Parking woes irk Al Khail Gate residents contentsalive wrote: How it comes that Eid in Gulf and other eastern countries differ fromthe ones in sub continent cou... In Response To:September 12 is first day of Eid Al Adha Agenda Today Designing 007: Fifty Years of Bond StyleBurj Khalifa Today World Diabetes Day Today HR Summit and Expo 2016 Dubai World Trade Centre 15 Nov Designing 007: Fifty Years of Bond StyleBurj Khalifa 15 Nov Social Media Week IndependentAl Serkal Avenue 15 Nov HR Summit and Expo 2016 Dubai World Trade Centre 16 Nov Designing 007: Fifty Years of Bond StyleBurj Khalifa 16 Nov International Day for Tolerance 16 Nov Social Media Week IndependentAl Serkal Avenue 16 Nov HR Summit and Expo 2016 Dubai World Trade Centre 17 Nov Designing 007: Fifty Years of Bond StyleBurj Khalifa 17 Nov World Prematurity Day Most Popular on Gulf News Why expats risk fines to live in bed spaces Affordable housing under review in Dubai Emiratis in US warned of rising harrasment New Rs500, Rs2,000 notes not in UAE Crown Prince posts video of Dubai Canal Mirdif residents decry chiller charges Should UAE expats brace for weak dollar? Brother of Saudi Arabia's king dies Trump likely to end aid for Syrian rebels Close Recommended For You Case study: Living with diabetesPUBLISHED ON Nov 14, 2016 A Dunn deal in Abu DhabiPUBLISHED ON Nov 13, 2016 Passengers can now get UAE visa using appPUBLISHED ON Nov 13, 2016 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Early movers: MYL, DB, VIA, CBS, TWTR, MRK, BABA, UTX, MCD & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack Monday, 10 Oct 2016 | 7:51 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Brendan McDermid | Reuters Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City. Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Mylan — The drugmaker agreed to pay $465 million to settle charges that it overcharged the government for its EpiPen products. Mylan had been accused of incorrectly classifying EpiPen as a generic instead of a branded product. Deutsche Bank — Deutsche Bank were under pressure early in the European session on the lack of expected settlement deal with the Justice Department over its sales of mortgage-backed securities, but subsequently erased its losses and went positive. Viacom, CBS — The two companies may be closer to recombining, with The Wall Street Journal reporting that both have hired advisers to explore a potential merger. Twitter — Shares are under pressure once again on reports that potential suitors are now unlikely to make a bid for Twitter, with the latest coming from a Bloomberg story over the weekend. Twilio — Twilio filed for a follow-on offering, with most of the shares expected to be sold by existing stockholders. The cloud computing company will not receive any proceeds from those share sales, although it will also sell an undetermined number of shares on its own. Calpine — The power generation company is buying the North American energy distribution unit of Singapore commodities trader Noble Group for $1.05 billion. Facebook — Facebook's U.K. subsidiary generated an 11 million pound (about $14 million) tax credit in 2015, even as its revenue jumped, according to numbers released this weekend. Facebook did say it paid all taxes required under U.K. law. Tesla — The automaker will not have to raise new funds during the fourth quarter to fund its acquisition of SolarCity, according to Elon Musk, who is chairman of both companies. That's the opposite of what was said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission last week. Musk also said Tesla would "probably" not have to raise funds in the first quarter of 2017. Novartis — The drugmaker reported upbeat results in a study that combined an experimental drug with an older treatment to combat breast cancer. The study found that the combined treatment kept the disease in check for a good deal longer than current treatment regimens. Alibaba — The China-based online retailer has formed a partnership with Hollywood director Steven Spielberg's Amblin Partners that will help the Spielberg company distribute movies in China. Merck — Merck reported longer survival rates in a study that treated advanced lung cancer patients with its immune system-boosting drug Keytruda, compared to conventional chemotherapy. Dow Chemical — UBS upgraded Dow to "buy" from "neutral," saying the proposed merger with DuPont could gain regulatory approval and that the stock is now "too cheap to ignore." United Technologies — Citi downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "buy," saying consensus forecasts are too high given a number of underlying issues that will crimp earnings. McDonald's — Telsey Advisory Group resumed coverage on the restaurant chain's shares with an "outperform" rating, praising the "operational metamorphosis" implemented by CEO Steve Easterbrook since he came on board nearly two years ago. Netflix — Deutsche Bank initiated coverage on the video streaming service with a "sell" rating, saying market expectations through 2020 appear to be too high. The firm is positive on the business but said risk/reward is unattractive and that Netflix is unlikely to be the target of a potential buyer. —By CNBC's Peter Schacknow Questions? Comments? Email us at marketinsider@cnbc.com Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change NFLX --- MYL --- CBS --- TWTR --- VIAB --- FB --- CPN --- TWLO --- NOVN --- DD --- BABA --- SCTY --- TSLA --- DOW --- MRK --- UTX --- MCD --- DBK --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
null
News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Obituaries Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Think Tank Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business Insider Transactions Updated: October 10, 2016 — 3:01 AM EDT Facebook icon 0Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Villanova student says she was assaulted by white men yelling, 'Trump!' Nov 12 - 6:27 PM 6 hurt in 'flash mob' attack in Center City, including off-duty cop 12:15 PM Securities trades recently reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission by officers, directors, and principal shareholders of corporations based or having sizable employment in the Philadelphia area. Titles are as reported to the SEC. Aqua America Inc. Richard H. Glanton, director, sold 4,650 shares at $31.20 on Sept. 27, and now directly holds 4,583 shares. Bancorp Inc. Walter T. Beach, director, bought 180,000 shares at $6.52 on Oct. 4, and now directly holds 606,662 shares. Daniel Gideon Cohen, director, bought 440,000 shares at $6.52 on Oct. 4, and now directly and indirectly holds 922,516 shares. Paul Frenkiel, chief financial officer, bought 10,000 shares at $6.52 on Oct. 4, and now directly holds 25,222 shares. Damian Kozlowski, chief executive officer, bought 50,000 shares at $6.52 on Oct. 4, and now directly holds 359,790 shares. Jeremy L. Kuiper, officer, bought 10,000 shares at $6.52 on Oct. 4, and now directly holds 141,687 shares. James J. McEntee III, director, bought 100,000 shares at $6.52 on Oct. 4, and now directly holds 205,084 shares. Donald F. McGraw Jr., officer, bought 10,000 shares at 6.52 on Oct. 4, and now directly holds 45,833 shares. CDI Corp. Albert E. Smith, director, bought 8,000 shares at $5.40 on Sept. 27, and now directly holds 69,272 shares. Campbell Soup Co. Edward Carolan, officer, sold 2,400 shares at $54.35 on Oct. 3, and now directly holds 43,030 shares. Chesapeake Utilities Corp. John R. Schimkaitis, board chairman, sold 500 shares at $62.62 on Sept. 26, and now directly holds 145,604 shares. Coherus Biosciences Inc. Alan C. Herman, Ph.D., officer, sold 11,333 shares at $25.47 to $26.26 on Oct. 3, and now directly holds 458,614 shares. Jean Frederic Viret, chief financial officer, sold 3,900 shares at $29.88 on Sept. 26, and now directly holds 2,325 shares. Kulicke & Soffa Industries Inc. Brian R. Bachman, director, sold 780 shares at $12.91 on Oct. 3, and now directly holds 32,341 shares. Merck & Co Inc. Mirian M. Graddick-Weir, officer, sold 40,800 shares at $62.07 on Oct. 3, and now directly holds 88,173 shares. Orasure Technologies Inc. Douglas A. Michels, chief executive officer, sold 25,000 shares at $8.22 on Sept. 26, and now directly holds 756,898 shares. Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. Ralph Izzo, chief executive officer, sold 25,993 shares at $41.36 on Oct. 3, and now directly holds 701,353 shares. TE Connectivity Ltd. Thomas J. Lynch, chief executive officer, sold 123,633 shares at $63.81 on Oct. 3, and now directly holds 384,179 shares. Vishay Precision Group Inc. Nokomis Capital LLC, beneficial owner, bought 9,595 shares at $15.89 to $15.96 on Sept. 28 to Sept. 29, and now indirectly holds 1,823,918 shares. More Coverage Insider Transactions Oct 17 - 1:08 AM Published: October 10, 2016 — 3:01 AM EDT The Philadelphia Inquirer Continue Reading More in business Commercial Real Estate › Liberty Property Trust sells K of P offices to German firm for $26.8M Energy › Former DEP chief says Sunoco Logistics, not regulators, caused pipeline delays Business › Riding SEPTA's rails, with new ways to pay Riding SEPTA's rails, with new ways to pay Bank lawyers see Trump changes soon to Dodd-Frank financial rules President-elect Trump made plain his dislike for the Dodd-Frank financial regulatory law during the campaign and now it appears his administration... New editors to lead Philly newsroom's digital advance SEPTA contract to bring pay, pension and health-care hikes High-end furniture maker opens in Center City Winners and losers under Trump: Comcast, Dodd-Frank, Big Trucking and more "He didn't make this mess" Utility commission sides with Peco customer over repeated outages Dem campaign staffer sues; says DNC didn't pay OT Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»ABLYNX AKTIE»Ablynx: ABLYNX INITIATES A PHASE III FOLLOW-UP STUDY OF ITS FIRST-IN-CLASS WHOLLY-OWNED ANTI-vWF NANOBODY, CAPLACIZUMAB, FOR THE TREATMENT OF ACQUIRED TTP ABLYNX NV 9,10  Euro +0,045 +0,50 % WKN: A0M7H2  ISIN: BE0003877942 Ticker-Symbol: 4AY  Berlin | 11.11.16 | 08:05 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheBiotechnologie AktienmarktBEL Mid 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 9,244 9,43 13.11. 10.10.2016 | 07:04 (9 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) GlobeNewswire (Europe)·Mehr Nachrichten von GlobeNewswire (Europe) Ablynx: ABLYNX INITIATES A PHASE III FOLLOW-UP STUDY OF ITS FIRST-IN-CLASS WHOLLY-OWNED ANTI-vWF NANOBODY, CAPLACIZUMAB, FOR THE TREATMENT OF ACQUIRED TTP To evaluate the long-term safety and efficacy of caplacizumab To evaluate the safety and efficacy of repeated treatment with caplacizumab To characterise the severity and long term impact of acquired TTP GHENT, Belgium, 10 October 2016 - Ablynx [Euronext Brussels: ABLX; OTC: ABYLY] today announced that the first patient with acquired thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (aTTP), who completed the Phase III HERCULES study of caplacizumab, has rolled-over into a three-year follow-up study. Acquired TTP is an acute, ultra-rare, life-threatening blood clotting disorder in which uncontrolled platelet aggregation and microclot formation cause small blood vessel occlusions throughout the body[1] (#_ftn1), resulting in thrombotic complications and widespread organ damage[2] (#_ftn2). Despite the current standard-of-care treatment of daily plasma exchange (PEX) and immunosuppression, episodes of aTTP are still associated with a mortality rate of up to 20%, with most deaths occurring within 30 days of diagnosis[3] (#_ftn3). Furthermore, patients are at risk of acute thromboembolic complications (e.g. stroke, venous thrombosis and myocardial infarction) and of recurrence of disease. In addition, some patients are refractory to therapy[4] (#_ftn4), which is associated with a very poor prognosis for survival of an acute episode of aTTP. Long term, patients are at increased risk of hypertension, major depression, and premature death. The objectives of this study are to evaluate the long-term safety and efficacy of caplacizumab and repeated use of caplacizumab, and to characterise the long term impact of aTTP. Patients will attend twice yearly visits and undergo a number of clinical, cognitive, and quality of life assessments. Safety laboratory parameters, immunogenicity of repeated treatment with caplacizumab and disease-related markers will be evaluated. Upon any recurrence of acquired TTP, standard-of-care treatment consisting of daily plasma exchange (PEX) and immunosuppression will be initiated together with open-label caplacizumab. Patients will receive an intravenous bolus injection of caplacizumab at the start of PEX treatment followed by daily subcutaneous injections for the duration of daily PEX and for 30 days thereafter. Treatment with caplacizumab may be extended in the case of persistent signs and symptoms of underlying disease (e.g. ADAMTS13 activity profile remains below 10%). The study duration is anticipated to be approximately three years from the date the last patient rolls over from the HERCULES trial. Dr Edwin Moses, CEO of Ablynx commented: "As pioneers in the treatment of acquired TTP, we are committed to making caplacizumab available for patients suffering from this severe disease for which there is currently no specifically approved drug available. The safety and efficacy of caplacizumab has been demonstrated in the Phase II study and recruitment in the recently expanded Phase III study is proceeding well ahead of schedule. We are on track to file for conditional approval of caplacizumab in early 2017 in Europe and to communicate Phase III topline results before the end of 2017. In parallel, we have started to invest in our own commercial infrastructure and key expertise to support the anticipated launch of caplacizumab in Europe and North-America." About caplacizumab Caplacizumab is a highly potent and selective bivalent anti-von Willebrand Factor (vWF) Nanobody® that received Orphan Drug Designation in the United States and Europe in 2009. Caplacizumab blocks the interaction of ultra-large vWF multimers (ULvWF) with platelets and, therefore, has an immediate effect on platelet aggregation and the ensuing formation and accumulation of the microclots that cause the severe thrombocytopenia and organ and tissue damage in aTTP. This immediate effect protects the patient from the manifestations of the disease while the underlying disease process resolves. The efficacy and safety of caplacizumab in conjunction with the standard of care (PEX) were evaluated in the Phase II TITAN study in 75 patients with aTTP. Caplacizumab was well-tolerated and the primary endpoint of reduction in time to platelet normalisation was met (p=0.005). Treatment with caplacizumab resulted in a nearly 40% reduction in time to platelet count normalisation as compared to placebo (i.e., a faster reversion of thrombocytopenia with consequent reduced use of PEX). Moreover, during treatment, caplacizumab reduced aTTP recurrences by 71% compared to placebo when administered as an adjunct to standard of care[5] (#_ftn5). Post-hoc analyses of the Phase II TITAN study data5 were performed to assess the impact of caplacizumab on a composite endpoint of major thromboembolic complications and aTTP-related mortality, as well as on refractoriness to standard treatment. The results demonstrate that a clinically meaningful lower proportion of subjects treated with caplacizumab experienced one or more major thromboembolic events, or died, as compared to placebo (11.4% versus 43.2%). In addition, fewer caplacizumab-treated patients, compared to those who received placebo, were refractory[6] (#_ftn6) to treatment (5.7% versus 21.6%; and 0% versus 10.8%, respectively depending on the definition of refractoriness4). There were two deaths in the placebo group and both those patients were refractory to treatment; no deaths were reported in the caplacizumab group. These Phase II results will serve as the basis for filing for conditional approval of caplacizumab in Europe in early 2017. The confirmatory Phase III HERCULES study is currently ongoing and will support the BLA filing in the United States. Results from this Phase III study are expected by the end of 2017. Caplacizumab has the potential to be the first therapeutic specifically approved for the treatment of acquired TTP. About aTTP aTTP is an acute, ultra-rare, life-threatening, blood clotting disorder, affecting up to 11 per million people worldwide. It has a sudden onset caused by impaired activity of the ADAMTS13 enzyme (typically <10% of that in normal plasma), leaving ULvWF molecules uncleaved (vWF is an important protein involved in the blood clotting process). These ULvWF molecules spontaneously bind to blood platelets, resulting in severe thrombocytopenia (very low platelet count) and micro-clot formation in small blood vessels throughout the body1, leading to thrombotic complications and widespread organ damage2. Up to 20% of patients die from an initial aTTP episode with most deaths occurring within 30 days of diagnosis3. In addition to the acute risks of the disease, patients experiencing an episode of aTTP may suffer long-term consequences such as cognitive deficits, depression, and arterial hypertension[7] (#_ftn7), and are at risk for recurrence. The recurrence rate ranges from 10-84%[8] (#_ftn8) and typically occur within 1-2 years[9] (#_ftn9), but recurrences have been reported up to 30 years after the initial episode[10] (#_ftn10). About Ablynx Ablynx (http://www.ablynx.com/) is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development of Nanobodies® (http://www.ablynx.com/technology-innovation/understanding-nanobodies/), proprietary therapeutic proteins based on single-domain antibody fragments, which combine the advantages of conventional antibody drugs with some of the features of small-molecule drugs. Ablynx is dedicated to creating new medicines which will make a real difference to society. Today, the Company has more than 45 proprietary and partnered programmes (http://www.ablynx.com/rd-portfolio/overview/) in development in various therapeutic areas including inflammation, haematology, immuno-oncology, oncology and respiratory disease. The Company has collaborations with multiple pharmaceutical companies including AbbVie, Boehringer Ingelheim, Eddingpharm, Genzyme, Merck & Co., Inc., Merck KGaA, Novartis, Novo Nordisk and Taisho Pharmaceuticals. The Company is headquartered in Ghent, Belgium. More information can be found on www.ablynx.com (http://www.ablynx.com). For more information, please contact Ablynx: Dr Edwin Moses CEO t:   +32 (0)9 262 00 07 m: +32 (0)473 39 50 68 e:  edwin.moses@ablynx.com (mailto:edwin.moses@ablynx.com) Marieke Vermeersch Director IR & Corporate Communications t:   +32 (0)9 262 00 82 m: +32 (0)479 49 06 03 e:  marieke.vermeersch@ablynx.com (mailto:marieke.vermeersch@ablynx.com%20) Follow us on Twitter @AblynxABLX Ablynx media/analyst relations FTI Consulting: Julia Phillips, Brett Pollard, Mo Noonan, Matthew Moss t: +44 20 3727 1000 e: ablynx@fticonsulting.com (mailto:ablynx@fticonsulting.com) [1] (#_ftnref1) Veyradier, NEJM 2016: "von Willebrand Factor - A new target for TTP treatment?" [2] (#_ftnref2) Scully et al, Br J Hem 2012; Sarode et al, J Clin Apher 2014; Chaturvedi et al, Am J Hem 2013 [3] (#_ftnref3) Benhamou, Y. et al., Haematologica 2012 [4] (#_ftnref4) Defined as: 'failure of platelet response after 7 days despite daily plasma exchange treatment' or 'absence of platelet count doubling after 4 days of standard treatment, and LDH>upper limit of normal [5] (#_ftnref5) Press release June 2014 (http://hugin.info/137912/R/1793634/617554.pdf); Manuscript (http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa1505533) in the NEJM, Feb 2016; presentation (http://www.ablynx.com/uploads/data/files/ablynx%20poster_eha_june%202016.pdf) at EHA 2016; presentation (http://www.ablynx.com/uploads/data/files/ablynx_ecth%202016%20-%20titan%20post%20hoc.pdf) at ECTH 2016 [6] (#_ftnref6) Peyvandi et al, notes to editor NEJM 2016 [7] (#_ftnref7) Deford et al, Blood 2013 [8] (#_ftnref8) Thejeel et al, American journal of hematology 2016 [9] (#_ftnref9) Kremer Hovinga et al, Blood 2010 [10] (#_ftnref10) Falter et al, Hamostaseologie 2013 pdf format of the press release (http://hugin.info/137912/R/2047686/765456.pdf) This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: Ablynx via Globenewswire © 2016 GlobeNewswire (Europe) Nachrichten zu ABLYNX NV Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Do BRIEF-Ablynx announces warrant exercise ► Artikel lesen Do Ablynx: ABLYNX ANNOUNCES WARRANT EXERCISE REGULATED INFORMATION GHENT, Belgium, 10 November 2016 - Ablynx [Euronext Brussels: ABLX; OTC: ABYLY] today announced, in conformity with Title II of the Law of 2 May 2007 and the Royal... ► Artikel lesen Mi Ablynx: ABLYNX TO PRESENT AT THE JEFFERIES LONDON HEALTHCARE CONFERENCE 2016 GHENT, Belgium, 9 November 2016 - Ablynx [Euronext Brussels: ABLX; OTC: ABYLY] today announced that its CEO, Dr Edwin Moses, will present a company update at the Annual Jefferies Healthcare... ► Artikel lesen 21.10. EuroBiotech Report: Novartis-TxCell, AbbVie rejects Ablynx, Merck KGaA and more ► Artikel lesen 21.10. BRIEF-Ablynx announces warrant exercise ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Your Money Markets Personal Finance Exchange Rates All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Optimism among oil firms and carmakers lifts European shares Drugmaker Malin climbs 7% after announcing boost to management Mon, Oct 10, 2016, 20:13 Mark Paul Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany. Deutsche Bank rebounded 3.4 per cent.         European stocks rose for the first time in four days as a surge in crude propelled energy companies higher and carmakers rose on signs the region’s economy is improving. US stocks rebounded from a weekly decline, led by energy and raw-materials producers as a rally in crude bolstered optimism that the drag from weakness in the oil patch will abate. Dublin The Iseq rose just over 0.5 per cent yesterday, as European shares generally surged. Pharmaceutical company Malin was among the best performers in Dublin, closing up well over 7 per cent. The company announced in recent days that it had beefed up its senior management team with an executive from financial behemoth BlackRock. Datalex, the travel software firm, also rose on the back of optimism in the sector. At one stage in mid afternoon trading, it was up more than 3.5 per cent, but it lost some ground in late trading and finished up 1.2 per cent. Sellers in the market helped drag Fyffes down by more than 4 per cent in the afternoon, although it recovered some of this ground, finishing 2.8 per cent in the red. Ryanair finished down almost 1 per cent on a read-through from cautious analyst comments relating to its rival Easyjet. London Royal Dutch Shell climbed 2.8 per cent, while BP advanced 1.7 per cent as crude climbed. Mining firms BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto Group gained more than 2 per cent. The moves pushed the FTSE 100 Index up 0.8 per cent, erasing a slide of 0.3 per cent.UK equities have become this year’s best performers in the developed world, thanks to a tumbling pound and a recovery in commodities. Among stocks falling, EasyJet, which sank to its lowest price since 2013 on Friday, dropped another 2.3 per cent after Societe Generale recommended selling the shares. ADVERTISEMENT Housebuilders including Persimmon and Taylor Wimpey dropped more than 2.6 per cent after an analyst said Knight Frank results offer further sign of blows to the Central London property market. Barclays, Lloyds Banking Group and Royal Bank of Scotland Group slipped after Citigroup said the firms’ capital levels may get hit because of their exposure to defined benefit pension liabilities. Europe Vivendi added 1.8 per cent after Vincent Bollore’s investment company raised its stake in the French media conglomerate to more than 20 per cent. Deutsche Bank rebounded 3.4 per cent as Austrian Finance Minister Hans Joerg Schelling said that the German lender should be able to “solve the problems with the United States” and that a punishment of $10 billion would be too much. Ingenico Group slid 1.7 per cent after Barclays cut its rating of the French payments processor to equal weight, similar to hold, from overweight, citing tougher competition. New York The S&P 500 had climbed 0.7 per cent to 2,168.39 by mid-morning in New York, reversing a 0.3 per cent decline on Friday. The Dow Jones Industrial Average had added 140.26 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 18,380.75. The Nasdaq Composite Index had increased 0.9 per cent. West Texas Intermediate crude futures in New York rose 2.9 per cent toward a four-month high. Mylan surged 9.3 per cent after agreeing to pay $465 million to settle a probe over how the drugmaker charged Medicaid for its allergy shot EpiPen. Electric carmaker Tesla was up 2.85 per cent at $202.21 after chief executive Elon Musk said it would not need to raise equity or corporate debt in the fourth quarter for its planned acquisition of SolarCity, whose shares also rose. Merck rose 3.1 per cent after clinical data showed its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. Twitter dropped 6.7 per cent and was the top mover premarket after a report that potential bidders, including Salesforce.com, were said to have backed off. (Additional reporting: Bloomberg/Reuters)       Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Pound raises cost of Britain’s EU budget contribution Retail & Services Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy International Gerry Thornley: Focus returns to showdown with All Blacks Economy EU-US trade deal talks likely to be ‘frozen’ for years – commissioner Sponsored My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa Power up your company's pension plan Designed for life: Helen James on creativity and a life InSync ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Lansdowne Road deal needs correction, says union chief 21:32 Councils losing revenue due to rates assessment backlog 20:28 The big business events coming up in the week ahead 19:12 In the news: Arnotts’ bumper year and Clare crematorium 18:09 Pound raises cost of Britain’s EU budget contribution 17:27 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 How to . . . fix Apple’s iOS 10’s annoying features 2 The big business events coming up in the week ahead 3 Standard Chartered weighs private-equity investments 4 Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy 5 Irish businesses get chance to pitch to Richard Branson 6 Unlocking the blockchain enigma 7 Trump’s plans won’t damage US investment in Ireland, Noonan says 8 Panama Papers shine a light on Ireland’s SPVs 9 Planning weddings in the United Arab Emirates 10 Small talk makes a big difference to your career Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Our Columnists Dominic Coyle Will my credit rating be ruined by how brother runs joint account? Chris Johns Chris Johns: Our prosperity has much to fear from the goon squad John FitzGerald Problems of US working class not rooted in globalisation Mark Paul Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 14/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter Linvision Joins the Bright Partner Community Bright Computing - Leave a Comment Amsterdam, Netherlands - Today, Bright Computing, leading provider of high performance clustered infrastructure management software, announced that Linvision has become the latest company to join the Bright Computing partner network, to serve customers across Benelux, France and Germany. Amsterdam, Netherlands – Today, Bright Computing, leading provider of high performance clustered infrastructure management software, announced that Linvision has become the latest company to join the Bright Computing partner network, to serve customers across Benelux, France and Germany. Based in the Netherlands, Linvision HPC BV is a leader in the design, build, integration and support of High Performance Computing (HPC) systems, ranging from standalone servers to complex clusters. With over 17 years of experience, Linvision's deep understanding of the HPC market enables the company to offer customers the best technical solutions, along with in-depth knowledge and excellent client support. Founded in 1999 as a “techno starter” from the Delft University of Technology, many researchers in The Netherlands and other European countries have already experienced Linvision as a useful knowledge partner in the field of HPC. Linvision has partnered with Bright Computing to improve the way that its customers deploy and manage HPC clusters. Linvision customers are largely in the enterprise and research organisations who work within strict budgets and under the pressure of deadlines. With the use of Bright Cluster Manager, Linvision customers are able to focus on their core business, in the knowledge that their cluster is being managed in a cost-effective and efficient way. Clemens Engler, Business Development Director at Bright Computing, commented; “Linvision has a lot of experience providing HPC solutions to the enterprise market and understands the challenges that customers face when deploying and managing HPC. We look forward to collaborating with Linvision to address new business opportunities across Europe.” Karin Peeters, CEO at Linvision, added; “At Linvision, we see a high demand from organisations for state of the art HPC systems that enable projects to be carried out efficiently and cost-effectively. I’m excited that Bright and Linvision can enter this market together, to see how we can support our customers with their evolving business challenges.” For more information, visit www.brightcomputing.com ### About Bright Computing Bright Computing is the leading independent provider of cluster and cloud management software. Bright Cluster Manager™, Bright Cluster Manager for Big Data™, and Bright OpenStack™ provide a unified, hardware-agnostic approach to installing, provisioning, configuring, managing, and monitoring HPC clusters, big data clusters, and OpenStack clouds. Bright’s products are currently deployed in more than 500 data centers around the world. Bright Computing’s customer base includes global academic, governmental, financial, healthcare, manufacturing, energy, and pharmaceutical organizations such as 3M, Boeing, Chevron, Cisco, CSIRO, GWDG, MARIN, Merck, NASA, PACCAR, Roche, Saudi Aramco, Stanford University, Toyota, Van Andel and Volvo. Bright partners with Amazon, Cray, Dell, Intel, Nvidia, SGI, and other leading vendors to deliver powerful, integrated solutions for managing advanced IT infrastructure such as high performance computing clusters, big data clusters, and OpenStack-based private clouds. www.brightcomputing.com Topics covered in this article bright computing Cloud Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVI Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Fri, 28 Oct 2016 15:30:57 +0000
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Wall Street set to rise after Clinton seen winner of debate Reuters |  Oct 10, 2016 06:20 PM IST By Yashaswini Swamynathan (Reuters) - Wall Street was set to open higher on Monday after Democrat Hillary Clinton was widely seen as the winner of the second presidential debate. A Clinton presidency would be more positive for the markets because her positions are more well known than those of her Republican rival Donald Trump, according to a Reuters poll. A CNN/ORC snap poll of debate watchers found that 57 percent thought Clinton won the encounter, versus 34 percent for Trump. Oil rose more than 1 percent, approaching one-year highs, as speculators raised bets that prices would gain on the back of an agreement among OPEC producers to rein in record output levels. [O/R] "Investors will ponder the presidential debate and follow the events in the commodity markets, especially oil," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York. Wall Street slipped on Friday as the pound dropped and a weaker-than-expected U.S. payrolls number did little to dampen hopes of an interest rate hike by the end of this year. Investors are also bracing for the third-quarter earnings season, which unofficially kicks off on Tuesday when aluminum producer Alcoa reports. "The markets seem to be looking for a repeat of last quarter, with most companies exceeding Street consensus but obviously on a scaled back earnings growth," Cardillo said. Earnings of S&P 500 companies are expected to drop 0.7 percent, according to Thomson Reuters data. The dollar, which has been swinging between gains and losses for the past five trading days, was up 0.2 percent against a basket of major currencies. The pound fell again on Monday. The U.S. bond market was closed for the Columbus Day holiday. Dow e-minis were up 73 points, or 0.4 percent, with 21,135 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were up 9.5 points, or 0.44 percent, with 145,847 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 20.5 points, or 0.42 percent, on volume of 18,817 contracts. Shares of Twitter dropped 13.1 percent and were the top movers premarket after a Bloomberg report on Saturday that the social media company was unlikely to receive any bids. Mylan soared 12.24 percent in heavy premarket trading. The drugmaker on Friday said it would pay $465 million to settle questions over whether it underpaid U.S. government healthcare programs by misclassifying its EpiPen emergency allergy treatment. Electric carmaker Tesla was up 1.83 percent at $200.20 after Chief Executive Elon Musk said the company would not need to raise equity or corporate debt in the fourth quarter for its planned acquisition of SolarCity Corp, whose shares also rose. Merck rose 3.2 percent after clinical data showed its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Benami properties, gold next: PM Modi After demonetisation, benami property holders the next target: PM Modi New series of Rs 500 notes issued Sunday sees no let up in rush at ATMs; banks to be closed tomorrow Cash withdrawal limit at ATMs raised to Rs 2,500 per day More From Current Affairs Indian markets closed on Monday for public holiday Dollar on high as U.S. yields rise, Asia shares divided RBI asks banks to furnish daily data on cash withdrawals Banks get $44 billion of old-currency notes in four days India raises cap on bank cash withdrawal to ease public anger [ more ] Top Stories Day 4: Chaos on at banks, ATMs, trade collapses in small towns New emissions cheating software may lurk in Audis Govt likely to put curbs on jewellers Donald Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million immigrants ATMs to dispense Rs 2,500; banks to exchange Rs 4,500 per day [ more ] Markets Agriculture mandi comes to halt due to liquidity crisis Govt likely to put curbs on jewellers Commodity picks: 14 November, 2016 Street Signs: Rich investors' US election Demonetisation: India at an inflection point [ more ] Companies Ester targets three-fold growth in five years, riding on specialty polymers Tata Steel boardroom drama: How independent directors did a flip-flop Paytm hits record 5 mn transactions a day Tata Sons stoops to new low: Mistry Bengaluru tech talent crucial for our success: Nadiem Makarim [ more ] Opinion Preparing for the promise of Trump Managing complexities in corporate governance SC harmonises debt recovery laws Worsening bankability A wrong strategy [ more ] Latest News Day 4: Chaos on at banks, ATMs, trade collapses in small towns Donald Trump names Reince Priebus chief of staff, Stephen Bannon chief strategist Israel President Reuven Rivlin leaves for six-day visit to India New Zealand PM John Key cancels Argentina trip after quake Aditi Ashok wins Women's Indian Open [ more ] Today's Paper Day 4: Chaos on at banks, ATMs, trade collapses in small towns ATMs to dispense Rs 2,500; banks to exchange Rs 4,500 per day Tata Steel boardroom drama: How independent directors did a flip-flop Tata Sons stoops to new low: Mistry Benami properties, gold next: PM Modi [ more ] News you can use Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate Free lounge access, movie tickets and more: Credit cards offer benefits but don't miss the caveats Home gym in your budget Getting justice in cyber crime is difficult [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TIObwa Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. Stock Jumped 21.2% in September The little biotech with lots of big partners caught the eye of some investment bank analysts. Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Oct 10, 2016 at 10:08AM Image source: Getty Images. What happened Shares of Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:HALO) a biotechnology company focused on enhancing drug delivery, rose 21.2% in September, according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence. The stock tanked to begin the year, but following a handful of conference presentations last month, it appears back in favor. HALO data by YCharts So what  Halozyme's ace in the hole is Enhanze, an enzyme that enhances efficacy of its partners' drugs by breaking down tissue surrounding their targets. Enhanze even allows subcutaneous injections (instead of inconvenient IV infusions) of multi-billion blockbuster cancer therapies Herceptin and Rituxan/MabThera from Roche, and it is a major component of immunodeficiency treatment Hyqvia from Shire. Although the Roche-partnered products aren't available in the U.S. yet, 2015 sales of these combination therapies containing Enhanze reached about $6.8 billion last year. Halozyme's quickly growing revenue streams include sales of Hylenex (basically a solo version of Enhanze), a royalty percentage in the mid-single digits on sales of all three commercial stage products containing Enhanze, plus significant milestone payments when these and drugs under development pass predetermined milestones. HALO data by YCharts Halozyme Therapeutics' impressive revenue growth excited investors, driving up the stock price when it seemed the company was on the express train to profit town midway through last year. Unfortunately, the market wasn't too thrilled earlier this year about rapidly increasing outlays for research and development pushing positive cash flows further into the future. Halozyme Therapeutics posted a net loss of $46.7 million in the first half of the year, but finished June with about $245.5 million in working capital. The excess liquidity is due to some fancy financing that soured investors' moods in January. The company basically took out a high interest loan to be repaid with future royalties on its partnered commercial-stage products. Now what The company's future is looking bright, despite the increased debt load. Enhanze is currently in early stage clinical trials with three approved therapies, Roche's Perjeta, Johnson & Johnson's Darzalex, and AbbVie's Humira. Annual global revenue from the trio of popular drugs is expected to be about $24 billion in 2025. Halozyme Therapeutics is entitled to mid-single digit royalties on sales of combination products that arise from these collaborations.  In addition the the above therapies, it also has a longer lasting version of Enhanze in early stage clinical trials with Merck & Co.'s Keytruda, which is the groundbreaking immune-oncology therapy largely responsible for driving Jimmy Carter's advanced-stage melanoma into remission. With plenty of irons in the fire, Halozyme Therapeutics has a shot at helping as many people as the former president's philanthropic ventures. Given its long cash runway, and a market cap of about $1.56 billion at recent prices, the biotech stock could do wonders for a long-term portfolio as well. Cory Renauer owns shares of Johnson and Johnson. You can follow Cory on Twitter, @TMFang4apples, or connect with him on LinkedIn for more healthcare industry insight. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson and Johnson. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Cory is a long-term minded analyst focused on the Biopharma, and Med-Tech industries. He genuinely enjoys cutting through the complexity to help everyday investors make better decisions. Follow @TMFang4apples Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 10:08AM Health Care Stocks Halozyme Therapeutics NASDAQ:HALO $12.58 up $0.43 (3.54%) Read More Halozyme Therapeutics Inc Rose 14% in October -- Here's Why Here's Why These Biopharma Stocks Soared at Least 10% Today This Week in Biotech: A Trifecta of Disappointment Mars ASCO While Biogen Scores a Big Victory This Week in Biotech: Data Disappointments Come in Threes Can Pfizer’s Cholesterol Drug Catch Up To The Competition? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wall Street gains with energy shares; Apple up on Samsung woes Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Tue Oct 11, 2016 | 3:28am IST Wall Street gains with energy shares; Apple up on Samsung woes By Caroline Valetkevitch U.S. stocks rose on Monday as energy shares gained with oil prices and as Apple jumped due to rival Samsung Electronics' worsening smartphone recall crisis. Aiding the advance, polls showed Democrat Hillary Clinton's lead widening in the U.S. presidential race following further turmoil in Republican Donald Trump's campaign over the weekend and a late Sunday debate between the candidates. Clinton is viewed as more positive for stocks partly because her positions are well known, Wall Street strategists have said. Apple's stock jumped 1.7 percent to $116.05 and hit a high not seen since December after Samsung Electronics Co Ltd suspended production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports of fires in replacement devices. "Samsung's woes being Apple's gains helped with that stock a lot," said Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia. "The (presidential) debate further set in stone the idea that Hillary Clinton is the likely winner and that you get the market you know rather than the market you don't know." Oil prices rose, lifting energy shares, after Russia said it was ready to join OPEC in curbing crude output and Algeria's oil minister said he expected similar commitments from other non-OPEC producers. The Dow Jones industrial average was up 88.55 points, or 0.49 percent, to 18,329.04, the S&P 500 gained 9.92 points, or 0.46 percent, to 2,163.66 and the Nasdaq Composite added 36.27 points, or 0.69 percent, to 5,328.67. The energy index was up 1.5 percent. Exxon and Chevron were among the top influences on the S&P and the Dow, along with Apple. An NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll on Monday showed Clinton increasing the recent lead she has held over Trump. Mylan rose 8.2 percent to $38.87 after the drugmaker late on Friday said it would pay $465 million to settle questions over whether it underpaid U.S. government healthcare programs by misclassifying its EpiPen emergency allergy treatment. Twitter Inc shares ended down 11.5 percent but pared losses late after a Reuters report, citing people familiar with the matter, that Salesforce.com Inc is still deliberating whether it should make an offer for Twitter. This week marks the start of the roughly month-long corporate earnings season, which could help determine investors' moods going into the Nov. 8 vote. Some investors hope that the period will mark an end to the year-long U.S. profit recession. Results from Alcoa are due Tuesday after the close. Trading was light because of the U.S. Columbus Day holiday. The bond market was closed. About 5.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.9 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.56-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.36-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 27 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 133 new highs and 35 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Nick Zieminski) Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as the market closes in New York, U.S., October 3, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Next In Business News Oil prices extend declines on oversupply worries TOKYO Oil prices extended declines into a third session on Monday, dragged down by worries about oversupply as OPEC saw record output last month and as the U.S. rig count rose again. PM May says to be 'unashamedly pro-business' as UK leaves EU LONDON The British government will be "unashamedly pro-business" as it seeks to forge the country's future role outside the European Union, but business must also act responsibly, Prime Minister Theresa May will say on Monday. Japan third quarter GDP growth hits annualized 2.2 percent on exports, beats expectations TOKYO Japan's economic growth beat expectations in the July-September period, helped by stronger exports to expand for a third straight quarter, but weak domestic activity cast doubt on hopes for a sustainable economic recovery. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick India raises cap on bank cash withdrawal to ease public anger Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
