bluebird bio Appoints New Senior Manufacturing and Corporate Development Executives March 20, 2017 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--bluebird bio, Inc. (Nasdaq: BLUE), a clinical-stage company committed to developing potentially transformative gene therapies for severe genetic diseases and T cell-based immunotherapies for cancer, today announced that Derek Adams, Ph.D. is joining the company as its Chief Technology and Manufacturing Officer and Joanne Smith-Farrell, Ph.D., is joining as Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy. “Derek is joining bluebird at a critical time as we ready our organization and capabilities for regulatory filings and commercial launches in the coming years,” said Nick Leschly, chief bluebird. “Derek not only has the broad manufacturing expertise we need, he is also an experienced leader who knows what it means to be mission- and patient-driven. He is a great match for bluebird.” Dr. Adams comes to bluebird from Evelo Biosciences, where he was the Senior Vice President of CMC. At Evelo, Dr. Adams established the initial process development function and supply chain for clinical studies and drove strategy for product development in conjunction with other members of the company’s leadership team. Prior to his time at Evelo, Dr. Adams served as Vice President of Technical and Strategic Product Development at Alexion Pharmaceuticals, where his responsibilities included developing and supporting all manufacturing processes globally. Dr. Adams holds a Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering from the University of Minnesota and a B.S. in Chemical Engineering with High Distinction from Worcester Polytechnic Institute. “Joanne brings a wealth of skills and experiences that will help take our strategy and corporate development efforts to a new level,” said Jeff Walsh, chief financial and strategy officer. “There are huge opportunities to partner on both the capabilities and product fronts to continue to grow our ability to deliver for more and more patients. I look forward to working closely with Joanne as we further drive our growth toward a truly integrated and global gene therapy products company.” Dr. Smith-Farrell joins bluebird bio from Merck, Inc., where she was Vice President, Business Development Transactions. At Merck, Dr. Smith-Farrell led the team that structured, negotiated, and executed Business Development Transactions supporting Merck Research Labs. Prior to Merck, Dr. Smith-Farrell was Vice President of Strategic Transactions at Pfizer, Inc. Dr. Smith-Farrell holds a Ph.D. in Physics from the Catholic University of America, and a B.S. in Physics and Mathematics from Vanderbilt University. She was also a Fellow in Biomedical & Chemical Engineering at The Harvard-MIT Division for Health Science & Technology (Dr. Robert Langer’s Lab) where she received the NIH National Service Award in Research. Forward-Looking Statements This release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding the Company’s product candidates and research programs. Any forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations of future events and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, risks that the preliminary results from our clinical trials will not continue or be repeated in our ongoing clinical trials, the risk of cessation or delay of any of the ongoing or planned clinical studies and/or our development of our product candidates, the risk of a delay in the enrollment of patients in our clinical studies, risks that the current or planned clinical trials of the LentiGlobin drug product will be insufficient to support regulatory submissions or marketing approval in the United States and European Union, the risk that our collaborations, including the collaboration with Celgene, will not continue or will not be successful, and the risk that any one or more of our product candidates will not be successfully developed, approved or commercialized. For a discussion of other risks and uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could cause our actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the section entitled “Risk Factors” in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-K, as well as discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important factors in our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release, and bluebird bio undertakes no duty to update this information unless required by law. Contacts Investors: bluebird bio, Inc. Manisha Pai, 617-245-2107 mpai@bluebirdbio.com or Media: bluebird bio, Inc. Elizabeth Pingpank, 617-914-8736 epingpank@bluebirdbio.com or Pure Communications, Inc. Dan Budwick, 973-271-6085 Contacts Investors: bluebird bio, Inc. Manisha Pai, 617-245-2107 mpai@bluebirdbio.com or Media: bluebird bio, Inc. Elizabeth Pingpank, 617-914-8736 epingpank@bluebirdbio.com or Pure Communications, Inc. Dan Budwick, 973-271-6085 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / New White Paper Explains How Fast-Growing, Middle Market Companies Leverage Integrated Business Planning to Their Advantage New White Paper Explains How Fast-Growing, Middle Market Companies Leverage Integrated Business Planning to Their Advantage Posted on March 20, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Oliver Wight Americas releases a new white paper, “One of a Kind: How Middle Market Companies Leverage Integrated Business Planning” New London, NH (PRWEB) March 20, 2017 Authors, Eric Deutsch and Aditya Sobti, have direct experience working in fast-growing, middle market companies. They now guide Oliver Wight clients to implement Integrated Business Planning in middle market companies. The paper details unique qualities and business needs of middle market companies. They show how these unique qualities are not stumbling blocks and how fast growing companies leverage IBP to: 1) Establish disciplined financial planning and execution, 2) Manage and sustain the right growth, and 3) Attract and retain talent. Download this free white paper. About the Authors Sales and Operations Planning Process Educator ERIC DEUTSCH, principal with Oliver Wight, has extensive hands-on industry experience in manufacturing, distribution, and supply chain management in the global specialty chemical and biotech industry. Prior to joining Oliver Wight, he held several leadership positions with Merck, KGaA (EMD Millipore in North America). He led Merck teams through an Enterprise Resource Planning (SAP) implementation, Sales and Operations Planning implementation, several mergers and acquisitions, and major corporate restructuring projects. Since joining the Oliver Wight team, Deutsch has worked with a broad range of companies and organizations across several industries: apparel, food, consumer packaged goods, chemicals, service, biotech, and defense. He received his degree in Bacteriology from the University of Wisconsin – Madison. Supply Chain Planning Expert Aditya Sobti, a principal with Oliver Wight, has 18 years of experience in the chemical process industry. He comes to Oliver Wight with international experience and a successful track record in streamlining global supply chains, optimizing operations assets, restructuring, and process improvement. Sobti led numerous Supply Chain integration and realignment activities at Merck, which resulted in notable improvements, such as increasing gross margin, reducing inventory, improving cash flow, and increasing on-time, in-full performance. Most recently, as Global Supply Chain Director for R. T. Vanderbilt (Vanderbilt Chemicals & Vanderbilt Minerals), Sobti led the implementation of a best-in-class Integrated Business Planning (IBP) process that resulted in improvements in forecast accuracy and service level, as well as reduction in working capital. Sobti received his PhD in Organic Chemistry and participated in the Merck Internal Management Program. About the S&OP Experts, Oliver Wight Americas Oliver Wight has a 40-year track record of delivering business improvement to some of the world’s best-known organizations. We believe that sustainable improvement can only be made through your own people. Unlike other consultancy firms, we transfer our knowledge to you, which means you can achieve performance levels and financial results that last. Our principals are seasoned professionals who have real-world manufacturing experience. They are thought leaders in the fields of supply chain management, integrated business planning, demand management, and product management. The largest worldwide consultancy of its type, Oliver Wight has offices throughout Europe, North and South America, and the Asia/Pacific Region. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/03/prweb14161517.htm Latest News CBT Nuggets Announces Microsoft Windows 10 70-697 Course Nova Cold Logistics Goes to the Cloud with HighJump’s 3PL WMS Solution Parker University Meets the Needs of Our Health Care Community by Offering DFW’s only CAHIIM Accredited Bachelor of Science Degree in Health Information Management New White Paper Explains How Fast-Growing, Middle Market Companies Leverage Integrated Business Planning to Their Advantage Greenberg Traurig Celebrates 50th Anniversary in Miami with Judiciary, Business, Government Leaders at Perez Art Museum Miami Mother of Twin Heroin Addicts Pens Stunning Memoir of Terrifying Journey M&W Transportation Announces the Opening of New Truck Service & Repair Center Redefy Continues Florida Expansion to South Florida and Appoints New Executive Regional Leader NY-Based DISC Graphics Achieves PANTONE Certified Printer Status Ontario Systems Announces New Platinum Partnership Status with Payscout, Inc. © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Dynavax Technologies March 20, 2017 06:00 ET Dynavax Announces Upcoming Data Presentations for Three TLR9 Agonist Programs at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting BERKELEY, CA--(Marketwired - March 20, 2017) - Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced today that it will be presenting data on three programs based on stimulation of the immune response using Toll-Like Receptor 9 (TLR9) agonists at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting in Washington, D.C. from April 1-5, 2017. Dynavax is presenting data which summarizes the clinical responses and biomarker assessments from an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating SD-101, Dynavax's intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 therapy developed by Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada). The results provide insight into the immune mechanisms underpinning the activity of SD-101 and its effect on the tumor microenvironment. Dynavax is also presenting preclinical data demonstrating significant anti-tumor activity of an inhaled TLR9 agonist in mice bearing lung tumors. This treatment highlights the synergy of the TLR9 agonist with anti-PD-1 leading to further reduction of both lung tumor burden and metastases in other organs along with long-term survival of treated mice. These studies provide the rationale for the development of DV281, a TLR9 agonist optimized for aerosol delivery. DV281, in combination with anti-PD-1 therapy, will enter clinical studies in non-small cell lung carcinoma patients later this year. A third presentation shows that intratumoral vaccination with nanoparticles incorporating tumor antigen peptides and a TLR9 agonist provides anti-tumor immunity superior to conventional subcutaneous vaccination. Direct intratumoral vaccination using this novel vaccine platform and mode of administration significantly increases both the magnitude and functional activity of vaccine-primed cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) and enhances control of metastatic disease. The details of the poster presentations are as follows: Pharmacodynamic changes confirm the mechanism of action mediating SD-101 efficacy, in combination with pembrolizumab, in a phase 1b/2 study in metastatic melanoma (MEL-01)       Abstract:   LB-239 Category:   Late-Breaking Research: Clinical Research 2 / Endocrinology Date/Time:   Tuesday, Apr 4, 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. ET Location:   Poster section 34; Board number 5       Development of an inhaled TLR9 agonist for the immunotherapy of lung cancer       Abstract:   5741 Category:   Clinical Research Date/Time:   Tuesday, Apr 4, 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. ET Location:   Poster section 30; Board number 12       Intratumoral administration of a TLR9-adjuvanted nanoparticle cancer vaccine stimulates more effective immunity in both injected and un-injected tumor sites compared to subcutaneous administration       Abstract:   6000 Category:   Immunology Date/Time:   Wednesday, Apr 5, 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. Location:   Poster section 24; Board number 28       About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax's proprietary, second-generation, TLR9 agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 is being studied for its multiple anti-tumor activities in innate immune cells and activation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on leveraging the power of the body's innate and adaptive immune responses through toll-like receptor stimulation. Dynavax is developing product candidates for use in multiple cancer indications, as a vaccine for the prevention of hepatitis B and as a disease modifying therapy for asthma. Dynavax's lead product candidates are SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in Phase 1/2 studies, and HEPLISAV-B, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking" statements, including expectations for the conduct and timing of clinical trials of SD-101, and other investigational compounds. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies; initiation, enrollment and completion of clinical trials of SD-101; the results of clinical trials and the impact of those results on the initiation or continuation of subsequent trials and issues arising in the regulatory process; the ability to successfully develop and commercialize SD-101; and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the "Risk Factors" section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax's website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Contact Information Contact: Ryan Spencer VP, Corporate Strategy & Communications 510.665.4618 rspencer@dynavax.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Dynavax Technologies From this industry Pharmaceuticals and Biotech From this sub-industry Biotech Drugs Trials See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Latest News Dow 20,642 -19.26 -0.09% Nasdaq 5,813 -8.73 -0.15% S&P 500 2,345 -2.96 -0.13% 9:35 A.M. ET Live blog and video of SEC chairman nominee Clayton confirmation hearing 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as as investors focus on health-care vote 9:30 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% 9:30 A.M. ET Dow retreats 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET S&P 500 off 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as vote on Republican health-care bill looms 9:30 A.M. ET Luxury Buildings Push Elevators to New Heights 9:23 A.M. ET Trump on his performance: ‘I’m president and you’re not’ 9:16 A.M. ET Updated Trump rally could smash on the rocks of health-care vote 9:15 A.M. ET Updated These key technical levels may signal if the stock market is set to rise or fall 9:15 A.M. ET Ford's stock drops 2.5% premarket after downbeat Q1 earnings outlook 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Ford sees Q1 EPS 30 cents-35 cents; FactSet consensus 47 cents 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Why the bull run will stay in great shape even as the health bill troubles traders 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Parents: Here’s a primer for college savings 9:12 A.M. ET Details Emerge About London Attacker as Police Arrest Eight 9:12 A.M. ET Updated When Americans emotionally spend, they buy toilet paper and Clorox 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Look out, taxes from an IRA can sneak up on you 9:12 A.M. ET Updated Eight arrested in six raids as police probe London terror attack 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Get a grip on your debt and 4 other ways to boost your retirement confidence 9:09 A.M. ET Updated This is how the Republican health-care bill will affect the elderly Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin U.S. stocks open lower Thursday as health-care vote looms Home Press Release Dynavax Announces Upcoming Data Presentations for Three TLR9 Agonist Programs at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting By Published: Mar 20, 2017 6:00 a.m. ET Share Mar 20, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- BERKELEY, CA--(Marketwired - March 20, 2017) - Dynavax Technologies Corporation DVAX, -0.86% announced today that it will be presenting data on three programs based on stimulation of the immune response using Toll-Like Receptor 9 (TLR9) agonists at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting in Washington, D.C. from April 1-5, 2017. Dynavax is presenting data which summarizes the clinical responses and biomarker assessments from an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating SD-101, Dynavax's intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 therapy developed by Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada). The results provide insight into the immune mechanisms underpinning the activity of SD-101 and its effect on the tumor microenvironment. Dynavax is also presenting preclinical data demonstrating significant anti-tumor activity of an inhaled TLR9 agonist in mice bearing lung tumors. This treatment highlights the synergy of the TLR9 agonist with anti-PD-1 leading to further reduction of both lung tumor burden and metastases in other organs along with long-term survival of treated mice. These studies provide the rationale for the development of DV281, a TLR9 agonist optimized for aerosol delivery. DV281, in combination with anti-PD-1 therapy, will enter clinical studies in non-small cell lung carcinoma patients later this year. A third presentation shows that intratumoral vaccination with nanoparticles incorporating tumor antigen peptides and a TLR9 agonist provides anti-tumor immunity superior to conventional subcutaneous vaccination. Direct intratumoral vaccination using this novel vaccine platform and mode of administration significantly increases both the magnitude and functional activity of vaccine-primed cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) and enhances control of metastatic disease. The details of the poster presentations are as follows: Pharmacodynamic changes confirm the mechanism of action mediating SD-101 efficacy, in combination with pembrolizumab, in a phase 1b/2 study in metastatic melanoma (MEL-01)        
Abstract:    LB-239
Category:    Late-Breaking Research: Clinical Research 2 / Endocrinology
Date/Time:   Tuesday, Apr 4, 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. ET
Location:    Poster section 34; Board number 5
       

 Development of an inhaled TLR9 agonist for the immunotherapy of lung cancer        
Abstract:    5741
Category:    Clinical Research
Date/Time:   Tuesday, Apr 4, 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. ET
Location:    Poster section 30; Board number 12
       

 Intratumoral administration of a TLR9-adjuvanted nanoparticle cancer vaccine stimulates more effective immunity in both injected and un-injected tumor sites compared to subcutaneous administration        
Abstract:    6000
Category:    Immunology
Date/Time:   Wednesday, Apr 5, 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.
Location:    Poster section 24; Board number 28
       

 About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax's proprietary, second-generation, TLR9 agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 is being studied for its multiple anti-tumor activities in innate immune cells and activation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on leveraging the power of the body's innate and adaptive immune responses through toll-like receptor stimulation. Dynavax is developing product candidates for use in multiple cancer indications, as a vaccine for the prevention of hepatitis B and as a disease modifying therapy for asthma. Dynavax's lead product candidates are SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in Phase 1/2 studies, and HEPLISAV-B, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking" statements, including expectations for the conduct and timing of clinical trials of SD-101, and other investigational compounds. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies; initiation, enrollment and completion of clinical trials of SD-101; the results of clinical trials and the impact of those results on the initiation or continuation of subsequent trials and issues arising in the regulatory process; the ability to successfully develop and commercialize SD-101; and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the "Risk Factors" section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax's website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Contact: Ryan Spencer VP, Corporate Strategy & Communications 510.665.4618 rspencer@dynavax.com © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Quote References DVAX -0.05 -0.86% Most Popular The four most depressing reasons why Americans are not saving any money Two important things to remember as the stock market starts to stumble Dennis Gartman sees at least a 5% drop for stocks — and shades of Watergate Oil prices lifted by drop in U.S. gasoline stocks Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills Home Goes for Landmark Vote Next Month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Real Estate Top 10 cities where downtown is making a comeback View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dynavax Technologies Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: DVAX $5.75 -0.05 (-0.86%) Volume 13093 Open $5.85 High $5.90 Low $5.75 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 257.2M
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Dynavax Technologies March 20, 2017 06:00 ET Dynavax Announces Upcoming Data Presentations for Three TLR9 Agonist Programs at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting BERKELEY, CA--(Marketwired - March 20, 2017) - Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced today that it will be presenting data on three programs based on stimulation of the immune response using Toll-Like Receptor 9 (TLR9) agonists at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting in Washington, D.C. from April 1-5, 2017. Dynavax is presenting data which summarizes the clinical responses and biomarker assessments from an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating SD-101, Dynavax's intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 therapy developed by Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada). The results provide insight into the immune mechanisms underpinning the activity of SD-101 and its effect on the tumor microenvironment. Dynavax is also presenting preclinical data demonstrating significant anti-tumor activity of an inhaled TLR9 agonist in mice bearing lung tumors. This treatment highlights the synergy of the TLR9 agonist with anti-PD-1 leading to further reduction of both lung tumor burden and metastases in other organs along with long-term survival of treated mice. These studies provide the rationale for the development of DV281, a TLR9 agonist optimized for aerosol delivery. DV281, in combination with anti-PD-1 therapy, will enter clinical studies in non-small cell lung carcinoma patients later this year. A third presentation shows that intratumoral vaccination with nanoparticles incorporating tumor antigen peptides and a TLR9 agonist provides anti-tumor immunity superior to conventional subcutaneous vaccination. Direct intratumoral vaccination using this novel vaccine platform and mode of administration significantly increases both the magnitude and functional activity of vaccine-primed cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) and enhances control of metastatic disease. The details of the poster presentations are as follows: Pharmacodynamic changes confirm the mechanism of action mediating SD-101 efficacy, in combination with pembrolizumab, in a phase 1b/2 study in metastatic melanoma (MEL-01)       Abstract:   LB-239 Category:   Late-Breaking Research: Clinical Research 2 / Endocrinology Date/Time:   Tuesday, Apr 4, 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. ET Location:   Poster section 34; Board number 5       Development of an inhaled TLR9 agonist for the immunotherapy of lung cancer       Abstract:   5741 Category:   Clinical Research Date/Time:   Tuesday, Apr 4, 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. ET Location:   Poster section 30; Board number 12       Intratumoral administration of a TLR9-adjuvanted nanoparticle cancer vaccine stimulates more effective immunity in both injected and un-injected tumor sites compared to subcutaneous administration       Abstract:   6000 Category:   Immunology Date/Time:   Wednesday, Apr 5, 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. Location:   Poster section 24; Board number 28       About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax's proprietary, second-generation, TLR9 agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 is being studied for its multiple anti-tumor activities in innate immune cells and activation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on leveraging the power of the body's innate and adaptive immune responses through toll-like receptor stimulation. Dynavax is developing product candidates for use in multiple cancer indications, as a vaccine for the prevention of hepatitis B and as a disease modifying therapy for asthma. Dynavax's lead product candidates are SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in Phase 1/2 studies, and HEPLISAV-B, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking" statements, including expectations for the conduct and timing of clinical trials of SD-101, and other investigational compounds. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies; initiation, enrollment and completion of clinical trials of SD-101; the results of clinical trials and the impact of those results on the initiation or continuation of subsequent trials and issues arising in the regulatory process; the ability to successfully develop and commercialize SD-101; and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the "Risk Factors" section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax's website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Contact Information Contact: Ryan Spencer VP, Corporate Strategy & Communications 510.665.4618 rspencer@dynavax.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Dynavax Technologies From this industry Pharmaceuticals and Biotech From this sub-industry Biotech Drugs Trials See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Immuno-Oncology Summit Europe 2017 20 March 2017   Scancell Holdings Plc („Scancell” or the „Company”)   Scancell to present at the Immuno-Oncology Summit Europe 2017   Professor Lindy Durrant, Scancell’s CSO, to chair and present in a session entitled: „Combining Checkpoint Inhibitors with Other Modalities”   Scancell Holdings plc, (‚Scancell’ or the ‚Company’) the developer of novel immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer, announces that it will be participating in the upcoming Inaugural Combination Immunotherapy meeting, part of the Second Annual Immuno-Oncology Summit Europe 2017, 20-24 March 2017 at the Hilton Canary Wharf, London, UK, alongside other industry leaders from Merck, Sharp and Dohme, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Cancer Research UK.   Prof. Lindy Durrant, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer of Scancell and Professor of Cancer Immunotherapy, University of Nottingham, will chair the session entitled: „Combining Checkpoint Inhibitors with Other Modalities” on Thursday 23 March 2017. Prof. Durrant is also featured as a presenter in this session and will deliver a presentation entitled: „Combinations of Novel Vaccines with Checkpoint Inhibitors”, scheduled to take place at 14.20 GMT.   During the presentation, Prof. Durrant will discuss progress made with Scancell’s two cancer immunotherapy platforms, ImmunoBody® and Moditope®.   ImmunoBody® utilises both cross- and direct-presentation to increase T-cell avidity by 100 fold.  In Phase 1/2 trials, it induced T-cell responses, tumour regression and long term survival. In combination with checkpoint inhibitors, it induced 100% tumour regression in established models. Phase 2 trials of ImmunoBody® vaccines in combination with checkpoint inhibitors in melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer are being planned.   Moditope® stimulates powerful anti-tumour T-cell responses against neo-epitopes produced by enzymes induced by cellular stress. First-in-man clinical studies for breast cancer, ovarian cancer and osteosarcoma are anticipated to commence in 2018.   For Further Information:   Dr John Chiplin, Executive Chairman Dr Richard Goodfellow, CEO Scancell Holdings Plc   +1 858 900 2646 +44 (0) 20 3727 1000 Freddy Crossley (Corporate Finance) Tom Salvesen (Corporate Broking) Panmure Gordon & Co +44 (0) 20 7886 2500 +44 (0) 20 7886 2500 Mo Noonan/Simon Conway FTI Consulting +44 (0) 20 3727 1000   About Scancell   Scancell is developing novel immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer based on its ImmunoBody® and Moditope® technology platforms.   Scancell’s first ImmunoBody®, SCIB1 is being developed for the treatment of melanoma.  Data from the Phase 1/2 clinical trial demonstrate that SCIB1, when used as monotherapy, has a marked effect on tumour load, produces a melanoma-specific immune response and highly encouraging survival trend without serious side effects.  In patients with resected disease there is increasing evidence to suggest that SCIB1 may delay or prevent disease recurrence.   Scancell’s ImmunoBody® vaccines target dendritic cells and stimulate both parts of the cellular immune system: the helper cell system where inflammation is stimulated at the tumour site and the cytotoxic T-lymphocyte or CTL response where immune system cells are primed to recognise and kill specific cells.   Pre-clinical data on a combination of SCIB1 or SCIB2 and checkpoint inhibition (blockade of the PD-1 or CTLA-4 immune checkpoint pathways) have shown enhanced tumour destruction and significantly longer survival times than when either treatment was used alone.  Experimental data suggests that the high avidity T cells induced by ImmunoBody® vaccines increase expression of PDL-1 on the tumour cell surface, thereby making the tumours more sensitive to checkpoint inhibitor drugs.  Re-challenging animals with tumour cells after SCIB1 treatment resulted in 100% survival suggesting that ImmunoBody® induces a powerful memory response.  Such an effect has not been observed with checkpoint inhibitors.   Scancell has also identified and patented a series of modified epitopes that stimulate the production of killer CD4+ T cells that destroy tumours without toxicity.  The Directors believe that the Moditope® platform could play a major role in the development of safe and effective cancer immunotherapies in the future.     About Immuno-Oncology Summit Europe 2017   Following the success of our inaugural Cancer Biotherapeutics conference in London, we are pleased to announce the Immuno-Oncology Summit Europe 2017, to be held 20-24 March in the heart of London’s Canary Wharf Business District.   With an expanded three-track program, attendees can now experience a full week of cutting-edge science and discussion. The first track on Novel Approaches for Cancer focuses on advances in T-cell technology including next-generation CAR Ts, TCRs, and TILs. In addition it covers bispecifics: for T and NK cell engagement; in the clinic; and modelling for optimal affinity. The track also presents genetic engineering technologies for T cells, preclinical models, and production strategies, and focuses on specificity, off-target tox, and safety. The second track on Immunomodulatory Approaches will present advances with checkpoint inhibitors, agonistic receptor engagement, NK and macrophage activation, Fc-engineering technologies, and cytokine-based therapies, and address the challenge of tumours unresponsive to checkpoint blockade. It includes a keynote session on current understanding of the role of the immune system in cancer. Combination Immunotherapy will review the strategies and clinical trials for designing rational combination immunotherapies, provide case studies of immune modulator combinations, as well as combinations of checkpoint inhibitors with other modalities, and discuss biomarker- and mechanism-based selection of IO combinations. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Business, Companies, company, Industry, kill, major, officer, Science, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New OLEV Funding Next PostNext BIO-Europe Spring: Verseon presents anticoagulants Search Recent Posts PokerVision TV to pilot “Streamboat” Cell Command, Inc.’s Cell Warden® is the Only 100% Solution for the FCC to Eliminate Contraband Cell Phones 1st Choice Leisure Buildings Win the Feefo Gold Trusted Service Award TTi Global Boards the 17th Annual United States Coast Guard „Ice Breaker Cruise” Executive Search Firm Valent Mordan Names CEO Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Toggle navigation Email Sign-Up Contact Us About Us Republish Our Content Follow Us: @KHNews Facebook LinkedIn RSS Feeds Toggle navigation Home Health Law Medicare Medicaid Cost & Quality Health Industry Pharma Insurance Aging Mental Health Uninsured Prescription Drug Costs Are On The Rise; So Are The TV Ads Promoting Them By Bruce Horovitz and Julie Appleby March 20, 2017 A screenshot from an ad by Pfizer, the maker of Lyrica. (iSpot.tv) Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Email Print Republish Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Email Print Republish Laura Ries was moved to action when she saw a TV commercial that portrayed a woman enjoying time with her grandchildren after taking Lyrica, a prescription medication for diabetic nerve pain. Ries’ elderly mother suffered from just that problem. “The ad showed someone who was enjoying life again,” said Ries, president of a marketing strategy firm in Atlanta, who then researched the drug and spoke with her mother’s doctor. “This … was very relatable to what my mom was experiencing.” Her reaction was precisely the aim of direct-to-consumer (DTC) advertising: getting patients or their family members to remember a drug’s name and ask by name for a prescription. Spending on such commercials grew 62 percent since 2012, even as ad spending for most other product types was flat. This KHN story also ran in USA Today. It can be republished for free (details). “Pharmaceutical advertising has grown more in the past four years than any other leading ad category,” said Jon Swallen, chief research officer at Kantar Media, a consulting firm that tracks multimedia advertising. It exceeded $6 billion last year, with television picking up the lion’s share, according to Kantar data. Shows such as the major network’s evening news programs, the CBS comedy “Mike & Molly” and ABC’s daytime drama “General Hospital” are heavy with drug ads, Kantar data show. But the proliferation of drug advertisements has generated new controversy, in part because the ads inevitably promote high-priced drugs, some of which doctors say have limited practical utility for the average patient-viewer. The cost of Lyrica, the drug Ries was asked about for her mom, is about $400 for 60 capsules, for example. Critics say the ads encourage patients to ask their doctors for expensive, often marginal — and sometimes inappropriate — drugs that are fueling spiraling health care spending. The American Medical Association took a hard-line position on these ads in 2015 by calling for a ban, saying “direct-to-consumer advertising also inflates demand for new and more expensive drugs, even when these drugs may not be appropriate.” Such a prohibition is unlikely. Previous efforts to push such an outcome have stalled, generally on free-speech arguments by the powerful drug lobby and assertions that such ads provide valuable information to patients about treatment options. Spending Zooms One thing is certain: DTC advertising is big. And, as nearly everyone who watches TV knows, it’s getting bigger. Some programs — the nightly news and sitcoms aimed at older Americans — get most of their advertising from drugmakers. A Kantar analysis shows 72 percent of commercial breaks on the “CBS Evening News” have at least one pharmaceutical advertisement. Commonly, the ads target a range of conditions that generally affect this demographic, such as dry eyes, erectile dysfunction, pain and constipation. Sixty-two percent of commercial breaks during “General Hospital” include a drug ad. “A lot of these ads target the caregivers and the children of older folks,” said consultant Tom Lom, a former managing partner of Saatchi & Saatchi Consumer Healthcare, which has created ads for pharmaceutical giants from Pfizer to Merck. Drugmakers were on track to spend an estimated $6.4 billion on DTC advertising in the U.S. last year, up 5 percent from 2015, according to Kantar. In 2012, spending for pharmaceutical TV ads was the 12th-largest category. By last year, drug ads were sixth. While substantial, the spending was less than the amount spent by automakers, retail and restaurants. Networks — ABC, CBS, NBC — along with cable channels like CNN — draw a lot of the pharmaceutical advertising. According to Swallen, the effect of the ban on networks would be a daunting, 8 percent loss of total ad revenue, and its impact would be most evident for programming popular with viewers older than 60 ­— for instance, evening news shows. Similarly, cable networks such as the Hallmark Channel, which draw viewers from this demographic, would feel the pinch because they “have more skin in the game,” he said. Why Some Drugs Are Advertised For years, the DTC industry was mostly focused on drugs that relieved chronic, typically non-fatal afflictions like heartburn (Nexium), allergies (Claritin) and high cholesterol (Lipitor). More recently, Lom said, advertising has focused on cancer and illnesses affecting seniors, such as Alzheimer’s disease. Ads for drugs that target constipation caused by other drugs — opioids — hit the scene last year, reflecting the large numbers of people taking painkillers. For years, the DTC industry was mostly focused on drugs that relieved non-fatal afflictions like allergies. Advertising has more recently focused on cancer and illnesses affecting seniors. (Screenshot) In 2016, the top three ads based on total spending were Lyrica, with $313 million in spending; rheumatoid arthritis drug Humira at $303 million; and Eliquis, a treatment for a type of heart arrhythmia, at $186 million, according to Kantar. Reasons why some drugs are advertised more than others vary, with drugmakers evaluating which products are most likely to bring them the most revenue. Drugmakers don’t care “whether it’s a rare, expensive drug or a popular cheap drug,” said Amanda Starc, associate professor of strategy at Northwestern’s Kellogg School of Management. “They’re looking at the marginal return on advertising. A small number of customers spending a lot or a big number spending a little.” How Advertising Plays To Consumers The United States is one of two countries — the other is New Zealand — that allows DTC advertising, a long-standing practice that became more common in the mid-1980s after the FDA issued new rules. Most advertising was in print. But more television advertising began appearing when some of the rules were relaxed a decade later. Lom said the ads give consumers a “head start” on knowing about drugs that might be available for their ailments, speeding up the consumer education process. But, surprisingly, 62 percent of physicians, for instance, said they would or might prescribe an innocuous, even placebo treatment to a patient who didn’t need it but demanded it, according to a 2016 poll conducted by Medscape, an online physician education website. Current rules require that if a drug is named in an ad, information must be included about side effects and adverse reactions. That makes it even more important that drug advertising be visually captivating — if not surprising, say consultants. The ad for Spiriva, a drug for people with lung diseases that can make it hard to breathe, shows an elephant sitting on actress Jeanette O’Connor’s chest. During the 2016 Super Bowl, viewers saw a man emerging from a restroom with a pleased look on his face in an advertisement about opioid-induced constipation. Cialis, which treats erectile dysfunction, uses images of couples in side-by-side bathtubs, which sticks in consumers’ minds. Meanwhile, the side effects are glossed over. “They describe the risks at the same time they play pleasant music — or show pleasant pictures — which helps to distract people from getting the message,” says Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, associate professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School. And while President Donald Trump said he wants to reduce the high costs of prescription medicines, he is also likely to encourage fewer government restrictions on the development and marketing of drugs. But whether the advertising empowers patients or leaves them vulnerable is debatable. Those that do advertise, however, appear to have a leg up. Ries, the brand consultant, says it wasn’t just the ad that helped her to remember Lyrica, but the name, too, which was easy to spell and pronounce. Reis said her mother did take the Lyrica “and it’s helped.” That’s a good thing, says the brand guru who takes pride in looking out for her mom. “The ad spurred the conversation.” KHN’s coverage of prescription drug development, costs and pricing is supported in part by the Laura and John Arnold Foundation. Categories: Cost and Quality, Health Industry, Pharmaceuticals Tags: Pharmaceuticals, Price Transparency, Treating Cancer brucehorovitz@gmail.com jappleby@kff.org | @Julie_Appleby Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Email Print Republish We want to hear from you: Contact KHN Previous From Pharmaceuticals Cholesterol Drug Prevents Heart Attacks — But It Doesn’t Come Cheap Next From Pharmaceuticals GAO To Launch Investigation Of FDA’s Orphan Drug Program Top Stories By Decade’s End, California Estimates It Would Lose $24 Billion Annually Under GOP Health Plan 5:00 AM EDT Video Help Is On Way For Family Caregivers Who Must Draw Blood Or Give Injections 5:00 AM EDT In Deep-Blue State, Millions in Reddish Heartland Are Counting On Medicaid 5:00 AM EDT RSS KHN Morning Briefing GOP Doesn't Have The Votes Locked Up Yet To Guarantee Health Plan Will Pass Mar 22 Trump To GOP Rabble-Rousers: Voting 'No' On Plan Will Cost You Your Seat In 2018 Mar 22 From Architect To Captain: Ryan Faces Extreme Test That Could Define Speakership Mar 22 View More Email Sign-Up Sign Up Please confirm your email address below: Sign Up Most Viewed Most Shared Most Popular By Law, Hospitals Now Must Tell Medicare Patients When Care Is ‘Observation’ Only A Health Reporter Walks Into Reagan National Airport … Everything You Need To Know About Block Grants — The Heart Of GOP’s Medicaid Plans Sticker Shock Forces Thousands Of Cancer Patients To Skip Drugs, Skimp On Treatment Do You Speak Repeal And Replace? Click Thought Bubbles For Translations Most Shared Prescription Drug Costs Are On The Rise; So Are The TV Ads Promoting Them Obamacare Pushed Nonprofit Hospitals To Do Good Beyond Their Walls. Now What? Sticker Shock Forces Thousands Of Cancer Patients To Skip Drugs, Skimp On Treatment Do You Speak Repeal And Replace? Click Thought Bubbles For Translations Report: Fired U.S. Attorney Was Probing Tom Price’s Stock Trades More From KHN In Deep-Blue State, Millions in Reddish Heartland Are Counting On Medicaid Video Help Is On Way For Family Caregivers Who Must Draw Blood Or Give Injections GOP Health Plan Aims To Curb Medicaid, Expand State Options By Decade's End, California Estimates It Would Lose $24 Billion Annually Under GOP Health Plan × Republish This Story Prescription Drug Costs Are On The Rise; So Are The TV Ads Promoting Them By Bruce Horovitz and Julie Appleby March 20, 2017 We encourage organizations to republish our content, free of charge. We don’t require much. For those who need to know the legal underpinnings of using our content, we make it available under the Creative Commons CC BY 4.0 license. Here’s what we ask: You must credit us as the original publisher, with a hyperlink to our site: Kaiser Health News. If possible, please include the original author(s) and “Kaiser Health News” in the byline. If you’d like to explain more about who we are, please use: “a national health policy news service that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation.” You may use our logo when linking to or posting materials on your site: Download high-resolution .PNG file Please preserve the hyperlinks in the story. It’s important to note, not everything on khn.org is our original content or available for republishing. If a story is labeled “All Rights Reserved,” KHN cannot grant permission to republish that item. Have questions? Let us know at KHNHelp@kff.org 
				<h1>Prescription Drug Costs Are On The Rise; So Are The TV Ads Promoting Them</h1>			<span class="byline">By <a href="http://khn.org/news/author/bruce-horovitz/"><strong>Bruce Horovitz</strong></a> and <a href="http://khn.org/news/author/julie-appleby/"><strong>Julie Appleby</strong></a></span>
	<p>Laura Ries was moved to action when she saw a TV commercial that portrayed a woman enjoying time with her grandchildren after taking Lyrica, a prescription medication for diabetic nerve pain. Ries’ elderly mother suffered from just that problem.</p>
<p>“The ad showed someone who was enjoying life again,” said Ries, president of a marketing strategy firm in Atlanta, who then researched the drug and spoke with her mother’s doctor. “This … was very relatable to what my mom was experiencing.”</p>
<p>Her reaction was precisely the aim of direct-to-consumer (DTC) advertising: getting patients or their family members to remember a drug’s name and ask by name for a prescription.</p>
<p>Spending on such commercials grew 62 percent since 2012, even as ad spending for most other product types was flat.</p>

<p>“Pharmaceutical advertising has grown more in the past four years than any other leading ad category,” said Jon Swallen, chief research officer at Kantar Media, a consulting firm that tracks multimedia advertising. It exceeded $6 billion last year, with television picking up the lion’s share, according to Kantar data. Shows such as the major network’s evening news programs, the CBS comedy “Mike & Molly” and ABC’s daytime drama “General Hospital” are heavy with drug ads, Kantar data show.</p>
<p>But the proliferation of drug advertisements has generated new controversy, in part because the ads inevitably promote high-priced drugs, some of which doctors say have limited practical utility for the average patient-viewer. The cost of Lyrica, the drug Ries was asked about for her mom, is about $400 for 60 capsules, for example. Critics say the ads encourage patients to ask their doctors for expensive, often marginal — and sometimes inappropriate — drugs that are fueling spiraling health care spending.</p>
<p>The American Medical Association took a hard-line position on these ads in 2015 by calling for a <a href="https://www.ama-assn.org/content/ama-calls-ban-direct-consumer-advertising-prescription-drugs-and-medical-devices">ban</a>, saying “direct-to-consumer advertising also inflates demand for new and more expensive drugs, even when these drugs may not be appropriate.”</p>
<p>Such a prohibition is unlikely. Previous efforts to push such an outcome have stalled, generally on free-speech arguments by the powerful drug lobby and assertions that such ads provide valuable information to patients about treatment options.</p>
<p>Spending Zooms</p>
<p>One thing is certain: DTC advertising is big. And, as nearly everyone who watches TV knows, it’s getting bigger.</p>
<p>Some programs — the nightly news and sitcoms aimed at older Americans — get most of their advertising from drugmakers. A Kantar analysis shows 72 percent of commercial breaks on the “CBS Evening News” have at least one pharmaceutical advertisement. Commonly, the ads target a range of conditions that generally affect this demographic, such as dry eyes, erectile dysfunction, pain and constipation. Sixty-two percent of commercial breaks during “General Hospital” include a drug ad.</p>
<p>“A lot of these ads target the caregivers and the children of older folks,” said consultant Tom Lom, a former managing partner of Saatchi & Saatchi Consumer Healthcare, which has created ads for pharmaceutical giants from Pfizer to Merck.</p>
<p>Drugmakers were on track to spend an estimated $6.4 billion on DTC advertising in the U.S. last year, up 5 percent from 2015, according to Kantar. In 2012, spending for pharmaceutical TV ads was the 12th-largest category. By last year, drug ads were sixth. While substantial, the spending was less than the amount spent by automakers, retail and restaurants. Networks — ABC, CBS, NBC — along with cable channels like CNN — draw a lot of the pharmaceutical advertising. According to Swallen, the effect of the ban on networks would be a daunting, 8 percent loss of total ad revenue, and its impact would be most evident for programming popular with viewers older than 60 ­— for instance, evening news shows. Similarly, cable networks such as the Hallmark Channel, which draw viewers from this demographic, would feel the pinch because they “have more skin in the game,” he said.</p>
<p>Why Some Drugs Are Advertised</p>
<p>For years, the DTC industry was mostly focused on drugs that relieved chronic, typically non-fatal afflictions like heartburn (Nexium), allergies (Claritin) and high cholesterol (Lipitor).</p>
<p>More recently, Lom said, advertising has focused on cancer and illnesses affecting seniors, such as Alzheimer’s disease. Ads for drugs that target constipation caused by other drugs — opioids — hit the scene last year, reflecting the large numbers of people taking painkillers.</p>
 For years, the DTC industry was mostly focused on drugs that relieved non-fatal afflictions like allergies. Advertising has more recently focused on cancer and illnesses affecting seniors. (Screenshot)
<p>In 2016, the top three ads based on total spending were Lyrica, with $313 million in spending; rheumatoid arthritis drug Humira at $303 million; and Eliquis, a treatment for a type of heart arrhythmia, at $186 million, according to Kantar.</p>
<p>Reasons why some drugs are advertised more than others vary, with drugmakers evaluating which products are most likely to bring them the most revenue.</p>
<p>Drugmakers don’t care “whether it’s a rare, expensive drug or a popular cheap drug,” said Amanda Starc, associate professor of strategy at Northwestern’s Kellogg School of Management. “They’re looking at the marginal return on advertising. A small number of customers spending a lot or a big number spending a little.”</p>
<p>How Advertising Plays To Consumers</p>
<p>The United States is one of two countries — the other is New Zealand — that allows <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3278148/">DTC advertising</a>, a long-standing practice that became more common in the mid-1980s after the FDA issued new rules. Most advertising was in print. But more television advertising began appearing when some of the rules were relaxed a decade later.</p>
<p>Lom said the ads give consumers a “head start” on knowing about drugs that might be available for their ailments, speeding up the consumer education process.</p>
<p>But, surprisingly, 62 percent of physicians, for instance, said they would or might prescribe an innocuous, even placebo treatment to a patient who didn’t need it but demanded it, according to a 2016 poll conducted by <a href="http://www.medscape.com/features/slideshow/ethics2016-part1#page=16.">Medscape</a>, an online physician education website.</p>
<p>Current rules require that if a drug is named in an ad, information must be included about side effects and adverse reactions. That makes it even more important that drug advertising be visually captivating — if not surprising, say consultants.</p>
<p>The ad for Spiriva, a drug for people with lung diseases that can make it hard to breathe, shows an elephant sitting on actress Jeanette O’Connor’s chest. During the 2016 Super Bowl, viewers saw a man emerging from a restroom with a pleased look on his face in an advertisement about opioid-induced constipation. Cialis, which treats erectile dysfunction, uses images of couples in side-by-side bathtubs, which sticks in consumers’ minds.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, the side effects are glossed over. “They describe the risks at the same time they play pleasant music — or show pleasant pictures — which helps to distract people from getting the message,” says Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, associate professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School.</p>
<p>And while President Donald Trump said he wants to reduce the high costs of prescription medicines, he is also likely to encourage fewer government restrictions on the development and marketing of drugs.</p>
<p>But whether the advertising empowers patients or leaves them vulnerable is debatable.</p>
<p>Those that do advertise, however, appear to have a leg up. Ries, the brand consultant, says it wasn’t just the ad that helped her to remember Lyrica, but the name, too, which was easy to spell and pronounce.</p>
<p>Reis said her mother did take the Lyrica “and it’s helped.” That’s a good thing, says the brand guru who takes pride in looking out for her mom. “The ad spurred the conversation.”</p>
<p>KHN’s coverage of prescription drug development, costs and pricing is supported in part by the <a href="http://www.arnoldfoundation.org/">Laura and John Arnold Foundation</a>.</p>
				 Copy HTML Home Health Law Medicare Medicaid Cost & Quality Health Industry Pharma Insurance Aging Mental Health Uninsured Republish Our Content Original KHN stories can be republished for free, and XML feeds are available. Learn More Ways to Follow Us @KHNews Facebook LinkedIn RSS Feeds Email Sign-Up The KHN Morning Briefing and other emails. Sign Up © 2017 Kaiser Family Foundation. All rights reserved. About Us Contact Us Editorial Policy Staff Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Global Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery Market 2017- GlaxoSmithKline, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH 3 3M, AstraZeneca Plc Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery Research Report 2017 analyses a Market Regions, Product Categories, with Sales, Market Revenue, Product cost, Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Share and Growth trends, focusing on leading Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery industry players, market size, demand and supply analysis, consumption volume, Forecast 2017 to 2022. The Global Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery Report provides a comprehensive scenario of the present and forecast Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery market strategies, development strategies and growth opportunities. Starting a discussion on the current state of Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery Industry, the report further analyses the market dynamics affecting each category present in it. Do Inquiry Before Purchasing Report Here: https://market.biz/report/global-pulmonaryrespiratory-drug-delivery-market-2017/63743/#inquiry Comprehensive Scenario of Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery Industry and Top Sellers:- 1 GlaxoSmithKline 2 Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH 3 3M 4 AstraZeneca Plc 5 Merck & Co 6 Novartis AG 7 Omron Corporation 8 Sunovion Pharmaceuticals 9 Teva Pharmaceutical Industries 10 Cipla The report further studies the Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery insights of the companies and recommendations that will help the readers to have up-to-date knowledge of the Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery market. A fundamental overview of the Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery report is presented to the readers with the help of market definition, categorization, various applications, and supply chain analysis. The Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery report covers the analysis of traditional as well as the emerging markets. The report also states the Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery industry competitors, their company profiles, latest news, their market share, development plans and policies, consumer volume and development strategies. Purchase Entire Report Here (To Get Instant Access): https://market.biz/report/global-pulmonaryrespiratory-drug-delivery-market-2017/63743/ In next part, the Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery Report evaluates the gross margin analysis of numerous regions i. e. (US, EU, China and Japan). Other regions can be added as per the requirement. In conclusion, it is a comprehensive research document which will help readers to analyze the feasibility of investment in Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery market. Related Reports: 1. Global Oral Drug Delivery Market 2017- https://market.biz/report/global-oral-drug-delivery-market-2017/46681/ 2. Global Injectable Drug Delivery Market 2017- https://market.biz/report/global-injectable-drug-delivery-market-2017/55532/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Consumer, Google News, Healthcare, Industry, Machinery, Markets, Medical Equipments, Pharmaceutical, Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery, Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery Industry, Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery Market, Pulmonary/Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Forecast, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Verapamil Hydrochloride Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Next PostNext Source Photonics and MACOM Demonstrate 53Gbaud PAM-4 Optical Link with Compact TOSA and ROSA Search Recent Posts PokerVision TV to pilot “Streamboat” Cell Command, Inc.’s Cell Warden® is the Only 100% Solution for the FCC to Eliminate Contraband Cell Phones 1st Choice Leisure Buildings Win the Feefo Gold Trusted Service Award TTi Global Boards the 17th Annual United States Coast Guard „Ice Breaker Cruise” Executive Search Firm Valent Mordan Names CEO Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd Mar 20, 2017, 10:01 ET Share this article LONDON, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cephalosporins, Penicillins, Fluoroquinolones, Macrolides, Carbapenems and Others The global antibacterial drugs market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 1.3% in the first half of the forecast period and a CAGR of 3.1% in the second half of the forecast period. The market is estimated at $41.76bn in 2016 and $44.54bn in 2021. How this report will benefit you Read on to discover how you can exploit the future business opportunities emerging in this sector. In this brand new 304-page report you will receive 124 tables and 97 figures - all unavailable elsewhere. The 304-page report provides clear detailed insight into the global antibacterial drugs market. Discover the key drivers and challenges affecting the market. By ordering and reading our brand new report today you stay better informed and ready to act. Report Scope • Global Antibacterial Drugs Market forecasts from 2017-2027 • Revenue forecasts for the 6 leading submarkets from 2017-2027: - Cephalosporins - Penicillins - Fluoroquinolones - Macrolides - Carbapenems - Others • Revenue forecasts for the 43 leading marketed antibacterial drugs from 2017-2027: - Cephalosporins: Rocephin, Sulperazon, Ceftin/Zinnat, Meiact, Flomox, Teflaro, Zeftera, Ceftolozane-tazobactam, Ceftazidime-Avibactam - Penicillins: Generic amoxicillin, Augmentin, Zosyn/Tazocin, Unasyn, Generic amoxicllin-clavulanic acid, Amoxil - Fluoroquinolones: Avelox, Cravit, Vigamox, Ciprodex, Cipro/Ciprobay, Geninax, Defafloxacin - Macrolides: Biaxin/Clarith, Zithromax, Dalacin, Dificid, Solithromycin - Carbapenems: Invanz, Merrem/Meropen, Primaxin, Doribax - Other antibacterial drugs: Zyvox, Cubicin, Tygacil, TOBI/TIP, Solodyn, Vibativ, Sirturo, Tedizolid, Oritavancin, Dalbavancin, Nemonoxacin, Surotomycin To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com • Revenue forecasts for the leading developed and emerging national and regional markets. Markets forecasted in this report are the following: - The US - The EU: France, Germany, Italy, Spain, the UK, and others - Japan - The BRIC countries: Brazil, Russia, India, China - South Korea - The Rest of the World • Analysis of the strengths, weaknesses as well as the opportunities and threats of the antibacterial drugs industry and market • Coverage of antibacterial drug candidates in the R&D pipeline. Discussions of research and development - see progress in this industry, finding technological, clinical and commercial outlooks and opportunities Visiongain's study is intended for anyone requiring commercial analyses for the Global Antibacterial Drugs Market. You find data, trends and predictions. Buy our report today Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017-2027: Cephalosporins, Penicillins, Fluoroquinolones, Macrolides, Carbapenems and Others. To request a report overview of this report please email Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com or call Tel: +44-(0)-20-7336-6100 Or click on: https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1821/Global-Antibacterial-Drugs-Market-2017-2027 Companies Mentioned  Abbott Laboratories AbbVie Achaogen Actavis Actelion Affinium Pharmaceutical AiCuris GmbH & Co. KG Alcon Alkem Laboratories Allergan Allied Pharma Apotex APP Pharmaceuticals Aptalis Pharma Aquapharm Biodiscovery Aradigm Aridis Pharmaceuticals Ascend Therapeutics Astellas Pharma AstraZeneca Aurobindo Pharma Barr Pharmaceuticals Basilea Pharmaceuticals Bayer Laboratories Biomax Biotechnics Bristol-Myers Squibb Cadila Healthcare Calixa Therapeutics Cardeas Pharma Cellceutix Cempra Pharmaceuticals Cipla Claris Lifesciences Cornerstone Biopharma Cornerstone Therapeutics Corona Remedies Critical Therapeutics Cubist Pharmaceuticals Daiichi Sankyo Dainippon Sumitomo Discuva Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Durata Therapeutics Eli Lilly Emcure Pharmaceuticals Eros Pharma Forest Laboratories Furiex Pharmaceuticals Gate Pharma Gilead Sciences Glenmark GlycoVaxyn GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Hetero Hi-Tech Pharma Hikma Farmaceutica Hospira Insmed Intercell Itochu Chemical Frontier Janssen Pharmaceuticals Johnson & Johnson KaloBios Kenta Biotech Kuhnil Pharm Lupin Macleod Pharmaceuticals Medicis MedImmune Meiji Melinta Therapeutics Merck & Co. Merlion Pharmaceuticals Microlabs MicuRx Pharmaceuticals Mpex Pharmaceuticals Mylan Nabriva Therapeutics Nalneva Neiss Labs Nektar Therapeutics Novacta Biosystems Novartis Novexel Optimer Biotechnology Orchid Chemicals Orchid Healthcare Ortho-McNeil Paratek Pharmaceuticals Peninsula Pharmaceuticals Pfizer Pharmacia Phico Therapeutics Piramal Healthcare Plenus Pharmaceuticals Pliva Polyphor Procarta Biosystems Procter & Gamble Pharmaceuticals Ranbaxy Redx Pharma Roche Roxane R-Pharma Sagent Pharmaceuticals Sandoz Sanofi Savara Pharmaceuticals Sawai Pharmaceutical Schering Plough Seika Pharma Sequella Shanghai MengKe Pharmaceuticals Shionogi Shire Sidmak Labs Solitaire Pharmacia Specialised Therapeutics Australia Sunovion Pharma TaiGen Biotechnology Taisho Toyama Takeda TAP Holdings Targanta Therapeutics Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Teva Pharmaceutical Industries The Medicines Company Theravance Torrent Pharmaceuticals Trius Therapeutics TTY Biopharma Unichem Laboratories Valeant Pharmaceuticals Vansen Pharma ViroPharma Warner Chilcott Watson Wockhardt Zhejiang Medicine Company Zuellig Pharma Zydus Pharmaceuticals To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com SOURCE Visiongain Ltd Mar 21, 2017, 10:01 ET Preview: Polymer Nanocomposites Market 2017-2027 Mar 17, 2017, 10:01 ET Preview: Automotive Engine Oil Market Report 2017-2027 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 22, 2017, 10:01 ETEmerging Technologies in Solar Power Market Report 2017-2027 Mar 21, 2017, 10:01 ETPolymer Nanocomposites Market 2017-2027 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd Mar 20, 2017, 10:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Future Ionic Liquids Market Analysis, Regional Outlook 2017: 2022 U.S. ionic liquid market size was the dominant regional industry and accounted for 35.9% of the total volume in 2014. A stringent environmental norm structure by the EPA to curb VOC content is likely to favor demand.Strong green solvents market demand in chemicals, pharmaceuticals and electronics in order to minimize toxicity concerns from inorganic counterparts are likely to drive growth. Catalysis/synthesis application dominated the demand and accounted for over 27% of the total ionic liquid market share in 2014, with consumption of over 2,800 tons. U.S. ionic liquids market share, by application, 2014   Liquids such as pyrrolidinium, imidazolium, pyridinium, piperidinium, ammonium, morpholinium, sulphonium and phosphonium offer production flexibility owing to myriad combinations of anions & cations. These are favored in numerous applications owing to intrinsic properties which include high temperature stability, insignificant vapor pressure, low viscosity, non-flammability and liquid state preservation in high temperature area. Request for Professional and Technical Industry Insights Sample PDF@  https://www.gminsights.com/request-sample/detail/121 Possibility of some traditional ionic liquids such as N-alkylpyridinium and tetraalkylammonium of becoming persistent pollutants by release in soil or water resources is a concern, which might hamper industry growth. High cost of these solvents is also a concern to generate profitability for industry participants. Technology innovation to develop products catering to niche applications such as aerospace and pharmaceuticals is likely to present unexplored growth potential. Ionic Liquids Application Insights: Global ionic liquids market volume share by application, 2014 & 2022 Catalysis/synthesis Food Paper & pulp Electronics Biotechnology Automotive Pharmaceuticals Ionic Liquids Regional Insights: U.S. Germany China Japan RoW  Browse key industry insights spread across 70 pages with 48 market data tables & 11 figures & charts from the report, “Ionic liquids Market, 2017 – 2022” in detail along with the table of contents: https://www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/ionic-liquids-market-report Ionic liquids market share is fragmented as end-use industries demand application specific product solutions. Key companies include Solvionic, BASF, IOLITECH GmbH and Coorstek. Other prominent companies include TCI, Strem Chemicals, Merck and Scionix. About Global Market Insights, Inc. Global Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware, U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology. Contact Us Arun Hegde Corporate Sales, USA Global Market Insights, Inc. Phone: 1-302-846-7766 Toll Free: 1 888-689-0688 Email: sales@gminsights.com Web: https://www.gminsights.com Connect with us twitter | LinkedIn | Facebook | Google+ CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace, Automation, Automotive, Building and Construction, Business, Chemical and Advanced Materials, Chemicals, Companies, defense, Electrical equipment, Electronics, equipment, Food and Beverage, Food Products, Google News, Industry, Ionic Liquids Industry, Ionic Liquids Industry Research analysis, Ionic Liquids Industry study report, Ionic Liquids Market, Ionic Liquids Market Analysis, Ionic Liquids Market forecast, Ionic Liquids Market research analysis, Ionic Liquids Market Share, Ionic Liquids Market Size, Ionic Liquids Market trends, Ionic Liquids Market Update, Machinery, Markets, Packaging, Personal products, Pharmaceutical, satellite, satPRnews, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mobility Aids and Transportation Equipment Market to Witness Exponential Growth by 2020 Next PostNext TradingScreen Signs Commercial Deal with Tethys Technology Search Recent Posts Hill International Announces Update to Anticipated Closing Date of Construction Claims Group Sale PokerVision TV to pilot “Streamboat” Cell Command, Inc.’s Cell Warden® is the Only 100% Solution for the FCC to Eliminate Contraband Cell Phones 1st Choice Leisure Buildings Win the Feefo Gold Trusted Service Award TTi Global Boards the 17th Annual United States Coast Guard „Ice Breaker Cruise” Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Global Contraceptives Market to grow at 6% CAGR from 2016 to 2023 Contraceptives Market size is driven by a number of government initiatives aimed at curbing unwanted pregnancies, as well as favorable regulatory framework coupled with heightened awareness level among the public. Contraceptives market size was valued at USD 19.8 billion in 2015, with forecast target exceeding USD 33 billion by 2023, at over 6.8% CAGR; as reported in the latest study by Global Market Insights, Inc. Global Market Insights Inc. has announced addition of a new study based report on global contraceptives market. The market is expected to foresee significant growth and surpass USD 33 billion at a growing CAGR of over 6.8% by 2023. Population on rise, increased awareness of family planning, and growing prevalence of STDs (sexually transmitted diseases) are the prime factors contributing to the surge. The advent of new products with superior efficacy is projected to further the market growth over the estimated period. Furthermore, awareness programs held by NGOs and government, campaigns regarding sex education to encourage the use of contraceptives globally are also influencing the market positively. Request for a sample of this research report – https://www.gminsights.com/request-sample/detail/430 Contraception, also known as fertility or birth control, refers to the use of devices, drugs or methods to avoid pregnancy as a result of sexual intercourse. Contraception methods are available to both women and men. The methods can be permanent (female sterilization including hysteroscopic sterilisation or tubal occlusion, and male sterilization (vasectomy). Temporary methods can be non-hormonal (cervical caps, diaphragms, condoms, sponges, non-hormonal IUDs, withdrawal methods) and hormonal methods include vaginal implants, contraceptive transdermal patches, oral contraceptive pills, hormonal IUDs, and vaginal rings. Disposable, inexpensive and self inject contraceptives are also expected to transform the market growth. To access sample pages or view this report titled, Contraceptives Market  in detail along with the table of contents, please click on the link below: https://www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/contraceptives-market The demand for contraceptive sponges and condoms is anticipated to propel market growth during the projected time frame. Condoms provide both effective birth control and prevention from STDs. They are expected to continue its dominance as the most preferred and lucrative segment worldwide owing to its low cost and widespread availability. Growing acceptance to female condoms is also likely to boost the growth in next few years. Rising demand for efficient and advanced contraceptive devices and methods is encouraging manufacturers to invest in research and development to introduce advanced devices and drugs in the Industry. Low-priced contraceptive implants also foresee wide acceptance globally. North America is expected to dominate the region segment and register high gains, especially due to U.S. market during the forecast period. APAC, particularly India and China, is anticipated to upsurge over 30% of global revenue by 2023 owing to favorable government initiatives regarding sex education. The surge is attributed to high disposable income, inventions in healthcare infrastructure, and growing awareness. The LATAM market is predicted to observe growth at a growing CAGR of 8.6% in the near future. The market is highly competitive and major market participants include Mayer Laboratories, Inc. Pfizer, Inc. Merck & Co., Cooper Surgical, and Actavis PLCs.  Product innovation to meet the rising demand for modern contraceptive methods is an important approach for market players. Make an inquiry for purchasing this report @ https://www.gminsights.com/inquiry-before-buying/430 Contraceptives market research report includes in-depth coverage of the industry with estimates & forecast in terms of revenue in USD million from 2012 to 2023, for the following segments: Contraceptives market by product Drugs Oral contraceptive pills Injectable Topical Devices Condoms Male Female Diaphragms Sponges Vaginal Rings Subdermal implants IUD Copper IUD Hormonal IUD The above information is provided on a regional and country basis for the following: North America U.S. Canada EU UK Germany Asia Pacific China India Japan Latin America (LATAM) Brazil Middle East and Africa South Africa Browse Related Reports: HIV Diagnostics Market Size By Product [Antibody Tests (HIV-1 Screening, ELISA/EIA, Home Access Dried Blood Spot, Rapid Test, HIV-1 Confirmatory Steps, Western Blot, Indirect Immunoflorescent Antibody Assay (IIFA), Line Immunoassay , RadioImmuno Precipitation Assay (RIPA), HIV-2 & Group O Test, Blood Antibody, Dried Blood Spot), Viral Identification Assay (p24 Antigen, Qualitative PCR, Viral Culture), CD4, Viral Load, Early Infant Diagnosis], Industry Analysis Report, Regional Outlook (U.S., Canada, UK, Germany, Japan, China, South Africa, Brazil), Application Potential, Price Trends, Competitive Market Share & Forecast, 2016 – 2023 https://www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/hiv-diagnostics-market About Global Market Insights: Global Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware, U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology. Contact Us: Arun Hegde Corporate Sales, USA Global Market Insights, Inc. Phone: 1-302-846-7766 Toll Free: 1-888-689-0688 Email: sales@gminsights.com Web: https://www.gminsights.com Blog: https://gminsights.wordpress.com Connect with us: Facebook | Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbirth control, Business, contraceptive, contraceptive drugs, Contraceptive pill, Contraceptives Market size, Culture, Education, Electronics, Google News, Healthcare, Home and Garden, Industry, intelligence, Intrauterine Contraceptive Device, intrauterine device, Machinery, major, Markets, population control, satPRnews, service, STDs, Technology, unwanted pregnancy Post navigation Previous PostPrevious China Outbound Travel: Industry Analysis, Growth, Trends, and Forecast Next PostNext Worldwide Construction Management Software Industry by 2020: Size, Share, Growth, Regions, Revenue by Trends and Top Key Manufacturers (Newforma, Viewpoint, Procore) Search Recent Posts Westell Technologies to Webcast Presentation at The MicroCap Conference First Interim Dividend Global Tissue Ablation Market 2017: Key Manufacturers Analysis with Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin, Market Share and Growth Rate Forecasts 2022 AllOver Media Hires New VP of Brand Partnerships in Los Angeles Identity and Access Management Will Innovate the Cybersecurity Landscape Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
03232017Headline: Methyl Palmitate Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market Reports 8 mins ago Paraffinum Liquidum Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market Reports 22 mins ago Custom Lasik Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 22 mins ago Custom Flavor Fragrance Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 25 mins ago Tactical Folding Knives Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Analysis and Forecast, Worldwide, 2022: Research Corridor 27 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global LAMEA Oncology/Anti-cancer drugs Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2021 – Acute Market Reports Global LAMEA Oncology/Anti-cancer drugs Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2021 – Acute Market Reports March 20, 2017 | by Siemon | Oncology/Anti-cancer drugs are used for treating various cancer types for improving and prolonging a patients survival time. Biological drugs, based on monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) would emerge as a preferred option for treating various cancer types, especially blood cancer (leukaemia). The rising incidence and prevalence of various cancer types, new cancer treatments and growing importance of biological and targeted drug therapies, are driving the market growth of LAMEA oncology/anti-cancer drugs. In addition, increasing demand of anti-cancer drugs for the treatment of ageing population, rising government funds and improved treatment results, are major factors boosting the market growth. However, the high cost involved in new drug development, coupled with threat of failure and adverse effects associated with anti-cancer drugs therapies, would restrain the growth of the LAMEA market. Moreover, accessibility of anti-cancer drugs incurred by high cost, is a major challenge that is expected to further impede the performance of anti-cancer drugs in LAMEA region. Nevertheless, commercialization of advanced therapeutics, such as targeted therapies and immunotherapies (biologic therapies) would reduce the negative influence of restraints and fuel the market growth. Browse Full Report Visit – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/lamea-oncology-anti-cancer-drugs-market The LAMEA oncology drugs market is segmented into therapeutic modalities, cancer types and countries. Therapeutic modalities segment is further categorized into chemotherapy, targeted therapy, immunotherapy (biologic therapy), hormonal therapy and others. The LAMEA oncology drugs market is expected to reach $17,072.2 million by 2021. Patent expiration of key anti-cancer drugs such as Herceptin (Patent Expiration: EU-2014; US-2019), Erbitux (Patent Expiration: EU-2014; US-2016), Rituxan (Patent Expiration: EU-2013; US-2018) and Avastin (Patent Expiration: EU-2018; US-2019), is expected to boost the growth of cancer biosimilars market by 2021. Further, the biological therapy is the fastest growing segment at a CAGR of 12.2%, throughout the analysis period, on account of high efficacy and target specific action. Moreover, blood cancer drugs market was the largest revenue generating application segment in 2015, owing to the high cost of drugs (immunotherapies), used for the treatment of blood cancer. Based on countries the LAMEA region is segmented into nine countries named Brazil, Argentina, Nigeria, South Africa, Iraq, Iran, Algeria, Saudi Arabia and Egypt. Brazil dominates the LAMEA market closely followed by Argentina, owing to rising incidence of cancer, high expenditure and gross national income (GNI) of Brazil specifically. In addition, LAMEA market is poised to grow at a promising CAGR of 8.6% during the forecast period. This high growth rate is majorly attributed to the increasing awareness towards advanced therapies, namely immunotherapies and increase in per capita healthcare spending. The key companies profiled in the report include Amgen Inc., AstraZeneca Plc., Roche Diagnostics, GlaxoSmithKline PLC, Merck & Co., Novartis AG, AbbVie Inc. Sanofi, EIMC United Pharmaceuticals (EUP) and Actavis plc. Browse All Reports of This Category – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/pharmaceutical-market KEY BENEFITS: The report provides quantitative analysis of the current market and estimations through 2014-2021 that assists in identifying the prevailing market opportunities. The report helps in understanding the strategies adopted by various companies for gaining market share in the anti-cancer drugs market. The report provides a comprehensive analysis of factors that drive and restrict the growth of the LAMEA anti-cancer drugs market. Market conditions of anti-cancer drugs market across LAMEA region are comprehensively analyzed. Competitive intelligence highlights the business practices followed by leading market players across various geographies. SWOT analysis enables to study the internal environment of the leading companies for strategy formulation. LAMEA ONCOLOGY/ANTI-CANCER DRUGS MARKET KEY SEGMENTS: LAMEA oncology/anti-cancer drugs market is segmented into therapeutic modalities, cancer types and countries. By Therapeutic modalities Chemotherapy Targeted Therapy Immunotherapy (Biologic Therapy) Hormonal Therapy Others By Cancer Types Blood Cancer Breast Cancer Gastrointestinal Cancer Respiratory/Lung Cancer Skin Cancer Other Cancers By Countries Brazil Argentina Nigeria South Africa Iraq Iran Algeria Saudi Arabia Egypt Other LAMEA countries Chapter: 1 INTRODUCTION 1.1 Report description 1.2 Key benefits 1.3 Key market segment 1.4 Research methodology 1.4.1 Secondary research 1.4.2 Primary research 1.4.3 Analyst tools and models Chapter: 2 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Chapter: 3 MARKET OVERVIEW 3.1 Market definition and scope 3.2 Development of novel immuno-oncology drug products 3.3 Key findings 3.3.1 Top impacting factors 3.3.2 Top investment pockets 3.3.3 Top winning strategies 3.4 Government regulations 3.4.1 Regulations in Middle East 3.5 Reimbursement scenario 3.5.1 Reimbursement in Middle East 3.6 Drivers 3.6.1 Rising incidence and prevalence of various cancer types 3.6.2 Growing importance of biological and targeted drug therapies 3.6.3 Increasing funding and aid from public and private sector 3.7 Restraints Our Blogs :- http://www.qyresearchreports.net/ http://www.deepresearchreport.com/ http://www.profresearchreport.com/ For Technology News : http://www.mobilecomputingtoday.co.uk/ About – Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Contact Us : Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Office No 101, 1st Floor , Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 India: +91 7755981103 Email : sales@acutemarketreports.com Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com Filed in: Business Tags: Global LAMEA Oncology/Anti-cancer drugs Market Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Methyl Palmitate Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market Reports Paraffinum Liquidum Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market Reports Custom Lasik Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Custom Flavor Fragrance Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Methyl Palmitate Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market Reports Paraffinum Liquidum Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market Reports Custom Lasik Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Custom Flavor Fragrance Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Tactical Folding Knives Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Analysis and Forecast, Worldwide, 2022: Research Corridor © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Human Microbiome Global Market, By Application & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Human Microbiome Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 20, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Human Microbiome Market is accounted for $130.23 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $521.23 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 21.9% during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of lifestyle diseases, growing geriatric population, and technological developments are some of the factors fueling the market growth. By product, Probiotics segment dominated the global market with largest share during the forecast period. North America and Europe commanded the market owing to the improved biotechnological and microbiological research infrastructure. However, Asia-Pacific is anticipated to grow at the highest CAGR owing to recuperating research infrastructure in the region. For more information at http://www.reportsweb.com/human-microbiome-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 . Some of the key players in Human Microbiome market include Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc., E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, ViThera Pharmaceuticals, Metabiomics Corp., ActoGeniX, Optibiotix Health Plc, Vedanta Biosciences, Inc., MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC, Second Genome, Inc., ENTEROME Bioscience, Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd., Osel, Inc., AvidBiotics, Rebiotix Inc., Merck & Co., Inc. and Seres Therapeutics. Applications Covered: - Diagnostics - Therapeutics Diseases Covered: - Cancer - Acute Diarrhea - Diabetes - Mental Disorders - Autoimmune Disorders - Obesity - Other Diseases Products Covered: - Foods - Drugs - Probiotics - Diagnostic Devices - Prebiotics - Medical Foods o Nutritionally Incomplete Formulae o Formulae for Metabolic Disorders o Nutritionally Complete Formulae o Oral Rehydration Products - Other Probiotics Supplements Request Sample Copy: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/sample . Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 10 Company Profiling 10.1 Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 10.2 E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company 10.3 ViThera Pharmaceuticals 10.4 Metabiomics Corp. 10.5 ActoGeniX 10.6 Optibiotix Health Plc 10.7 Vedanta Biosciences, Inc. 10.8 MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC 10.9 Second Genome, Inc. 10.10 ENTEROME Bioscience 10.11 Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd. 10.12 Osel, Inc. 10.13 AvidBiotics 10.14 Rebiotix Inc., 10.15 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.16 Seres Therapeutics Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Gallery Opinion Columnists DC Comment Op Ed Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Thursday, Mar 23, 2017 | Last Update : 07:04 PM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Business Technology Lifestyle Gallery Opinion More... Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Lifestyle, Health and Wellbeing New drug for diabetes found to have heart protective potential REUTERS Published Mar 20, 2017, 10:29 am IST Updated Mar 20, 2017, 10:29 am IST The data was obtained from real-world sources, such as medical records, claims databases and national registers.  More than 400 million people worldwide have diabetes, of whom at least 90 percent have type 2 (Photo: AFP) A newer class of type 2 diabetes drugs significantly cut the risk of death and hospitalization for heart failure compared with other medicines for the disease, according to data released on Sunday from a so-called real world study sponsored by AstraZeneca. The drugs, known as SGLT-2 inhibitors, work by removing blood sugar via the urine and include Astra's Farxiga, Jardiance from Eli Lilly and Co and Boehringer Ingelheim, and Invokana from Johnson & Johnson. Jardiance caused a stir in 2015, when a clinical trial conducted to reassure it does not cause heart problems instead showed it reduced the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure or death from heart failure by 39 percent in high risk patients. The heart benefit has since been incorporated into Jardiance's label. AstraZeneca is conducting its own large clinical trials to determine the heart effect of Farxiga with results expected in 2019. But the latest data presented by Dr. Mikhail Kosiborod at the American College of Cardiology scientific meeting in Washington appears to indicate that heart protection is not limited to Jardiance. "The fact that the results are remarkably consistent from country to country regardless of which compound predominates, that certainly seems to suggest that it's a class effect," said Kosiborod, a cardiologist from Saint Luke's Mid America Heart Institute in Kansas City. He noted that most Americans in the data were taking Invokana, while Farxiga was dominant in Europe. The study, which analyzed data from more than 300,000 type 2 diabetes patients collected from six countries, found the SGLT-2 drugs slashed the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure and death from any cause by 46 percent. The data was obtained from real-world sources, such as medical records, claims databases and national registers. Most patients were taking Farxiga or Invokana with less than 10 percent on Jardiance. The comparator medicines included a wide variety of diabetes treatments, including metformin, DPP-4 inhibitors, such as Merck & Co's Januvia, and insulin, among others. The vast majority of patients had no history of heart disease. But heart disease is the number one killer of people with diabetes, and mounting evidence of heart protective qualities of SGLT-2 drugs could lead to greater use. "This class has a real potential of improving patient outcomes," Kosiborod said. Given the observational nature of the study the possibility of unmeasured confounding factors exists, researchers noted. More than 400 million people worldwide have diabetes, of whom at least 90 percent have type 2. Tags: health and well being, anti-diabetes drug, heart disease Related Stories Children spending more than six hours on screens at risk of diabetes They have a higher risk of developing fat after sitting for longer hours which hinders response to insulin 14 Mar 2017 11:19 AM Bullied children may suffer depression, diabetes in adulthood Early-life stress exposure can also affect the way in which these physiological systems respond to future stressors. 11 Mar 2017 3:04 PM Going 'gluten-free' may actually increase the risk of diabetes Eating less of wheat, rye and barley may increase the risk of developing diabetes instead of proving to be healthy 11 Mar 2017 9:34 AM Nation Gallery Modi’s magic brings a saffron Holi to Uttar Pradesh 11 dead, at least 30 injured after private bus falls into river in Andhra Pradesh Sky of smoke: Bengaluru's Bellandur lake catches fire again! Donald Trump and Japan's Shinzo Abe share high-five on Florida golf course Union Budget 2017: Arun Jaitley paints a positive picture In Pictures: India celebrates 68th Republic Day ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   Anurag Thakur accuses BCCI for compromising Virat Kohli’s integrity   Sex positions that enable men to give blended orgasms to women   Watch: Ranveer channels his inner rapper for Rajkummar's Trapped!   Maharashtra cricket tourney's quirky prizes: Goat for champions, eggs for big hitters   Watch: Iguana lands on tennis court, halts play at Miami Open   Expert says how erections in men change from their 20s to their 70s ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Health and Wellbeing Skipping therapy for sugar injections may help treat joint pain Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Cheaper new vaccine found to cure rotavirus causing death in children New test may predict onset of Alzheimer's: study People who lose sense of smell may die earlier: study ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 - 2017 Deccan Chronicle. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham × Prayers
Kantipur The Kathmandu Post saptahik Nepal Nari Radio Kantipur Kantipur TV Bhairawa Airport: °C Weather: , Humidity: Dadeldhura: 26°C Weather: Clear, Humidity: 30% Dhankuta: 22°C Weather: Clear, Humidity: 49% Jogbani: °C Weather: , Humidity: Jumla: 23°C Weather: Clear, Humidity: 12% Kathmandu Arpt: °C Weather: , Humidity: Ko-ya-ta-ko: °C Weather: , Humidity: Okhaldhunga: 17°C Weather: Mostly Cloudy, Humidity: 60% Pokhara Airport: °C Weather: , Humidity: Simra Airport: °C Weather: , Humidity: Surkhet: 30°C Weather: Clear, Humidity: 40% Taplejung: 21°C Weather: Mostly Cloudy, Humidity: 67% Print Edition | Archive Thursday, March 23, 2017 Toggle navigationSidebar General National Capital Sports Editorial Oped Photo-feature INTERVIEW Entertainment World Blog Escalate Video Javascript is currently not enabled on this browser. Please enable Javascript for proper viewing of The Kathmandu Post website. Don't know how to enable javascript? Click here to see suggestions from google Health & Style Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study - Reuters Mar 20, 2017- A newer class of type 2 diabetes drugs significantly cut the risk of death and hospitalization for heart failure compared with other medicines for the disease, according to data released on Sunday from a so-called real world study sponsored by AstraZeneca. The drugs, known as SGLT-2 inhibitors, work by removing blood sugar via the urine and include Astra's Farxiga, Jardiance from Eli Lilly and Co and Boehringer Ingelheim, and Invokana from Johnson & Johnson. Jardiance caused a stir in 2015, when a clinical trial conducted to reassure it does not cause heart problems instead showed it reduced the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure or death from heart failure by 39 percent in high risk patients. The heart benefit has since been incorporated into Jardiance's label. AstraZeneca is conducting its own large clinical trials to determine the heart effect of Farxiga with results expected in 2019. But the latest data presented by Dr. Mikhail Kosiborod at the American College of Cardiology scientific meeting in Washington appears to indicate that heart protection is not limited to Jardiance. "The fact that the results are remarkably consistent from country to country regardless of which compound predominates, that certainly seems to suggest that it's a class effect," said Kosiborod, a cardiologist from Saint Luke's Mid America Heart Institute in Kansas City. He noted that most Americans in the data were taking Invokana, while Farxiga was dominant in Europe. The study, which analyzed data from more than 300,000 type 2 diabetes patients collected from six countries, found the SGLT-2 drugs slashed the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure and death from any cause by 46 percent. The data was obtained from real-world sources, such as medical records, claims databases and national registers. Most patients were taking Farxiga or Invokana with less than 10 percent on Jardiance. The comparator medicines included a wide variety of diabetes treatments, including metformin, DPP-4 inhibitors, such as Merck & Co's Januvia, and insulin, among others. The vast majority of patients had no history of heart disease. But heart disease is the number one killer of people with diabetes, and mounting evidence of heart protective qualities of SGLT-2 drugs could lead to greater use. "This class has a real potential of improving patient outcomes," Kosiborod said. Given the observational nature of the study the possibility of unmeasured confounding factors exists, researchers noted. More than 400 million people worldwide have diabetes, of whom at least 90 percent have type 2. Published: 20-03-2017 09:19 The Kathmandu Post ›Health & Style › Reuters Next Story North Korea rocket-engine test shows 'meaningful' progress - South Korea › Tags: diabetes User's Feedback Click here for your comments Comment via Facebook Don't have facebook account? Use this form to comment Loading... More From Health & Style Smoking during pregnancy tied to eye damage in kidsSmoking during pregnancy tied to eye damage in kids Mar 09, 2017full story » Canadian bacteria-like fossils called oldest evidence of life Mar 02, 2017full story » Roche trial finds new drug cocktail cuts breast cancer deaths Mar 02, 2017full story » 'Alarming' superbugs a risk to people, animals and food, EU warns Feb 22, 2017full story » Hard to detect, China bird flu virus may be more widespread Feb 17, 2017full story » Vitamin D pills 'could stop colds or flu' Feb 16, 2017full story » ‘Why munching sounds can make me angry’ Feb 16, 2017full story » Eight countries sign up to counter Trump's global anti-abortion move Feb 09, 2017full story » Treating complex phobias Feb 09, 2017full story » Getting specific about dizziness Feb 09, 2017full story »‹› Main News Chinese Defence Minister meets PM Dahal Mar 23, 2017full story » 3 Indians held with 70 kg marijuana in Hetauda Mar 23, 2017full story » 3 injured as Maoist, RPP cadres clash over election booth in Dhading Mar 23, 2017full story » Islamic State claims responsibility for British parliament attack Mar 23, 2017full story » 1 killed, 6 injured in Nuwakot truck plunge Mar 23, 2017full story » CPN-UML district committees to pick candidates for ward chief, members Mar 23, 2017full story » Two kidnappers held, one killed, mastermind still at large Mar 23, 2017full story » CPN (Maoist Centre) provides Rs 600,000 to Govinda Gautam’s family Mar 23, 2017full story » PM Dahal to meet SLMM leaders before flying off to China Mar 23, 2017full story » Chinese Defence Minister arrives on 3-day visit Mar 23, 2017full story » 0Shares Share on facebookShare on twitter Main News Chinese Defence Minister meets PM Dahal Mar 23, 2017full story » 3 Indians held with 70 kg marijuana in Hetauda Mar 23, 2017full story » 3 injured as Maoist, RPP cadres clash over election booth in Dhading Mar 23, 2017full story » Islamic State claims responsibility for British parliament attack Mar 23, 2017full story » 1 killed, 6 injured in Nuwakot truck plunge Mar 23, 2017full story » CPN-UML district committees to pick candidates for ward chief, members Mar 23, 2017full story » Two kidnappers held, one killed, mastermind still at large Mar 23, 2017full story » CPN (Maoist Centre) provides Rs 600,000 to Govinda Gautam’s family Mar 23, 2017full story » PM Dahal to meet SLMM leaders before flying off to China Mar 23, 2017full story » Chinese Defence Minister arrives on 3-day visit Mar 23, 2017full story » The Kathmandu Post's Categories Blog Capital Editor's Pick Editorial Entertainment Escalate Featured Fiction Park General Health & Living Health & Style Int'l Coverage INTERVIEW MAIN NEWS Money National news Off The Beat Oped Photo-feature POST TRIVIA Saturday Features Sports Video World Visit kmg.com.np About Us Established in February 1993, the Kathmandu Post, Nepal’s first privately owned English broadsheet daily, is today Nepal’s leading English language newspaper, with a daily circulation of 82,000 copies. This makes the Post Nepal’s second-most widely circulated newspaper—after Kantipur daily. The Kathmandu Post is also a member of Asia News Network that has over 15 members and is known for its insightful, unbiased journalistic work of the highest calibre.   Read more» AdvertiseTo advertise on ekantipur click here » To advertise on print media click here » FeedbackSend us your feedback » We like to hear from you. × Contact Us Contact Address Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd. Central Business Park, Thapathali Kathmandu, Nepal +977-01-5135000 +977-01-5135001 Contact Us »  A member of ekantipur © Copyright Kantipur Digital Corp. loading...
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Top News | Mon Mar 20, 2017 | 7:54am IST Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study Pharmaceutical tablets and capsules are arranged on a table in a photo illustration shot September 18, 2013. REUTERS/Srdjan Zivulovic/Illustration/File Photo By Bill Berkrot | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON A newer class of type 2 diabetes drugs significantly cut the risk of death and hospitalization for heart failure compared with other medicines for the disease, according to data released on Sunday from a so-called real world study sponsored by AstraZeneca. The drugs, known as SGLT-2 inhibitors, work by removing blood sugar via the urine and include Astra's Farxiga, Jardiance from Eli Lilly and Co and Boehringer Ingelheim, and Invokana from Johnson & Johnson. Jardiance caused a stir in 2015, when a clinical trial conducted to reassure it does not cause heart problems instead showed it reduced the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure or death from heart failure by 39 percent in high risk patients. The heart benefit has since been incorporated into Jardiance's label. AstraZeneca is conducting its own large clinical trials to determine the heart effect of Farxiga with results expected in 2019. But the latest data presented by Dr. Mikhail Kosiborod at the American College of Cardiology scientific meeting in Washington appears to indicate that heart protection is not limited to Jardiance. "The fact that the results are remarkably consistent from country to country regardless of which compound predominates, that certainly seems to suggest that it's a class effect," said Kosiborod, a cardiologist from Saint Luke's Mid America Heart Institute in Kansas City. He noted that most Americans in the data were taking Invokana, while Farxiga was dominant in Europe. The study, which analyzed data from more than 300,000 type 2 diabetes patients collected from six countries, found the SGLT-2 drugs slashed the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure and death from any cause by 46 percent. The data was obtained from real-world sources, such as medical records, claims databases and national registers. Most patients were taking Farxiga or Invokana with less than 10 percent on Jardiance. The comparator medicines included a wide variety of diabetes treatments, including metformin, DPP-4 inhibitors, such as Merck & Co's Januvia, and insulin, among others. The vast majority of patients had no history of heart disease. But heart disease is the number one killer of people with diabetes, and mounting evidence of heart protective qualities of SGLT-2 drugs could lead to greater use. "This class has a real potential of improving patient outcomes," Kosiborod said. Given the observational nature of the study the possibility of unmeasured confounding factors exists, researchers noted. More than 400 million people worldwide have diabetes, of whom at least 90 percent have type 2. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) Next In Top News Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade ISLAMABAD Chinese, Saudi and Turkish troops for the first time joined the Pakistan Day parade in the capital Islamabad on Thursday, in a sign of deepening ties. Stage set for Dharamsala's blockbuster test debut NEW DELHI With India and Australia clashing in a winner-takes-all finale to an enthralling series, the picturesque town of Dharamsala in the Himalayan foothills could hardly have asked for a better debut as a test venue. Finance minister calls banks to discuss new facility to drain cash MUMBAI The finance ministry has called bankers into a meeting on Friday to discuss setting up a new facility to absorb surplus cash in the banking system, according to a letter sent to heads of lenders seen by Reuters on Thursday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick British police arrest seven in parliament attack probe Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article The Future of Virtual Reality: 5 Things to Know VR has been getting a lot of attention recently Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 6 Strategies for Paying Off Mortgage Loans Early Paying off sooner saves you money in the long run My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search REFILE-Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study March 19, 2017, 02:39:00 PM EDT By Reuters Shutterstock photo 
(Adds word in last paragraph)
    By Bill BerkrotWASHINGTON, March 19 (Reuters) - A newer class of type 2
diabetes drugs significantly cut the risk of death and
hospitalization for heart failure compared with other medicines
for the disease, according to data released on Sunday from a
so-called real world study sponsored by AstraZeneca <AZN.L>.
    The drugs, known as SGLT-2 inhibitors, work by removing
blood sugar via the urine and include Astra's Farxiga, Jardiance
from Eli Lilly and Co <LLY.N> and Boehringer Ingelheim, and
Invokana from Johnson & Johnson <JNJ.N>.
    Jardiance caused a stir in 2015, when a clinical trial
conducted to reassure it does not cause heart problems instead
showed it reduced the combined risk of hospitalization for heart
failure or death from heart failure by 39 percent in high risk
patients. The heart benefit has since been incorporated into
Jardiance's label.
    AstraZeneca is conducting its own large clinical trials to
determine the heart effect of Farxiga with results expected in
2019.
    But the latest data presented by Dr. Mikhail Kosiborod at
the American College of Cardiology scientific meeting in
Washington appears to indicate that heart protection is not
limited to Jardiance.
    "The fact that the results are remarkably consistent from
country to country regardless of which compound predominates,
that certainly seems to suggest that it's a class effect," said
Kosiborod, a cardiologist from Saint Luke's Mid America Heart
Institute in Kansas City. He noted that most Americans in the
data were taking Invokana, while Farxiga was dominant in Europe.
    The study, which analyzed data from more than 300,000 type 2
diabetes patients collected from six countries, found the SGLT-2
drugs slashed the combined risk of hospitalization for heart
failure and death from any cause by 46 percent.
    The data was obtained from real-world sources, such as
medical records, claims databases and national registers.
    Most patients were taking Farxiga or Invokana with less than
10 percent on Jardiance. The comparator medicines included a
wide variety of diabetes treatments, including metformin, DPP-4
inhibitors, such as Merck & Co's <MRK.N> Januvia, and insulin,
among others.
    The vast majority of patients had no history of heart
disease. But heart disease is the number one killer of people
with diabetes, and mounting evidence of heart protective
qualities of SGLT-2 drugs could lead to greater use.
    "This class has a real potential of improving patient
outcomes," Kosiborod said.
    Given the observational nature of the study the possibility
of unmeasured confounding factors exists, researchers noted.
    More than 400 million people worldwide have diabetes, of
whom at least 90 percent have type 2.

 (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
 ((bill.berkrot@thomsonreuters.com; 1 646 223 6030; Reuters
Messaging: bill.berkrot.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))

Keywords: HEART ASTRAZENECA/DIABETES (CORRECTED)
 This article appears in: Technology , Stocks , World Markets , Stocks Referenced Symbols: AZN , JNJ , LLY , MRK More from Reuters Subscribe AstraZeneca’s CVD-REAL Study Shows SGLT-2 Inhibitors Significantly Reduced Hospitalizations for Heart Failure and Death versus Other Type-2 Diabetes Medicines LYNPARZA™ (olaparib) Phase III SOLO-2 Data Demonstrated Progression-Free Survival Benefit in BRCA-Mutated Ovarian Cancer as Maintenance Therapy FDA Approves Once-Daily QTERN® (Dapagliflozin and Saxagliptin) Tablets for Adults with Type-2 Diabetes Related stocks Articles Subscribe Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (GSBC) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 24, 2017 3/23/2017 09:00 AM GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. (GCAP) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 24, 2017 3/23/2017 09:00 AM Mercer International Inc. (MERC) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 24, 2017 3/23/2017 09:00 AM See headlines for AZN Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Apple Updates IPad; Introduces IPhone 7 & IPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Altice NV : Altice acquires Teads, the No. 1 online video advertising Albertsons held preliminary merger talks with Sprouts -Bloomberg Amgen: Low LDL Levels With Repatha Did Not Affect Cognitive Function Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Is Sinking Despite Study Results Ominto, Inc. (Nasdaq: OMNT) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Closing... EXCLUSIVE-Tillerson plans to skip NATO meeting, visit Russia in April... How Nike (NKE), Under Armour (UA), Adidas Are Battling In NCAA... What Happened in the Stock Market Today Cintas Says All Regulatory Consents For G&K Services Acquisition... View All Highest Rated Stocks Referenced AZN 60% Rate It JNJ 82% Rate It LLY 75% Rate It MRK 84% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Top News | Mon Mar 20, 2017 | 7:54am IST Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study Pharmaceutical tablets and capsules are arranged on a table in a photo illustration shot September 18, 2013. REUTERS/Srdjan Zivulovic/Illustration/File Photo By Bill Berkrot | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON A newer class of type 2 diabetes drugs significantly cut the risk of death and hospitalization for heart failure compared with other medicines for the disease, according to data released on Sunday from a so-called real world study sponsored by AstraZeneca. The drugs, known as SGLT-2 inhibitors, work by removing blood sugar via the urine and include Astra's Farxiga, Jardiance from Eli Lilly and Co and Boehringer Ingelheim, and Invokana from Johnson & Johnson. Jardiance caused a stir in 2015, when a clinical trial conducted to reassure it does not cause heart problems instead showed it reduced the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure or death from heart failure by 39 percent in high risk patients. The heart benefit has since been incorporated into Jardiance's label. AstraZeneca is conducting its own large clinical trials to determine the heart effect of Farxiga with results expected in 2019. But the latest data presented by Dr. Mikhail Kosiborod at the American College of Cardiology scientific meeting in Washington appears to indicate that heart protection is not limited to Jardiance. "The fact that the results are remarkably consistent from country to country regardless of which compound predominates, that certainly seems to suggest that it's a class effect," said Kosiborod, a cardiologist from Saint Luke's Mid America Heart Institute in Kansas City. He noted that most Americans in the data were taking Invokana, while Farxiga was dominant in Europe. The study, which analyzed data from more than 300,000 type 2 diabetes patients collected from six countries, found the SGLT-2 drugs slashed the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure and death from any cause by 46 percent. The data was obtained from real-world sources, such as medical records, claims databases and national registers. Most patients were taking Farxiga or Invokana with less than 10 percent on Jardiance. The comparator medicines included a wide variety of diabetes treatments, including metformin, DPP-4 inhibitors, such as Merck & Co's Januvia, and insulin, among others. The vast majority of patients had no history of heart disease. But heart disease is the number one killer of people with diabetes, and mounting evidence of heart protective qualities of SGLT-2 drugs could lead to greater use. "This class has a real potential of improving patient outcomes," Kosiborod said. Given the observational nature of the study the possibility of unmeasured confounding factors exists, researchers noted. More than 400 million people worldwide have diabetes, of whom at least 90 percent have type 2. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) Next In Top News Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade ISLAMABAD Chinese, Saudi and Turkish troops for the first time joined the Pakistan Day parade in the capital Islamabad on Thursday, in a sign of deepening ties. Stage set for Dharamsala's blockbuster test debut NEW DELHI With India and Australia clashing in a winner-takes-all finale to an enthralling series, the picturesque town of Dharamsala in the Himalayan foothills could hardly have asked for a better debut as a test venue. Finance minister calls banks to discuss new facility to drain cash MUMBAI The finance ministry has called bankers into a meeting on Friday to discuss setting up a new facility to absorb surplus cash in the banking system, according to a letter sent to heads of lenders seen by Reuters on Thursday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick British police arrest seven in parliament attack probe Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study By Bill Berkrot ReutersMarch 19, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share By Bill Berkrot WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A newer class of type 2 diabetes drugs significantly cut the risk of death and hospitalization for heart failure compared with other medicines for the disease, according to data released on Sunday from a so-called real world study sponsored by AstraZeneca. The drugs, known as SGLT-2 inhibitors, work by removing blood sugar via the urine and include Astra's Farxiga, Jardiance from Eli Lilly and Co and Boehringer Ingelheim, and Invokana from Johnson & Johnson. Jardiance caused a stir in 2015, when a clinical trial conducted to reassure it does not cause heart problems instead showed it reduced the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure or death from heart failure by 39 percent in high risk patients. The heart benefit has since been incorporated into Jardiance's label. AstraZeneca is conducting its own large clinical trials to determine the heart effect of Farxiga with results expected in 2019. But the latest data presented by Dr. Mikhail Kosiborod at the American College of Cardiology scientific meeting in Washington appears to indicate that heart protection is not limited to Jardiance. "The fact that the results are remarkably consistent from country to country regardless of which compound predominates, that certainly seems to suggest that it's a class effect," said Kosiborod, a cardiologist from Saint Luke's Mid America Heart Institute in Kansas City. He noted that most Americans in the data were taking Invokana, while Farxiga was dominant in Europe. The study, which analyzed data from more than 300,000 type 2 diabetes patients collected from six countries, found the SGLT-2 drugs slashed the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure and death from any cause by 46 percent. The data was obtained from real-world sources, such as medical records, claims databases and national registers. Most patients were taking Farxiga or Invokana with less than 10 percent on Jardiance. The comparator medicines included a wide variety of diabetes treatments, including metformin, DPP-4 inhibitors, such as Merck & Co's Januvia, and insulin, among others. The vast majority of patients had no history of heart disease. But heart disease is the number one killer of people with diabetes, and mounting evidence of heart protective qualities of SGLT-2 drugs could lead to greater use. "This class has a real potential of improving patient outcomes," Kosiborod said. Given the observational nature of the study the possibility of unmeasured confounding factors exists, researchers noted. More than 400 million people worldwide have diabetes, of whom at least 90 percent have type 2. (This story has been refiled to add word in last paragraph) (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Donald Trump Jr sparks storm over terror comments made by London Mayor Sadiq Khan 2480 messages4%61%35% The Wraith Black Badge sets a new standard for Rolls-Royce 7 messages0%60%40% London terror attack: Watch the moment three shots were fired after attacker stabbed police officer 2521 messages5%66%29% Hot air balloons over Turkey's Cappadocia Intelligence committee chair reignites wiretapping scandal 14 messages0%68%32% Texas Teacher, 27, Accused of Improper Relationship with 17-Year-Old Male Student 1969 messages7%74%19% Sophie Simmons Calls Katey Sagal ‘Low’ for Revealing Dad Gene’s Affair 2449 messages3%82%15% 'GMA' Deals and Steals on must-have beauty products 1 messages0%50%50% Attack outside the Houses of Parliament in London 341 messages5%69%26% Now you can use Facebook Livestream from your desktop Aaron Rodgers' Green Bay house is for sale, and you might even be able to afford it! 189 messages5%82%13% 8 arrested over 'sick' terror attack in London that killed 4, including attacker 1205 messages2%69%29% Val Kilmer’s Twitter Feed Is a Hidden Gem of Bizarre, Star-Studded Stories 123 messages13%73%14% Photos of the day - March 22, 2017 21 messages3%81%16% A new twist on the classic 'Wizard of Oz' tale 3 messages0%50%50% A teen made a website where kittens punch Trump. So, Trump unleashed his lawyers. 8071 messages5%59%36% US President's Son Faces Backlash After Criticizing London Mayor TEEDUB: So living in a major city includes terrorism and we are to accept that as the new normal? I believe Don Jr., as much as you HATERS want him to be wrong, maybe right. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 69
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' Rupee hits 1-1/2 yr high Note ban: 18 lakh accounts under IT lens 'Wife ousted me from ShopClues' Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study HEART-ASTRAZENECA/DIABETES (CORRECTED):REFILE-Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in studyReuters | Updated: Mar 20, 2017, 12.20 AM IST (Adds word in last paragraph) By Bill Berkrot WASHINGTON, March 19 (Reuters) - A newer class of type 2 diabetes drugs significantly cut the risk of death and hospitalization for heart failure compared with other medicines for the disease, according to data released on Sunday from a so-called real world study sponsored by AstraZeneca. The drugs, known as SGLT-2 inhibitors, work by removing blood sugar via the urine and include Astra's Farxiga, Jardiance from Eli Lilly and Co and Boehringer Ingelheim, and Invokana from Johnson & Johnson. Jardiance caused a stir in 2015, when a clinical trial conducted to reassure it does not cause heart problems instead showed it reduced the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure or death from heart failure by 39 percent in high risk patients. The heart benefit has since been incorporated into Jardiance's label. AstraZeneca is conducting its own large clinical trials to determine the heart effect of Farxiga with results expected in 2019. But the latest data presented by Dr. Mikhail Kosiborod at the American College of Cardiology scientific meeting in Washington appears to indicate that heart protection is not limited to Jardiance. "The fact that the results are remarkably consistent from country to country regardless of which compound predominates, that certainly seems to suggest that it's a class effect," said Kosiborod, a cardiologist from Saint Luke's Mid America Heart Institute in Kansas City. He noted that most Americans in the data were taking Invokana, while Farxiga was dominant in Europe. The study, which analyzed data from more than 300,000 type 2 diabetes patients collected from six countries, found the SGLT-2 drugs slashed the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure and death from any cause by 46 percent. The data was obtained from real-world sources, such as medical records, claims databases and national registers. Most patients were taking Farxiga or Invokana with less than 10 percent on Jardiance. The comparator medicines included a wide variety of diabetes treatments, including metformin, DPP-4 inhibitors, such as Merck & Co's Januvia, and insulin, among others. The vast majority of patients had no history of heart disease. But heart disease is the number one killer of people with diabetes, and mounting evidence of heart protective qualities of SGLT-2 drugs could lead to greater use. "This class has a real potential of improving patient outcomes," Kosiborod said. Given the observational nature of the study the possibility of unmeasured confounding factors exists, researchers noted. More than 400 million people worldwide have diabetes, of whom at least 90 percent have type 2. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter MILAAP Surprising Way to Look Up Birth Records Ancestry Psoriasis: What Triggers Symptoms and How Are They Treated.. WebMD More from The Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab From the Web More From The Times of India 5-year-old needs help to pay for transplant!MILAAP Top 10 upcoming smartphones in March 2017GADGETSUNION 10 most popular reincarnation films of BollywoodBOLLYWOODUNION Bollywood movies based on real life eventsCRITICSUNION Highest Paid Actors in BollywoodBOLLYWOODUNION David and Rohit Dhawan: Jodi No. 1 This art do was all about the cryptic side of women Traffic situation at Sahara Darwaja deteriorates Divorce rate high in love marriages: HC Royal Enfield races past Harley-Davidson in global sales ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Yogi Adityanath to be UP Chief Minister, to take oath tomorrow How Trivendra Rawat pulled ahead of heavyweights on path to power Digvijaya should retire from politics, says former Goa Congress MLA Vishwajit Rane Meal Kit Skeptic? I Was Until I Tried Plated... Ad: Spoon University for Plated Exclusive US NRI payment plan. Pay 20% now and 80% on Poss Ad: Kanakia Group Myntra launches first offline store in Bengaluru Flipkart-owned online fashion retailer Myntra launched its first offline store in Bengaluru. The retail store is called Roadster which the company claims is their top selling private label brand. Govt finalising contours to deal with bad loan mess PMO India, RBI, and Finance Ministry are finalising contours to deal with bad loan mess, said government sources. From around the Web Help This Pastor save his 4-yr-old Daughter! Milaap 10 awesome gadgets you can buy on Amazon under $40 BabyAxis Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas Movies that grossed over 100 crores in 2016 BOLLYWOODUNION More From The Times of India Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India Times of India Sports Calendar 2016 - Times of India Times of India Editing lessons for Kangana - Times of India Times of India Read MoreWashingtonsaint luke s mid america heart instituteReutersphil berlowitzmikhail kosiborod Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners New Zealand/Australia Morning Call-Global markets New Zealand/Australia Morning Call-Global markets Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study Euro zone's Dijsselbloem calls for ESM to be turned into a European IMF 1Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study 2New Zealand/Australia Morning Call-Global markets 3New Zealand/Australia Morning Call-Global markets 4Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study 5Euro zone's Dijsselbloem calls for ESM to be turned into a European IMF Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Jat quota Yogi Adityanath UP CM Dinesh Sharma Ind vs Aus 3rd Test New UP CM Live: India vs Australia Narendra Modi Jat Agitation postponed Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web UP CM Live: India vs Australia Jat Protest Yogi Adityanath Breaking News India vs Aus 2017 Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics Live Cricket Score Trivendra Singh Rawat Yogi Adityanath Jat Andolan 2017 UP CM Goa Congress Box Office Collection Sunny Leone Aishwarya father funeral Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Yogi Adityanath Trivendra Singh Rawat Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Health Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study Shares1 Sun, 19 Mar 2017-11:56pm , Reuters A newer class of type 2 diabetes drugs significantly cut the risk of death and hospitalization for heart failure compared with other medicines for the disease, according to data released on Sunday from a so-called real world study sponsored by AstraZeneca. The drugs, known as SGLT-2 inhibitors, work by removing blood sugar via the urine and include Astra's Farxiga, Jardiance from Eli Lilly and Co and Boehringer Ingelheim, and Invokana from Johnson & Johnson. Jardiance caused a stir in 2015, when a clinical trial conducted to reassure it does not cause heart problems instead showed it reduced the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure or death from heart failure by 39 percent in high risk patients. The heart benefit has since been incorporated into Jardiance's label. AstraZeneca is conducting its own large clinical trials to determine the heart effect of Farxiga with results expected in 2019. But the latest data presented by Dr. Mikhail Kosiborod at the American College of Cardiology scientific meeting in Washington appears to indicate that heart protection is not limited to Jardiance. "The fact that the results are remarkably consistent from country to country regardless of which compound predominates, that certainly seems to suggest that it's a class effect," said Kosiborod, a cardiologist from Saint Luke's Mid America Heart Institute in Kansas City. He noted that most Americans in the data were taking Invokana, while Farxiga was dominant in Europe. The study, which analyzed data from more than 300,000 type 2 diabetes patients collected from six countries, found the SGLT-2 drugs slashed the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure and death from any cause by 46 percent. The data was obtained from real-world sources, such as medical records, claims databases and national registers. Most patients were taking Farxiga or Invokana with less than 10 percent on Jardiance. The comparator medicines included a wide variety of diabetes treatments, including metformin, DPP-4 inhibitors, such as Merck & Co's Januvia, and insulin, among others. The vast majority of patients had no history of heart disease. But heart disease is the number one killer of people with diabetes, and mounting evidence of heart protective qualities of SGLT-2 drugs could lead to greater use. "This class has a real potential of improving patient outcomes," Kosiborod said. Given the observational nature of the study the possibility of unmeasured confounding factors exists, researchers noted. More than 400 million people worldwide have diabetes, of whom at least have 90 percent type 2. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Health Rajya Sabha passes bill to ensure rights of HIV/AIDS patients Lifestyle Balancing act of being one with mind, body and soul Health Mumbai's 1st heart donee turns a year older Lifestyle Father of two recounts emotional toll of recovering from a stroke Health Nurturing your body with the right food: Onions, cabbage and brinjal are lower in pesticide content Health Foods that will boost stamina and charge you Next Article > Bengal get massive boost as Mohammed Shami will play Vijay Hazare final against Tamil Nadu Next node Bengal get massive boost as Mohammed Shami will play Vijay Hazare final against Tamil Nadu Related Astra, Lilly stick with Alzheimer's approach despite setback Aspirin may turbo-charge cancer immunotherapy: New breakthrough study Novartis, Amgen join forces to fight Alzheimer's disease Video It's time to end gender stereotyping roles for parenting! Watch: Unrepentant, Shiv Sena MP admits to beating Air India staff 25 times with his slipper! Anushka Sharma and Diljit Dosanjh REVEAL secrets playing 'Never Have I Ever' with DNA! View all Tags AstraZeneca American College of Cardiology Boehringer Ingelheim Eli Lilly Europe Johnson & Johnson Washington Invokana American College Eli Lilly and Co Kansas City SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Gaikwad writes to Aviation Minsiter, LS Speaker justifying his assault on AI staffer When the House met again, Vaghela maintained that the Siemens wins order from Bangladesh Rural Electrification Board Serial offender: Slipper-wielding Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad tried to force-feed a Muslim caterer on Ramazan Princess Park residents asked to vacate homes for war memorial Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Jadeja's performance key for Gujarat Lions' success: Bansal Federation Cup football to be held in Odisha May 7-21 Entertainment Piracy, TV telecast of films biggest concern for producers Telugu film producer, Daggubati Suresh Babu, says that I don't consider myself a tech-savvy person: Deepika Padukone Wait, WHAT?? Hazel Keech RUBBISHES rumours of her and Yuvraj Singh doing 'Nach Baliye 8' Shaleen Bhanot BREAKS SILENCE on ex-wife Dalljiet Kaur's SHOCKING allegations against him! Money Airtel to acquire Tikona Networks' 4G biz for about Rs 1,600cr Finmin, bankers to meet on utilising excess liquidity Govt sanctions Rs 5,021 crore to 10 states hit by disasters Singh said under the Comprehensive Telecom Development Nod to convert 57,500 km state highways into NHs: Govt Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360 Market Updates Tweet   World Alopecia Drugs Market 2016-2020: Research Report with detailed analysis on Key Vendors, Segmentation, Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares & Forecast to 2020 The Alopecia Drugs Market report provides an in-depth analysis with current and future trends to clarify the forthcoming investment in the market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 19, 2017 ) Global Alopecia Drugs market report shares information regarding key drivers, challenges and trends with impact analysis. Quantitative analysis of the current market and estimations through 20162020 are provided to showcase the financial appetency of the Alopecia Drugs industry. Experts forecast Global Alopecia Drugs Market is expected to grow at 5.02% CAGR during the period 2016-2020. Alopecia is a loss of hair and can occur at any age across the genders. The exact cause of this disorder is unknown, but many factors are assumed to be responsible for developing alopecia. Few of the primary ones are a sedentary lifestyle, unhealthy diets, and side effects of certain medical treatments. Moreover, hormonal imbalance and aging increase the probability of developing a chronic disease like cancer, arthritis, depression, and hypertension, which would also lead to hair loss, especially among middle-to-late-aged people. Alopecia Drugs Market Report Covered: Opportunity of the Alopecia Drugs market Market research methodology Market landscape Market segmentation by type Geographical segmentation Market drivers Market challenges Market trends Alopecia Drugs Market Vendors landscape List of Exhibits And continued Get Sample PDF @ <||>rnhttp://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10366335 Alopecia Drugs Market Drivers: Lifestyle changes Popularity of off-label and OTC drugs High uptake of approved therapies For a full, detailed list, view our report Alopecia Drugs Market Challenges: Poor patient adherence Preference for alternative therapies Limited approved therapies For a full, detailed list, view our report Alopecia Drugs Market Trends: Focus on regenerative medicines Emergence of laser technology and PRP therapy Launch of new products For a full, detailed list, view our report Global Alopecia Drugs Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and restraints for the key players & their impact. Key Vendors of Alopecia Drugs Market: GlaxoSmithKline Johnson & Johnson Merck And many more Alopecia Drugs market report provides key statistics on the market status of the Alopecia Drugs manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the Alopecia Drugs industry. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Alopecia Drugs Market Research Report @ <||>rnhttp://www.360marketupdates.com/10366335 Geographical Regions of Alopecia Drugs Market: Americas APAC EMEA Alopecia Drugs Market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Alopecia Drugs industry. Price of Report: $2500 (Single User License) Purchase Report @ <||>rnhttps://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10366335 Global Alopecia Drugs market report 2016-2020 explains in depth information about market development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Alopecia Drugs industry before evaluating its possibility. About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Sales Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360 Market Updates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Pittsburgh City Paper   Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account Things to Read Things to Do Watch+Listen Fun+Free Best of PGH Browse Things to Read Blogs News & Features Special Issues & Guides CP Longform Music Visual Arts Books Theater & Dance Food & Drink Movie Reviews Sports Views Issue Archives Browse Things to Do Short List Music Listings Critics' Picks Event Listings Dining Guide City Guide CP Happs App Submit an Event Listing Browse Watch+Listen Lynn Cullen Live City Paper Podcast Sound Bite Five Minutes in Food History FFW>> CP TV Slideshows Audio Archives FAQ412 Browse Fun+Free Win Free Stuff Job Search Daily Rundown Sign Up Burgh Bargains Browse Best of PGH Food & Drink Culture & Night Life Goods & Services People & Places Archives | RSS Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Friday, June 24, 2016 Health Health professionals tell Allegheny County to make HPV vaccine mandatory Posted By Ashley Murray on Fri, Jun 24, 2016 at 3:06 PM This week, the Allegheny County Department of Health, along with Allegheny County Council members, heard testimony in support of and against — but mostly in support — making the HPV vaccine mandatory for children, both boys and girls, ages 11 and 12. Human papillomavirus, or HPV, is the most common sexually transmitted disease, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which along with the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends the three-dose (over a period of six months) vaccine at that age, meaning before kids generally become sexually active. More than 25 speakers — including doctors, researchers, executives from health-care foundations, high school students, cancer survivors and even a dentist — addressed Dr. Karen Hacker, head of the Allegheny County Health Department, and council members. Dr. Liz Miller, director of community health at Children's Hospital at Pittsburgh and a professor of pediatrics at the University of Pittsburgh's School of Medicine, called the vaccine mandate "critically important" for "bridging the gap" in parts of Allegheny County where parents might not be educated on HPV, or where access to primary care is less likely. "The HPV vaccine is frankly a no-brainer," she said. According to the CDC, in most cases HPV will go away on its own. But when it doesn't, it can cause genital warts and cancers, including cervical cancer, cancer of the vulva, vagina, penis or anus. Cancer caused by HPV can also manifest itself in the throat, tongue and tonsils. Currently the vaccine is mandatory for school entry in Rhode Island, Virginia and Washington, D.C. "We have spoken with all three states to better understand their perspectives and experience," Hacker wrote in an email to City Paper. She says the vaccine is covered by most health-insurance plans and is included in the Affordable Care Act's preventive measures. John Rhodes, a 50-year-old assistant basketball coach for the Duquesne University Dukes, testified as a throat- and neck-cancer survivor. He called himself a "6-foot-9 walking billboard" for the HPV vaccine. He has been in remission for seven months after being treated for stage-four cancer that settled in his lymph nodes and was caused by HPV.  "My kids are vaccinated," he said. "As a coach and a competitive person, I challenge you [to mandate the vaccine]." Several doctors shared concern for the pain and complications their patients feel once they are diagnosed with a cancer caused by HPV. Dr. Umamaheswar Duvvuri, a head- and neck-cancer surgeon at UPMC and the local VA hospital, told the crowd about his 55-year-old male patient from Dubois, Pa., who found a lump on his neck. "I spent the day removing a large portion of this man's tongue," he said. "That could've been prevented." After the meeting, he explained that he and colleagues will be operating on six patients and treating four others for "oropharyngeal" cancers — head and neck cancers — and that those types of cancers are predicted to rise by 2020. Sixteen-year-old Sydney Reyes, of Riverview Junior-Senior High School, addressed another common argument against the vaccine — that it will encourage sexual promiscuity in teenagers. "This assumption can be resolved by having a proper discussion with your teen, not by blocking a vaccination," Reyes said. "Why should we risk a life like this when we really don't have to?" A few speakers against the vaccine mandate expressed their concerns to the councilors. A parent named Amy Rafferty read a letter from a friend whose daughter allegedly suffered severe hypertonia — muscles spasms — to the point where she couldn't walk anymore after receiving Gardasil, the HPV vaccine from Merck. James Lyons-Weiler, who formerly worked at the Hillman Cancer Center and who started his own research group entitled the "Institute for Pure and Applied Knowledge," told the crowd he was concerned that the current vaccine would allow for stronger virus strains to attack humans in the future. Yesterday, Lyons-Weiler posted a 3,000-word essay on his blog denouncing the medical professionals who asked Allegheny County to mandate the vaccine. He also mentioned that he met Rafferty because she organized the local screening of VAXXED — an anti-vaccine documentary that was kicked off the Tribeca Film Festival schedule, and which City Paper's film critic Al Hoff said came "across as an infomercial by way of a conspiracy theory for a discredited argument." Speakers who followed opponents of the vaccine mandate contradicted their arguments. Hacker says the comments gathered at the hearing will be presented to the board of health in July. "They wanted us to consider what the public felt [about an HPV-vaccine mandate]," Hacker said by phone today.  If the board decides to recommend a mandate, a public-comment period would follow. Editor's note: This post has been udpated to include comments from Dr. Karen Hacker. Tags: HPV, vaccines, Allegheny County, health, news, Image « Advocates ask Port Authority of All…  |  National revitalization conference… » Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Speaking of... Columbus, Ohio-based podcast Street Fight Radio brings its leftist comedy — and the Chapo Trap House podcast — to Spirit Mar 15, 2017 Despite changing infrastructure needs in the Mon Valley, the Mon-Fayette Expressway refuses to die Mar 8, 2017 Wylie Holdings has cashed in on Lawrenceville’s revitalization, but is it being a good neighbor? Feb 15, 2017 More » More Blogh » Latest in Blogh PETA marks World Water Day with demonstration in Downtown Pittsburgh Mar 22, 2017 A new incubator in Pittsburgh, FUTUREMAKERS Labs, debuts at Kelly-Strayhorn Theater Mar 22, 2017 Bike-advocacy group survey says cyclists support driverless-car testing in Pittsburgh Mar 22, 2017 More »   Sort Oldest to Newest Newest to Oldest Most Liked Comments (14) Showing 1-14 of 14 Add a comment   Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Showing 1-14 of 14 Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread CityPaper Social Media Facebook Pittsburgh CityPaper Twitter PGHCityPaper Instagram Snapchat YouTube RSS Pittsburgh Citypaper Newsletter Subscriptions Listings Events Music Dining Bars -All Dates- Thursday, March 23 Friday, March 24 Saturday, March 25 Sunday, March 26 Monday, March 27 Tuesday, March 28 Wednesday, March 29 Thursday, March 30 Friday, March 31 Saturday, April 1 Sunday, April 2 Monday, April 3 Tuesday, April 4 Wednesday, April 5 Thursday, April 6 Friday, April 7 Saturday, April 8 Sunday, April 9 Monday, April 10 Tuesday, April 11 Wednesday, April 12 Thursday, April 13 Friday, April 14 Saturday, April 15 Sunday, April 16 Monday, April 17 Tuesday, April 18 Wednesday, April 19 Thursday, April 20 Friday, April 21 Saturday, April 22 -All Categories- ARTS & COMMUNITY   Auditions   Comedy   Dance   Exhibits   Festivals   Fundraisers   Holiday   Kidstuff   Literary   Other Stuff   Outside   Politics   Special   Submissions   Theater   Visual Art   Volunteers -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople Submit an event -All Dates- Thursday, March 23 Friday, March 24 Saturday, March 25 Sunday, March 26 Monday, March 27 Tuesday, March 28 Wednesday, March 29 Thursday, March 30 Friday, March 31 Saturday, April 1 Sunday, April 2 Monday, April 3 Tuesday, April 4 Wednesday, April 5 Thursday, April 6 Friday, April 7 Saturday, April 8 Sunday, April 9 Monday, April 10 Tuesday, April 11 Wednesday, April 12 Thursday, April 13 Friday, April 14 Saturday, April 15 Sunday, April 16 Monday, April 17 Tuesday, April 18 Wednesday, April 19 Thursday, April 20 Friday, April 21 Saturday, April 22 -All Categories- Acoustic Blues Classical Country DJs Easy Listening/Oldies Hip Hop/R&B Holiday Music Jazz Open Stage Other Music Reggae Rock/Pop World -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople Submit an event -All Categories- RESTAURANTS   American   Asian   Bakery   Barbecue   Breakfast   Brew Pub   Cafe/Coffeehouse   Cambodian   Caribbean   Celtic/Irish   Chinese   Continental   Deli/Sandwich Shop   Delivery   Ethiopian   French   German   Greek/Middle Eastern   Ice Cream and Dessert   Indian   Italian   Japanese   Korean   Latin American   Mexican   Pizza   Polish   Pub Grub   Quick Bites   Seafood   Southern Cuisine   Spanish   Steakhouse   Thai   Vegan/Vegetarian   Vietnamese CULTURE & ENTERTAINMENT   Art gallery   Bar/club   Bookstore   Coffeehouse   Comedy club   Dance club   Exhibition space   Lecture/performance hall   Live theater   Movie theater   Museum   Music venue   Strip club   Wineries, Distilleries, and Breweries COMMUNITY & PUBLIC PLACES   College/university   Hotel   Kids' activities   Library   Park/outdoors -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople DAILY RUNDOWN Sign up for Daily Rundown and get the freshest content sent right to your inbox. Subscribe CP TV Two world class sumo wrestlers face off for charity at Stage AE More CP TV » Digital Issues This Week... Special Issues 2016 City Guide 2016 Dining Guide 2016 Holiday Guide Magazine Locations Read Past Issues Advertise | Archives | Contact Us | Join our Street Team | Freelance/Intern | Comments/Privacy Policy | Subscriptions | RSS Feed © 2017 Pittsburgh City Paper Website powered by Foundation National Advertising by VMG Advertising
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Antidiarrheal Drugs Market to Incur Rapid Extension by 2020 The Antidiarrheal Drugs Market report provides in-depth analysis of parent market trends, macro-economic indicators and governing factors along with market attractiveness as per segments. The report also maps the qualitative impact of various market factors on market segments and geographies. Pharmaceutical sector is growing at a significant rate globally due to increase in the prevalence of diseases, rise in aging population and improvement in the healthcare facilities. Gastrointestinal drugs may be classified on the basis of different active ingredients used in it. Antidiarrheal drugs refer to a class of drugs that are used to treat diarrhea. Antidiarrheal drugs market is growing at a significant rate globally due to increasing incidence of diarrhea and growing awareness in this field. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3325 North America, followed by Europe, dominates the global market for antidiarrheal drugs due to high prevalence of diarrhea cases and high adoption rate for antidiarrheal drugs. Asia is expected to experience high growth rate in the next few years in global antidiarrheal drugs market. China and India are expected to be the fastest growing antidiarrheal drugs markets in Asia. Some of the key driving forces for antidiarrheal drugs market in emerging countries are large pool of patients, increasing awareness and improvement in the healthcare facilities. Various factors that are driving the global antidiarrheal drugs market are growing awareness for antidiarrheal drugs, rising government initiatives for improvement in healthcare facilities and increasing prevalence for diarrhea cases. However, various side effects associated with the uptake of antidiarrheal drugs, such as constipation, fullness and bloating are restraining the global antidiarrheal drugs market. In addition, traditional and home remedies are still popular in emerging countries; this restrains the antidiarrheal drugs market from growing. Emerging countries hold a good potential for the global antidiarrheal drugs market. Discovery of some antidiarrheal drugs with less side effects is expected to offer good opportunity for global antidiarrheal drugs market. Decrease in the efficacy of other medicine if taken along with antidiarrheal drug is a challenge faced by antidiarrheal drugs market. Some of the latest trends that have been observed in the global antidiarrheal drugs market include companies involved in geographical expansions and implementing various strategies for setting their brand. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/3325 Some of the major companies dealing in global antidiarrheal drugs are Johnson & Johnsons, Novartis, GlaxoSmithKline and Proctor & Gamble Pharmaceuticals. Some other companies with significant presence in the antidiarrheal drugs market are Sanofi Aventis, Pfizer, Merck & Co. and Bayer. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAntidiarrheal, Antidiarrheal Drugs, Antidiarrheal Drugs Market, Business, Companies, Drugs Market, Google News, Home and Garden, intelligence, major, Markets, Pharmaceutical sector, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Epson Disrupts High Performance Corporate Printer Market with New WorkForce Color A3 Multifunction Printers Next PostNext KongZhong Corporation Announces Shareholders’ Approval of Merger Agreement Search Recent Posts IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen Hill International Announces Update to Anticipated Closing Date of Construction Claims Group Sale PokerVision TV to pilot “Streamboat” Cell Command, Inc.’s Cell Warden® is the Only 100% Solution for the FCC to Eliminate Contraband Cell Phones Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
