WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox PM Four Biotech Picks Ahead of Earnings Incyte, Regeneron, Tesaro and Vertex are favored. Gilead and Seattle Genetics are viewed neutrally. April 26, 2017 3:34 p.m. ET Guggenheim Securities We have collected prescription trends and updated our models for the first-quarter and full-year estimate of a number of mid-cap biotechnology companies within our universe. Importantly, we highlight below a collection of thoughts, concerns and focus from investors for whom we have visited or spoken with most... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. New Competitor Should Make Under Armour Sweat Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 3 Big Banks Poised to Trade Sharply Higher Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Two Years with an Apple Watch: Our Review Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Trump Serves Up a Back of The Napkin Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. 5 Income-Rich Stocks With Growth Potential Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 5 Smart Ways to Use Your Tax Refund 2 Should Whole Foods Sell Out? 3 Confidence Grows Around Amazon Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search NCHS: Character of Uninsured Population Changing Higher Opioid Dose May Mean Worse Outcomes: Pharmacy Practice News Report iMedicalApps.com: New Medical-Grade Smartwatch Announced cme/ce Medical Pot Laws Seen Boosting Non-Medical Cannabis Use CardioBrief: Serious Questions Raised About Validity Of International Trials LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Endocrinology cme/ce TECOS: Sitagliptin Safe in CKD Patients Sub-analysis in patients with chronic kidney disease and T2DM raised no safety concerns MedpageToday savesaved register today Earn Free CME Credits by reading the latest medical news in your specialty.sign up by Jeff Minerd Jeff Minerd Contributing Writer, MedPage Today April 26, 2017 This article is a collaboration between MedPage Today® and: Action Points Note that this secondary analysis of a clinical trial evaluating sitagliptin for the treatment of diabetes found that the drug did not lead to higher adverse events compared with placebo among patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Overall, those with CKD randomized to the sitagliptin arm had a significantly reduced rate of decline of estimated glomerular filtration rate. Three-year safety outcomes with sitagliptin (Januvia) in patients with type 2 diabetes and chronic kidney disease (CKD) were no different than with placebo, according to data from a large cardiovascular outcomes trial. While diabetic patients with CKD tended to fare worse overall than their counterparts without CKD, use of sitagliptin was well tolerated in this patient population and raised no safety concerns, said researchers led by Samuel Engel, MD, of Merck Research Laboratories in Kenilworth, N.J., the drug's manufacturer. Engel and colleagues performed a sub-analysis focusing on patients with CKD from the Trial Evaluating Cardiovascular Outcomes with Sitagliptin (TECOS). Patients with CKD had twice the risk for all serious adverse events compared with non-CKD patients (risk difference 2.04; 95% CI 0.73-3.41; P=0.002), the researchers wrote online in Diabetes, Obesity and Metabolism. However, among CKD patients only, those on sitagliptin had no significantly increased risk for all serious adverse events compared with those on placebo (RD -0.83; 95% CI -3.23 to 1.56; P=0.4946). Sitagliptin is a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor, a class of drugs that works by prolonging the action of the incretin hormones glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP), leading to improved glycemic control, the investigators explained. "With the increasing prevalence and longevity of patients with both type 2 diabetes and CKD, the need for long-term data on the safety of glucose-lowering therapies in this population has become increasingly compelling. DPP-4 inhibitors have been demonstrated to be efficacious and generally well-tolerated in patients with CKD, but most clinical trials involving CKD patients have been conducted for ≤1 year and have not focused specifically on the more vulnerable population of patients who are at high cardiovascular risk. "This further analysis of the TECOS data examines safety outcomes in a type 2 diabetes population with existing cardiovascular disease, looking specifically at those with CKD allocated to sitagliptin or placebo with 9,641 person-years' follow-up over a median of 3.0 years." The TECOS trial enrolled more than 14,000 participants with type 2 diabetes and at risk for cardiovascular disease. from 2008 to 2012. Of these patients, more than 3,000 also had CKD. Patients were age 50 or older; had atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; and had glycated hemoglobin values of 6.5% to 8.0% on therapy with metformin, pioglitazone, sulfonylureas, insulin, or a combination of these drugs. Patients were randomized to sitagliptin or placebo and followed for a median of 2.8 years. Engel and colleagues compared safety data in the cohort of patients with CKD versus those without, and then compared safety data in patients with CKD assigned to sitagliptin or placebo. Key results of the analysis in patients with CKD included the following: The most common serious adverse event were neoplasms, which occurred in 4.8% of those on sitagliptin and 6% of those on placebo (RD -1.25; 95% CI -2.82 to 0.29; P=0.1116) Severe hypoglycemia occurred in 3.4% of sitagliptin patients and 3.3% of placebo patients (RD 0.16; 95% CI -1.08 to 1.40) Peripheral artery disease occurred in 3.9% of sitagliptin patients versus 3% of placebo patients (RD 0.82; 95% CI -0.43 to 2.09; P=0.1953) Renal failure occurred in 3.3% of sitagliptin patients versus 3.6% of placebo patients (RD -0.33; 95% CI -1.59 to 0.93; P=0.6068) Hospitalization for diabetes complications occurred in 5% of sitagliptin patients and 5.2% of placebo patients (RD -0.21; 95% CI -1.72 to 1.29; P=0.7818). While the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) declined modestly in both the treatment and placebo groups, the decline was slower in the sitagliptin group, with a statistically significant difference of -1.34 mL/min per 1.73m2. Limitations of the study, the researchers noted, include that the TECOS trial did not include CKD patients with end-stage renal disease. In addition, since the study did not include patients with glycated hemoglobin higher than 8%, the results may not apply to CKD patients with more severe hyperglycemia. Finally, this analysis of safety data did not include the cardiovascular endpoints of the main trial. "Participants in TECOS with CKD had higher incidences of serious adverse events and diabetes complications than those without CKD. Treatment with sitagliptin was generally well tolerated with no meaningful differences observed in safety outcomes between those with CKD assigned sitagliptin or placebo," the investigators concluded. The study was funded by Merck, and Engel is an employee of Merck. Reviewed by F. Perry Wilson, MD, MSCE Assistant Professor, Section of Nephrology, Yale School of Medicine and Dorothy Caputo, MA, BSN, RN, Nurse Planner 2017-04-26T15:00:00-0400 Primary Source Diabetes, Obesity and Metabolism Source Reference: Engel SS et al "Safety of sitagliptin in patients with type 2 diabetes and chronic kidney disease: outcomes from TECOS" Diabetes, Obesity and Metabolism 2017; DOI: 10.1111/dom.12983. take posttest 0 comments More in Endocrinology TECOS: Sitagliptin Safe in CKD Patients Diabetes-Education Link Partly Explained Diabetes Deaths Decline in Sweden Diabetes Rates Rising Fastest Among Minority Youth About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck cholesterol drug Vytorin faces competition from Impax, Teva generics By Reuters Published: 17:10 EDT, 26 April 2017 | Updated: 17:10 EDT, 26 April 2017 e-mail April 26 (Reuters) - Merck &amp; Co's cholesterol-reducing drug Vytorin faces competition for the first time ever after two companies announced progress on their generic versions of a drug that generated more than $1 billion in sales last year. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday approved Impax Laboratories Inc's generic version of Vytorin, while Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd launched its generic version of the drug in the United States. Impax said it will immediately start commercialization for its generic version of Vytorin. Vytorin is a combination product that includes the drugs ezetimibe and simvastatin, sold under the brand names Zocor and Zetia. Zocor lost patent protection in 2006 and Zetia, which generated 2016 sales of $2.6 billion, lost patent protection on Tuesday. In general, revenue from branded products falls by 90 percent once multiple generics hit the market. Vytorin currently costs about $300 for a supply of 30 tablets. Merck faces generic competition this year not only to Vytorin and Zetia, but also to its antibiotic Cubicin and its Nasonex nasal spray in the United States and for its arthritis drug Remicade in Europe. The company is betting it will ultimately offset those losses with other drugs, including its cancer drug Keytruda, which is approved for certain patients with non-small cell lung cancer and melanoma and is being tested in a range of other cancers as well. Merck in February issued a 2017 profit forecast that was in line with Wall Street expectations. Impax shares gained 2.8 percent to $14.40 in trading after the bell on Wednesday. Teva and Merck shares were little changed. (Reporting by Toni Clarke in Washington and Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kim Kardashian flaunts cleavage and curvaceous figure in cropped top and bikini bottoms while poolside in Mexico Another pool look 'Photoshop, Photoshop and more Photoshop': Kylie Jenner blasted by fans after she posted 'edited' image of her tiny waist in Puma underpants PICTURED: Cheryl puts the lavish home she shared with ex-husband on the market for £5million as she focuses on new life with Liam Payne 'There is no fighting': Janet Jackson and estranged husband Wissam Al Mana 'trust each other' Will amicably co-parent their newborn son Eissa Kate Wright shares a very busty throwback from recent trip to Ibiza... after QUITTING The Only Way Is Essex as her 'romance' with Rio Ferdinand heats up Time for tea! Afternoon tea is BACK, and here are the yummiest cakes making it 2017's most delicious trend SPONSORED Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian puts underboob on display AGAIN in navy bikini while jet skiing in Mexico Celebrating her birthday Ferne McCann talks childbirth during cameo on The Mummy Diaries... filmed BEFORE she revealed she was pregnant by her acid attack suspect ex Time for a booty workout! Make-up free Kim Kardashian swaps eye-popping bikinis for fitness gear on girls' trip to Mexico It's a cover up Bikini-clad Amber Turner puts on a sizzling display alongside a glam Megan McKenna to film for TOWIE's series finale... as fans call for her to be SACKED Red hot! Pregnant Beyonce accentuates bump in sultry crimson gown for intimate Polaroids from star-studded dinner party Due date is approaching Chrissy Teigen and John Legend take hand-in-hand stroll... after revealing his family will join him on tour Their year-old daughter Luna is coming! Fishing for compliments? Khloe Kardashian rocks unusual cut-out jeans to show off her fishnet-clad physique Missing out on girls' trip Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian poses poolside in tiny bathing suit ...and flashes behind in cheeky bikini during girls' trip to Mexico Mel B emerges in West Hollywood in plunging pink top and thigh-high boots... after estranged ex Stephen Belafonte is granted visitation rights with daughter Madison 'She can go write her own book': Caitlyn Jenner slams Kris over 'differences in opinion'... then reveals ex wife secretly decorated her home Baywatch babe: Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries channels Pamela Anderson in iconic red swimsuit Reminiscent of the ones worn on iconic 90's show Room with a PHEW! Rita Ora strips down to her bra in front of open window as she strikes a pose for Italian fashion brand Racy Emma Watson sizzles in a white hot off-the-shoulder gown with daring thigh split at The Circle premiere An elegant pure white outfit Cate Blanchett cuts a chic figure in elegant pleated frock at Tribeca Film Festival screening When it comes to fashion, she's always a cut above the rest Rising star! Harry Styles' ex Georgia Fowler looks fresh-faced during New York shoot after starring in Selena Gomez's new music video Petal power! Blac Chyna hits the florals in a vibrant tracksuit and furry sliders amid turbulent relationship being discussed on KUWTK 'Have you lost weight?' Fans share their concern as Megan McKenna posts snap of her notably slender body ahead of TOWIE pool party 'I was made to feel like a cheap whore': Ashley James reveals she changed her racy top at fashion event after cab driver took a picture of her breasts Celine Dion's Florida mansion sells to a mystery buyer for $38.5 million - HALF its original asking price The 48-year-old singer had slashed the price Has Wolverine slimmed down? Hugh Jackman cuts a slender frame as he poses with wife Deborra-Lee Furness at Broadway musical  Lena Dunham admits she went into a 'psychotic rage' after the election and had to leave White House party because all she could do was cry  Ellie Goulding puts on a leggy display in a sexy semi-sheer mini dress as she joins a bevy of stars at Omega's 'Lost In Space' anniversary party in London That's a whole Lott(a) pink! Pixie steps out in a slinky dress that matches her vibrant tresses as stuns at Omega's anniversary bash in London Daisy Lowe makes a statement with a bold red lip at London launch... as Claudia Winkleman flaunts her ample assets in a plunging black dress What would the Neighbours say? Jodi Anasta and Olympia Valance STRIP DOWN to sheer bras and stockings in sultry photo shoot 'My son has a lot to live up to': Orlando Bloom admits he 'broke the internet' as he discusses THOSE Katy Perry naked paddle board shots A pop of pink! Crown Princess Mary clutches a colourful bouquet of BALLOON flowers as she tours a hospital for seriously sick children Visiting children TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou sizzles in sexy cut-out swimwear as she enjoys ice cream and a passionate kiss with beau James Lock at finale wrap party 'They're keen to keep it quiet': Amber Dowding and Chris Clark are officially dating again... as TOWIE fans turn on him following his split with Jesy Nelson Such a ladies van! Brooklyn Beckham flaunts his flashy new £35,000 Land Rover to female companions as he heads for a ride in London 'I've always wanted to make a difference': Paris Jackson stuns in sexy Marilyn Monroe makeover as she discusses continuing her late dad'S legacy Taking the plunge! Zoe Kravitz embraces classic elegance in strapless black gown at Tiffany & Co. party Trying the blonde bombshell look Lily Collins rocks leather pants and red lips for WE Day cocktail party Golden Globe nominee gave a talk at the Inglewood Forum Steph Davis ups the glam in skin-tight leggings and sky-high heels as she takes son for a stroll... after confirming she's back together with Jeremy  'Times a changin' y'all!' Southern Charm star Cameran Eubanks announces she's expecting first child Married to physician Jason Wimberly Victoria's Secret models pose for fashion shoot on Westminster Bridge just yards from where tourists lost their lives in terror attack just a month ago Basic fashion instincts! Sharon Stone goes for casual look at Los Angeles premiere of Grey Lady Correctly styled for spring Bump, set, spike! Victoria's Secret Angels Martha Hunt and Lais Ribeiro show off their world class abs in volleyball photo shoot Hitting the beach 'She's an attention-seeker!' Chloe Sims continues to vent fury over Megan McKenna as she brands her 'fake' over closeness to ex Pete Wicks on TOWIE The Only Way is... back! Lauren Pope is set to make explosive return to TOWIE after two year break... and reveals she had a fling with Dan Edgar PICTURED: Could this be Beyonce and Jay Z's new pad? A-list couple put in $120m bid on sprawling Bel Air mansion complete with servants' quarters 'Perspective is a b****': Kim Kardashian vows to work on 'better lighting and angles' as she slams the haters in foul-mouthed tweet amid un-airbrushed bikini furore PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie is a mom who rocks as she treats Shiloh to a ukulele while enjoying bonding day in LA One-on-one time Liv Tyler oozes glamour in figure-flattering pink tea dress as she cosies up with pal George Clooney at Omega's 'Lost In Space' anniversary party Taste of success! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber toast Wolfgang Puck's star on the Walk Of Fame at celebratory party for the famous chef One to watch! Gemma Arterton puts on leggy display in super-chic flapper dress at the glitzy Omega anniversary bash in London Amy Schumer flaunts her curves in chic printed dress while co-star Goldie Hawn, 71, looks timeless at Snatched screening in London She sheer is the main attraction! Busty Ashley James flashes her toned tummy in mesh detail top at underwear launch in London All eyes were on her Lucy Mecklenburgh looks sensational as she flaunts her sun-kissed skin and gym-honed figure in a demure peplum dress for Boux Avenue launch Futuristic flair! Rita Ora dons metallic silver coat over bright neon designer outfit as she steps out in New York Needed to stand out from the crowd Having a bowl! Channing Tatum celebrates his 37th birthday at an LA bowling alley with family and friends Magic Mike hunk  'It was an "us or them" situation': Spice Girls talent show to find two new stars has been AXED 'after Victoria Beckham and Mel C refused to be replaced'  Made In Chelsea newcomer Daisy Robins reveals she 'spent the night' with Lewis Bloor... after kissing snap that saw him make a dig at his ex Marnie Simpson Sly and the family Stallone! Sylvester shows off wife and daughters at star-studded Harper's Bazaar party With his girls EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Rubbernecking gatecrashers will be denied access to Pippa's wedding  Not a public wedding SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: My £31,000 diamond and gold watch, by Redgrave: Actress says it is one of 'my favourite things' SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: No chance of Harry's ex getting camera shy! Picture of Chelsy Davy in a bikini is posted by hotel heiress She knows how to make a splash! Sam Faiers sizzles in a busty bikini as she spends the day at Legoland in Dubai with baby son Paul TOWIE's Courtney Green displays her VERY ample cleavage in perilously plunging swimwear and semi-sheer sarong for finale pool party 'I'm an Old Soul': Second Wives Club star Shiva Safai insists she doesn't care about 33-year age gap between she and fiancé Mohamed Hadid Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley, 51, puts her eye-popping cleavage on display in skimpy bikini as she soaks up the sun on Seychelles beach break Love Island's Tina Stinnes looks set to cause havoc for Jamie and Frankie in EXPLOSIVE Made In Chelsea episode... after slamming the show Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray sets pulses racing as she exhibits her eye-popping cleavage by stripping off for ANOTHER provocative snap Superfit Kourtney Kardashian shows off her white bits as she makes an eye-popping display of underboob again in a teeny electric blue bikini Seeing double! Megan McKenna and Amber Dowding slip into skimpy swimsuits as they get to work on the set of TOWIE series finale  Amber Heard says she's 'missing' pet pooch Pistol while in Australia with boyfriend Elon Musk following dog smuggling drama with ex Johnny Depp 'Why can't they say chorizo properly?': MasterChef viewers slam professional cook for his pronunciation of the Spanish sausage (so how DO you say it?) Demi Lovato under fire for promoting weight loss tea containing laxative which could irritate colon and remove key nutrients from the bowels Arnold Schwarzenegger's son Christopher goes casual as he enjoys family time with his sister Katherine and their mother Maria Shriver Curvy Kelly Brook is the perfect hourglass in a sophisticated off-the-shoulder dress for food launch Looked glamorous at London's Tower Bridge 'I was struggling with myself too much': Caitlyn Jenner regrets not being there for her kids while working through gender identity Personal struggles Beaming beauty! Katie Holmes rocks double denim as she grins from ear-to-ear while out in New York Returned to her Manhattan apartment  Tallia Storm looks devilishly sexy in lacy bralette and chic bomber jacket as she flaunts her abs at London art exhibition Looking good Make-up free Sam Taylor-Johnson, 50, is beams while preparing to jet out of Los Angeles with her husband Aaron, 26... as he toys with quitting acting Matthew McConaughey's stunning wife Camila Alves goes makeup-free in Manhattan as she models a festive straw hat Lea Michele gives peek at toned tum in cutout black jumpsuit... after saying she will 'come after' actress who lands dream role in Wicked movie Lucy Mecklenburgh oozes confidence in TINY string bikini as she flaunts slim figure for racy Instagram... after hitting back at 'skinny-shaming' trolls Baby got back(hand)! Hailey Baldwin flaunts her incredibly toned abs in her underwear as she posts sexy new video of herself winning tennis match Seventy-seventh heaven! Al Pacino kisses hot girlfriend Lucila Sola, 38, as they take a romantic dip in Mexico on his 77th birthday Her secret to staying fit? Kate Hudson flaunts her fabulous figure in blue gym outfit before using Oxygen Therapy during workout session Toned physique Katie Price shocks viewers as she says the N-word TWICE on live TV while discussing the online bullying her son Harvey has faced Pop heartthrob Harry Styles is flocked by hordes of screaming fans as he arrives in Paris during whirlwind promotional tour 'It was just a spiral': Michael 'The Situation' Sorrentino reveals being '100 percent' sober after second rehab Been sober for the past 18 months Whoops! Madonna calls out 'lies' in Blond Ambition biopic script... but video evidence proves she had made those claims herself Awkward...  X Factor's Craig Colton looks downcast as he's spotted for first time since horrifying homophobic knife attack at his home Vicious knife attack 'When I was bigger I had to depend on humour': Guardians of the Galaxy star Chris Pratt reveals larger frame created more job opportunities 'I am heart-broken': Jodie Foster leads tributes to Oscar-winning Silence Of The Lambs director Jonathan Demme who has died at age 73 Another one for the mantel! Dapper Antonio Banderas, 56, is joined by stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel, 37, as he's honoured by the King of Spain Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage and trim midriff in sports bra on DKNY photo shoot Showed plenty of skin despite the clouds 'She's not coming out': Ellen DeGeneres relives fight to announce she was gay 20 years after becoming the first lead character to do so Looking back 'He's not going anywhere': Jennifer Hudson reveals she in 'no hurry' to marry fiancé of nine years David Otunga Happy as they are Gone to the dogs! Salma Hayek tells Ellen DeGeneres how her pooches crashed a wedding... and made the bride cry by eating the cake 'They would laugh in my face!' Teary-eyed Abby Lee Miller says Lifetime's producers didn't want her losing weight for Dance Moms Not happy From Hollywood royalty to homeless: Natalie Wood's former Bond girl sister Lana, 71, reveals she is living in a motel room with five family members Still enjoying wedded bliss: LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian look closer than ever as they return from loved-up break to celebrate sixth anniversary Love triangle revealed! Mary J Blige's husband Martin, 48, 'left the iconic singer for her protégé Starshell, 28' She filed for divorce last year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kendall Jenner's pal Justine Skye shows off her model physique as she poses in some skimpy swimwear for sizzling Icing campaign Another wild night in Mexico! Kourtney Kardashian wears bra top as she straddles blonde female friend during rowdy vacation Going strong! Emma Roberts and Evan Peters gaze adoringly at each other on casual day out in NYC American Horror Story co-stars Party-hard Scott Disick links up with gorgeous Brit model Ella Ross AGAIN in West Hollywood... and he's taken newly-single Tyga under his wild wing Hear me roar! Demi Lovato gets HUGE lion tattoo on hand (but Cara Delevingne and Justin Bieber did it first) With 20 plus tattoos, there is not much room Don't worry, be hoppy: Bethenny Frankel's ex breaks into a smile after his trial for 'stalking and harassing' the Real Housewives star is pushed back to June No kryptonite here! Melissa Benoist looks every bit the superheroine as she is joined by Tyler Hoechlin on Supergirl set Working hard Doting dad Chad Michael Murray and wife enjoy an outing with newborn daughter and toddler son Enjoyed a day out with his family Nicolas Cage, 53, breaks ankle in 'freak accident' and is undergoing emergency surgery forcing him to take two weeks off from action film #211 Take some inspiration? Caitlyn Jenner rocks white dress and trench... after ex Kris Jenner wore near identical outfit a year ago Someone has to make the big bucks! Jennifer Lopez looks stressed while shooting Shades Of Blue in NYC... as retired beau A-Rod is not seen Kill-ian Murphy! Peaky Blinders actor Cillian is back to his violent ways as Tommy Shelby as he and co-star Adrien Brody brandish guns on the set of the hit show Suited and booted! Lily James teams her post-WWII costume with UGG BOOTS as she takes a break on the set of drama flick Guernsey Dressed in character They have a spark! Lena Dunham and boyfriend Jack Antonoff pack on the PDA in New York...after celebrating five years together 'We're not in competition': Justin Theroux insists he isn't intimidated by wife Jennifer Aniston's success... and reveals they may work together  A Star Is... Forlorn? Bradley Cooper looks downcast as he takes a break from shooting A Star Is Born in LA with Lady Gaga Directorial debut Pregnant Serena Williams steps out in style in Canada as she makes her first public appearance since accidentally revealing she was expecting Foot-Loose Women! TV hosts are put through their paces as they perform one of Steps' classic routines during impromptu dance-off with band WhatsApp-ening here? Pregnant Danielle Lloyd sneaks a peek at fiancé Michael O'Neill's phone as she goes make-up free in snakeskin print tracksuit for stroll Vanessa Hudgens manages a smile while out with friends after her new show Powerless is axed mid-season  Yanked from the NBC schedule Johnny Depp slams ex managers for blaming $40M debt on reckless spending before revealing he spent $5M on cannon to shoot pal's ashes 'Pray you never run into me': Erin Moran's brother slams Scott Baio for suggesting his late Happy Days co-star died of drug overdose Posted on Facebook That's some coffee run! George Clooney hitches a ride with the Muppets and more iconic characters in search of a caffeine fix for new ad The wait is over! Country superstar Shania Twain, 51, will release first album in 15 years after painful divorce sidelined her New music this summer 'Stressed' BGT's George Sampson, reveals he's getting a £9k hair transplant after dance moves caused severe balding 'It was like therapy': Coronation Street's Jane Danson admits moving Michelle Connor stillbirth storyline helped her come to terms with losing her own baby My dad's a Legend! Chrissy Teigen's girl Luna points out her father John on Time 100 magazine cover in Snapchat video Very cute Ready to take the next step! Vicky Pattison and beau John Noble share steamy smooch as they hunt for their first home together in Newcastle Happy couple Shady lady: Ashley Benson grabs coffee in huge mirrored sunglasses as her show Pretty Little Liars nears series finale Had lunch with a friend Paula Patton plays it cool in chic silk bomber jacket and skinny jeans on set of new thriller Somewhere Between Couldn't keep the smile off her face What a difference a day makes! Kim Kardashian turns the other cheek to unairbrushed picture frenzy as she slips into another racy Dior bikini  Coleen Rooney shows off her toned figure in skin-tight sportswear as she hits the gym following family trip It was business as usual for Coleen Cheers to that! Natalie Zea shares a toast on Instagram before announcing her hilarious TV show The Detour has landed a third season Blonde bombshell Baby brain? Alex Jones showcases her sleek post-baby figure as she leaves The One Show ... after making embarrassing blunder on air with Chris Pratt Latina ladies! OITNB's Jackie Cruz and Power Rangers' Becky G team up for Billboard panel in Miami Discussed various cultural concerns Hilaria Baldwin recalls watching husband Alec's movie Working Girl when she was four (and he was 30) A significant age difference 'He's probably devastated': Bachelorette's Andi Dorfman reacts to Chris Soules' arrest after 'life-altering tragedy' and fleeing scene of crash 'Happy bump day': Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry shows off her baby bump in all-natural shot Held the bottom of her growing bump Shakira plays tourist while filming new video with Carlos Vives on the streets of Barcelona... as she prepares to release her eleventh album The honeymoon period hasn't worn off! Smitten Pierce Brosnan and wife of 15 years Keely Shaye Smith cuddle at NRDC's Stand Up For The Planet benefit 'It was pretty wild': Maksim Chmerkovskiy talks about 'drunk' man's attempt to break into his family home at 2am  Security scare 'She was the best mom ever': Emmy Rossum describes childhood raised by single mother in candid new post about family Revealed: Why Vanderpump Rules star Jax Taylor underwent a 'manboob' reduction  The reality TV star had cosmetic surgery in Beverly Hills It's Scott to be the real deal! Kylie Jenner and rumoured new love interest Travis look very cosy as they are pictured together for the first time at NBA game Namaste like this for the picture: Flexy Pixie Lott slips into a teeny polka dot bikini as she contorts her body for early morning yoga in flashback snap Contestant on The Chase FAILS in her bid to win £4,000 to 'date' Micheal Bolton - but Bradley Walsh still makes the superfan's dream come true The Temptations bass player Kerry Turman dies aged 59 just hours after performing show alongside The Beach Boys Fund dead on Sunday  'She wants a boy more than I do': Basketball icon Kobe Bryant and wife already have three daughters... but a fourth could be on the horizon Enjoying retirement A total Mi-Mick! Jagger's lovechild Lucas is the spitting image of his rock star father as he parties up a storm at a Dolce & Gabbana party in Brazil Serena Williams reveals she announced her pregnancy on social media by ACCIDENT as she opens up about why she fell for geek fiancee Off-duty Jennifer Lawrence transforms into a sexy Russian spy with a platinum wig and blunt bangs as she films Red Sparrow in Slovakia 'Me, by me!': Rita Ora caresses her cleavage as she teasingly pulls down her top in very racy Instagram selfie   She's not afraid to show her sexy side  She's so Kardashian! Chelsea Handler flashes her butt cheeks in thong undies as she continues to mimic the family she's known for trashing On Snapchat 'There are darker times to come': Corrie's Chris Harper hints Bethany Platt will be raped again as he reveals storyline has had 'brilliant' reaction A new romance! John Mayer finally moves on from ex Katy Perry by 'finding love with actress Natalie Morales' Not to be confused with TV host of same name Gold and Silv-stedt! Socialite Victoria shows off her impressive abs in metallic knitted bra top and fitted pencil skirt at charity event in NY Justin Bieber's 'bodyguard hurled anti-Semitic abuse at his neighbours in campaign of terror'... three years after suing singer for egging their home Harry Styles sends Twitter into a frenzy as he announces week-long residency on James Corden's The Late Late Show Jesse Williams is spotted for first time since news of his divorce broke... amid claims he's been linked to actress Minka Kelly Prince's home in Toronto which he decorated with purple carpets and the symbol he changed his name to goes up for sale for $13million  Bachelor baby fever! Ali, Jillian, Emily, DeAnna, Desiree and Ashley poses with their children for special reunion photo shoot Caught in the act! Christina Aguilera  puts on a busty display in a low cut black dress as she sneaks out of a Hollywood restaurant via the back door Chelsea Clinton receives award for volunteering with her family's foundation after insisting she's not running for public office  Blue is the colour! Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden co-ordinates her look from top to toe as she's greeted by the Dutch King Willem-Alexander at The Hague Maria Sharapova returns to training ahead of Stuttgart comeback and will find out if she can compete at the French Open next month Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles steps out with husband Michael Bleau in the midst of Mel B and Stephen Belafonte's explosive divorce battle Happy chappy! Hunky American actor Jason Momoa appears giddy greeting fans in a Gold Coast bar The hunky American actor is currently filming 'Little confused why I haven't been asked back...' Amy Schumer is left scratching her head about missing invite to Time 100 Gala... after THAT Kimye prank Anything for her hubby! Chrissy Teigen blasted by heavy rain and wind while racing to join John Legend at Time 100 Gala EXCLUSIVE: Sugar Bear's new wife was married to a convicted PEDOPHILE who is currently serving 35-years behind bars for child molestation Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad FDA approves Impax generic of Merck's cholesterol drug Vytorin By Reuters Published: 16:15 EDT, 26 April 2017 | Updated: 16:15 EDT, 26 April 2017 e-mail April 26 (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday approved Impax Laboratories Inc's generic version of Merck &amp; Co's cholesterol-reducing drug Vytorin, the first cheap competitor for a drug that in 2016 generated more than $1 billion in sales. Vytorin is a combination product that includes the drugs ezetimibe and simvastatin, sold under the brand names Zocor and Zetia. Zocor lost patent protection in 2006. Zetia lost patent protection on Tuesday. Zetia generated 2016 sales of $2.6 billion. In general, revenue from branded products falls by 90 percent once multiple generics hit the market. Vytorin currently costs about $300 for a supply of 30 tablets. Merck faces generic competition this year not only to Vytorin and Zetia, but also to its antibiotic Cubicin and its Nasonex nasal spray in the United States and for its arthritis drug Remicade in Europe. The company is betting it will ultimately offset those losses with other drugs, including its cancer drug Keytruda, which is approved for certain patients with non-small cell lung cancer and melanoma and is being tested in a range of other cancers as well. Merck in February issued a 2017 profit forecast that was in line with Wall Street expectations. (Reporting by Toni Clarke in Washington; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kim Kardashian flaunts cleavage and curvaceous figure in cropped top and bikini bottoms while poolside in Mexico Another pool look 'Photoshop, Photoshop and more Photoshop': Kylie Jenner blasted by fans after she posted 'edited' image of her tiny waist in Puma underpants PICTURED: Cheryl puts the lavish home she shared with ex-husband on the market for £5million as she focuses on new life with Liam Payne 'There is no fighting': Janet Jackson and estranged husband Wissam Al Mana 'trust each other' Will amicably co-parent their newborn son Eissa Kate Wright shares a very busty throwback from recent trip to Ibiza... after QUITTING The Only Way Is Essex as her 'romance' with Rio Ferdinand heats up Time for tea! Afternoon tea is BACK, and here are the yummiest cakes making it 2017's most delicious trend SPONSORED Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian puts underboob on display AGAIN in navy bikini while jet skiing in Mexico Celebrating her birthday Ferne McCann talks childbirth during cameo on The Mummy Diaries... filmed BEFORE she revealed she was pregnant by her acid attack suspect ex Time for a booty workout! Make-up free Kim Kardashian swaps eye-popping bikinis for fitness gear on girls' trip to Mexico It's a cover up Bikini-clad Amber Turner puts on a sizzling display alongside a glam Megan McKenna to film for TOWIE's series finale... as fans call for her to be SACKED Red hot! Pregnant Beyonce accentuates bump in sultry crimson gown for intimate Polaroids from star-studded dinner party Due date is approaching Chrissy Teigen and John Legend take hand-in-hand stroll... after revealing his family will join him on tour Their year-old daughter Luna is coming! Fishing for compliments? Khloe Kardashian rocks unusual cut-out jeans to show off her fishnet-clad physique Missing out on girls' trip Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian poses poolside in tiny bathing suit ...and flashes behind in cheeky bikini during girls' trip to Mexico Mel B emerges in West Hollywood in plunging pink top and thigh-high boots... after estranged ex Stephen Belafonte is granted visitation rights with daughter Madison 'She can go write her own book': Caitlyn Jenner slams Kris over 'differences in opinion'... then reveals ex wife secretly decorated her home Baywatch babe: Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries channels Pamela Anderson in iconic red swimsuit Reminiscent of the ones worn on iconic 90's show Room with a PHEW! Rita Ora strips down to her bra in front of open window as she strikes a pose for Italian fashion brand Racy Emma Watson sizzles in a white hot off-the-shoulder gown with daring thigh split at The Circle premiere An elegant pure white outfit Cate Blanchett cuts a chic figure in elegant pleated frock at Tribeca Film Festival screening When it comes to fashion, she's always a cut above the rest Rising star! Harry Styles' ex Georgia Fowler looks fresh-faced during New York shoot after starring in Selena Gomez's new music video Petal power! Blac Chyna hits the florals in a vibrant tracksuit and furry sliders amid turbulent relationship being discussed on KUWTK 'Have you lost weight?' Fans share their concern as Megan McKenna posts snap of her notably slender body ahead of TOWIE pool party 'I was made to feel like a cheap whore': Ashley James reveals she changed her racy top at fashion event after cab driver took a picture of her breasts Celine Dion's Florida mansion sells to a mystery buyer for $38.5 million - HALF its original asking price The 48-year-old singer had slashed the price Has Wolverine slimmed down? Hugh Jackman cuts a slender frame as he poses with wife Deborra-Lee Furness at Broadway musical  Lena Dunham admits she went into a 'psychotic rage' after the election and had to leave White House party because all she could do was cry  Ellie Goulding puts on a leggy display in a sexy semi-sheer mini dress as she joins a bevy of stars at Omega's 'Lost In Space' anniversary party in London That's a whole Lott(a) pink! Pixie steps out in a slinky dress that matches her vibrant tresses as stuns at Omega's anniversary bash in London Daisy Lowe makes a statement with a bold red lip at London launch... as Claudia Winkleman flaunts her ample assets in a plunging black dress What would the Neighbours say? Jodi Anasta and Olympia Valance STRIP DOWN to sheer bras and stockings in sultry photo shoot 'My son has a lot to live up to': Orlando Bloom admits he 'broke the internet' as he discusses THOSE Katy Perry naked paddle board shots A pop of pink! Crown Princess Mary clutches a colourful bouquet of BALLOON flowers as she tours a hospital for seriously sick children Visiting children TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou sizzles in sexy cut-out swimwear as she enjoys ice cream and a passionate kiss with beau James Lock at finale wrap party 'They're keen to keep it quiet': Amber Dowding and Chris Clark are officially dating again... as TOWIE fans turn on him following his split with Jesy Nelson Such a ladies van! Brooklyn Beckham flaunts his flashy new £35,000 Land Rover to female companions as he heads for a ride in London 'I've always wanted to make a difference': Paris Jackson stuns in sexy Marilyn Monroe makeover as she discusses continuing her late dad'S legacy Taking the plunge! Zoe Kravitz embraces classic elegance in strapless black gown at Tiffany & Co. party Trying the blonde bombshell look Lily Collins rocks leather pants and red lips for WE Day cocktail party Golden Globe nominee gave a talk at the Inglewood Forum Steph Davis ups the glam in skin-tight leggings and sky-high heels as she takes son for a stroll... after confirming she's back together with Jeremy  'Times a changin' y'all!' Southern Charm star Cameran Eubanks announces she's expecting first child Married to physician Jason Wimberly Victoria's Secret models pose for fashion shoot on Westminster Bridge just yards from where tourists lost their lives in terror attack just a month ago Basic fashion instincts! Sharon Stone goes for casual look at Los Angeles premiere of Grey Lady Correctly styled for spring Bump, set, spike! Victoria's Secret Angels Martha Hunt and Lais Ribeiro show off their world class abs in volleyball photo shoot Hitting the beach 'She's an attention-seeker!' Chloe Sims continues to vent fury over Megan McKenna as she brands her 'fake' over closeness to ex Pete Wicks on TOWIE The Only Way is... back! Lauren Pope is set to make explosive return to TOWIE after two year break... and reveals she had a fling with Dan Edgar PICTURED: Could this be Beyonce and Jay Z's new pad? A-list couple put in $120m bid on sprawling Bel Air mansion complete with servants' quarters 'Perspective is a b****': Kim Kardashian vows to work on 'better lighting and angles' as she slams the haters in foul-mouthed tweet amid un-airbrushed bikini furore PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie is a mom who rocks as she treats Shiloh to a ukulele while enjoying bonding day in LA One-on-one time Liv Tyler oozes glamour in figure-flattering pink tea dress as she cosies up with pal George Clooney at Omega's 'Lost In Space' anniversary party Taste of success! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber toast Wolfgang Puck's star on the Walk Of Fame at celebratory party for the famous chef One to watch! Gemma Arterton puts on leggy display in super-chic flapper dress at the glitzy Omega anniversary bash in London Amy Schumer flaunts her curves in chic printed dress while co-star Goldie Hawn, 71, looks timeless at Snatched screening in London She sheer is the main attraction! Busty Ashley James flashes her toned tummy in mesh detail top at underwear launch in London All eyes were on her Lucy Mecklenburgh looks sensational as she flaunts her sun-kissed skin and gym-honed figure in a demure peplum dress for Boux Avenue launch Futuristic flair! Rita Ora dons metallic silver coat over bright neon designer outfit as she steps out in New York Needed to stand out from the crowd Having a bowl! Channing Tatum celebrates his 37th birthday at an LA bowling alley with family and friends Magic Mike hunk  'It was an "us or them" situation': Spice Girls talent show to find two new stars has been AXED 'after Victoria Beckham and Mel C refused to be replaced'  Made In Chelsea newcomer Daisy Robins reveals she 'spent the night' with Lewis Bloor... after kissing snap that saw him make a dig at his ex Marnie Simpson Sly and the family Stallone! Sylvester shows off wife and daughters at star-studded Harper's Bazaar party With his girls EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Rubbernecking gatecrashers will be denied access to Pippa's wedding  Not a public wedding SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: My £31,000 diamond and gold watch, by Redgrave: Actress says it is one of 'my favourite things' SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: No chance of Harry's ex getting camera shy! Picture of Chelsy Davy in a bikini is posted by hotel heiress She knows how to make a splash! Sam Faiers sizzles in a busty bikini as she spends the day at Legoland in Dubai with baby son Paul TOWIE's Courtney Green displays her VERY ample cleavage in perilously plunging swimwear and semi-sheer sarong for finale pool party 'I'm an Old Soul': Second Wives Club star Shiva Safai insists she doesn't care about 33-year age gap between she and fiancé Mohamed Hadid Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley, 51, puts her eye-popping cleavage on display in skimpy bikini as she soaks up the sun on Seychelles beach break Love Island's Tina Stinnes looks set to cause havoc for Jamie and Frankie in EXPLOSIVE Made In Chelsea episode... after slamming the show Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray sets pulses racing as she exhibits her eye-popping cleavage by stripping off for ANOTHER provocative snap Superfit Kourtney Kardashian shows off her white bits as she makes an eye-popping display of underboob again in a teeny electric blue bikini Seeing double! Megan McKenna and Amber Dowding slip into skimpy swimsuits as they get to work on the set of TOWIE series finale  Amber Heard says she's 'missing' pet pooch Pistol while in Australia with boyfriend Elon Musk following dog smuggling drama with ex Johnny Depp 'Why can't they say chorizo properly?': MasterChef viewers slam professional cook for his pronunciation of the Spanish sausage (so how DO you say it?) Demi Lovato under fire for promoting weight loss tea containing laxative which could irritate colon and remove key nutrients from the bowels Arnold Schwarzenegger's son Christopher goes casual as he enjoys family time with his sister Katherine and their mother Maria Shriver Curvy Kelly Brook is the perfect hourglass in a sophisticated off-the-shoulder dress for food launch Looked glamorous at London's Tower Bridge 'I was struggling with myself too much': Caitlyn Jenner regrets not being there for her kids while working through gender identity Personal struggles Beaming beauty! Katie Holmes rocks double denim as she grins from ear-to-ear while out in New York Returned to her Manhattan apartment  Tallia Storm looks devilishly sexy in lacy bralette and chic bomber jacket as she flaunts her abs at London art exhibition Looking good Make-up free Sam Taylor-Johnson, 50, is beams while preparing to jet out of Los Angeles with her husband Aaron, 26... as he toys with quitting acting Matthew McConaughey's stunning wife Camila Alves goes makeup-free in Manhattan as she models a festive straw hat Lea Michele gives peek at toned tum in cutout black jumpsuit... after saying she will 'come after' actress who lands dream role in Wicked movie Lucy Mecklenburgh oozes confidence in TINY string bikini as she flaunts slim figure for racy Instagram... after hitting back at 'skinny-shaming' trolls Baby got back(hand)! Hailey Baldwin flaunts her incredibly toned abs in her underwear as she posts sexy new video of herself winning tennis match Seventy-seventh heaven! Al Pacino kisses hot girlfriend Lucila Sola, 38, as they take a romantic dip in Mexico on his 77th birthday Her secret to staying fit? Kate Hudson flaunts her fabulous figure in blue gym outfit before using Oxygen Therapy during workout session Toned physique Katie Price shocks viewers as she says the N-word TWICE on live TV while discussing the online bullying her son Harvey has faced Pop heartthrob Harry Styles is flocked by hordes of screaming fans as he arrives in Paris during whirlwind promotional tour 'It was just a spiral': Michael 'The Situation' Sorrentino reveals being '100 percent' sober after second rehab Been sober for the past 18 months Whoops! Madonna calls out 'lies' in Blond Ambition biopic script... but video evidence proves she had made those claims herself Awkward...  X Factor's Craig Colton looks downcast as he's spotted for first time since horrifying homophobic knife attack at his home Vicious knife attack 'When I was bigger I had to depend on humour': Guardians of the Galaxy star Chris Pratt reveals larger frame created more job opportunities 'I am heart-broken': Jodie Foster leads tributes to Oscar-winning Silence Of The Lambs director Jonathan Demme who has died at age 73 Another one for the mantel! Dapper Antonio Banderas, 56, is joined by stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel, 37, as he's honoured by the King of Spain Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage and trim midriff in sports bra on DKNY photo shoot Showed plenty of skin despite the clouds 'She's not coming out': Ellen DeGeneres relives fight to announce she was gay 20 years after becoming the first lead character to do so Looking back 'He's not going anywhere': Jennifer Hudson reveals she in 'no hurry' to marry fiancé of nine years David Otunga Happy as they are Gone to the dogs! Salma Hayek tells Ellen DeGeneres how her pooches crashed a wedding... and made the bride cry by eating the cake 'They would laugh in my face!' Teary-eyed Abby Lee Miller says Lifetime's producers didn't want her losing weight for Dance Moms Not happy From Hollywood royalty to homeless: Natalie Wood's former Bond girl sister Lana, 71, reveals she is living in a motel room with five family members Still enjoying wedded bliss: LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian look closer than ever as they return from loved-up break to celebrate sixth anniversary Love triangle revealed! Mary J Blige's husband Martin, 48, 'left the iconic singer for her protégé Starshell, 28' She filed for divorce last year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kendall Jenner's pal Justine Skye shows off her model physique as she poses in some skimpy swimwear for sizzling Icing campaign Another wild night in Mexico! Kourtney Kardashian wears bra top as she straddles blonde female friend during rowdy vacation Going strong! Emma Roberts and Evan Peters gaze adoringly at each other on casual day out in NYC American Horror Story co-stars Party-hard Scott Disick links up with gorgeous Brit model Ella Ross AGAIN in West Hollywood... and he's taken newly-single Tyga under his wild wing Hear me roar! Demi Lovato gets HUGE lion tattoo on hand (but Cara Delevingne and Justin Bieber did it first) With 20 plus tattoos, there is not much room Don't worry, be hoppy: Bethenny Frankel's ex breaks into a smile after his trial for 'stalking and harassing' the Real Housewives star is pushed back to June No kryptonite here! Melissa Benoist looks every bit the superheroine as she is joined by Tyler Hoechlin on Supergirl set Working hard Doting dad Chad Michael Murray and wife enjoy an outing with newborn daughter and toddler son Enjoyed a day out with his family Nicolas Cage, 53, breaks ankle in 'freak accident' and is undergoing emergency surgery forcing him to take two weeks off from action film #211 Take some inspiration? Caitlyn Jenner rocks white dress and trench... after ex Kris Jenner wore near identical outfit a year ago Someone has to make the big bucks! Jennifer Lopez looks stressed while shooting Shades Of Blue in NYC... as retired beau A-Rod is not seen Kill-ian Murphy! Peaky Blinders actor Cillian is back to his violent ways as Tommy Shelby as he and co-star Adrien Brody brandish guns on the set of the hit show Suited and booted! Lily James teams her post-WWII costume with UGG BOOTS as she takes a break on the set of drama flick Guernsey Dressed in character They have a spark! Lena Dunham and boyfriend Jack Antonoff pack on the PDA in New York...after celebrating five years together 'We're not in competition': Justin Theroux insists he isn't intimidated by wife Jennifer Aniston's success... and reveals they may work together  A Star Is... Forlorn? Bradley Cooper looks downcast as he takes a break from shooting A Star Is Born in LA with Lady Gaga Directorial debut Pregnant Serena Williams steps out in style in Canada as she makes her first public appearance since accidentally revealing she was expecting Foot-Loose Women! TV hosts are put through their paces as they perform one of Steps' classic routines during impromptu dance-off with band WhatsApp-ening here? Pregnant Danielle Lloyd sneaks a peek at fiancé Michael O'Neill's phone as she goes make-up free in snakeskin print tracksuit for stroll Vanessa Hudgens manages a smile while out with friends after her new show Powerless is axed mid-season  Yanked from the NBC schedule Johnny Depp slams ex managers for blaming $40M debt on reckless spending before revealing he spent $5M on cannon to shoot pal's ashes 'Pray you never run into me': Erin Moran's brother slams Scott Baio for suggesting his late Happy Days co-star died of drug overdose Posted on Facebook That's some coffee run! George Clooney hitches a ride with the Muppets and more iconic characters in search of a caffeine fix for new ad The wait is over! Country superstar Shania Twain, 51, will release first album in 15 years after painful divorce sidelined her New music this summer 'Stressed' BGT's George Sampson, reveals he's getting a £9k hair transplant after dance moves caused severe balding 'It was like therapy': Coronation Street's Jane Danson admits moving Michelle Connor stillbirth storyline helped her come to terms with losing her own baby My dad's a Legend! Chrissy Teigen's girl Luna points out her father John on Time 100 magazine cover in Snapchat video Very cute Ready to take the next step! Vicky Pattison and beau John Noble share steamy smooch as they hunt for their first home together in Newcastle Happy couple Shady lady: Ashley Benson grabs coffee in huge mirrored sunglasses as her show Pretty Little Liars nears series finale Had lunch with a friend Paula Patton plays it cool in chic silk bomber jacket and skinny jeans on set of new thriller Somewhere Between Couldn't keep the smile off her face What a difference a day makes! Kim Kardashian turns the other cheek to unairbrushed picture frenzy as she slips into another racy Dior bikini  Coleen Rooney shows off her toned figure in skin-tight sportswear as she hits the gym following family trip It was business as usual for Coleen Cheers to that! Natalie Zea shares a toast on Instagram before announcing her hilarious TV show The Detour has landed a third season Blonde bombshell Baby brain? Alex Jones showcases her sleek post-baby figure as she leaves The One Show ... after making embarrassing blunder on air with Chris Pratt Latina ladies! OITNB's Jackie Cruz and Power Rangers' Becky G team up for Billboard panel in Miami Discussed various cultural concerns Hilaria Baldwin recalls watching husband Alec's movie Working Girl when she was four (and he was 30) A significant age difference 'He's probably devastated': Bachelorette's Andi Dorfman reacts to Chris Soules' arrest after 'life-altering tragedy' and fleeing scene of crash 'Happy bump day': Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry shows off her baby bump in all-natural shot Held the bottom of her growing bump Shakira plays tourist while filming new video with Carlos Vives on the streets of Barcelona... as she prepares to release her eleventh album The honeymoon period hasn't worn off! Smitten Pierce Brosnan and wife of 15 years Keely Shaye Smith cuddle at NRDC's Stand Up For The Planet benefit 'It was pretty wild': Maksim Chmerkovskiy talks about 'drunk' man's attempt to break into his family home at 2am  Security scare 'She was the best mom ever': Emmy Rossum describes childhood raised by single mother in candid new post about family Revealed: Why Vanderpump Rules star Jax Taylor underwent a 'manboob' reduction  The reality TV star had cosmetic surgery in Beverly Hills It's Scott to be the real deal! Kylie Jenner and rumoured new love interest Travis look very cosy as they are pictured together for the first time at NBA game Namaste like this for the picture: Flexy Pixie Lott slips into a teeny polka dot bikini as she contorts her body for early morning yoga in flashback snap Contestant on The Chase FAILS in her bid to win £4,000 to 'date' Micheal Bolton - but Bradley Walsh still makes the superfan's dream come true The Temptations bass player Kerry Turman dies aged 59 just hours after performing show alongside The Beach Boys Fund dead on Sunday  'She wants a boy more than I do': Basketball icon Kobe Bryant and wife already have three daughters... but a fourth could be on the horizon Enjoying retirement A total Mi-Mick! Jagger's lovechild Lucas is the spitting image of his rock star father as he parties up a storm at a Dolce & Gabbana party in Brazil Serena Williams reveals she announced her pregnancy on social media by ACCIDENT as she opens up about why she fell for geek fiancee Off-duty Jennifer Lawrence transforms into a sexy Russian spy with a platinum wig and blunt bangs as she films Red Sparrow in Slovakia 'Me, by me!': Rita Ora caresses her cleavage as she teasingly pulls down her top in very racy Instagram selfie   She's not afraid to show her sexy side  She's so Kardashian! Chelsea Handler flashes her butt cheeks in thong undies as she continues to mimic the family she's known for trashing On Snapchat 'There are darker times to come': Corrie's Chris Harper hints Bethany Platt will be raped again as he reveals storyline has had 'brilliant' reaction A new romance! John Mayer finally moves on from ex Katy Perry by 'finding love with actress Natalie Morales' Not to be confused with TV host of same name Gold and Silv-stedt! Socialite Victoria shows off her impressive abs in metallic knitted bra top and fitted pencil skirt at charity event in NY Justin Bieber's 'bodyguard hurled anti-Semitic abuse at his neighbours in campaign of terror'... three years after suing singer for egging their home Harry Styles sends Twitter into a frenzy as he announces week-long residency on James Corden's The Late Late Show Jesse Williams is spotted for first time since news of his divorce broke... amid claims he's been linked to actress Minka Kelly Prince's home in Toronto which he decorated with purple carpets and the symbol he changed his name to goes up for sale for $13million  Bachelor baby fever! Ali, Jillian, Emily, DeAnna, Desiree and Ashley poses with their children for special reunion photo shoot Caught in the act! Christina Aguilera  puts on a busty display in a low cut black dress as she sneaks out of a Hollywood restaurant via the back door Chelsea Clinton receives award for volunteering with her family's foundation after insisting she's not running for public office  Blue is the colour! Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden co-ordinates her look from top to toe as she's greeted by the Dutch King Willem-Alexander at The Hague Maria Sharapova returns to training ahead of Stuttgart comeback and will find out if she can compete at the French Open next month Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles steps out with husband Michael Bleau in the midst of Mel B and Stephen Belafonte's explosive divorce battle Happy chappy! Hunky American actor Jason Momoa appears giddy greeting fans in a Gold Coast bar The hunky American actor is currently filming 'Little confused why I haven't been asked back...' Amy Schumer is left scratching her head about missing invite to Time 100 Gala... after THAT Kimye prank Anything for her hubby! Chrissy Teigen blasted by heavy rain and wind while racing to join John Legend at Time 100 Gala EXCLUSIVE: Sugar Bear's new wife was married to a convicted PEDOPHILE who is currently serving 35-years behind bars for child molestation Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Quantitative Immunohistochemistry for Development of Predictive Biomarkers in Oncology Clinical Trials, New Webinar Hosted by Xtalks TORONTO, ON–(Marketwired – April 26, 2017) – In a special presentation, industry expert Dr. Belma Dogdas, Associate Principal Scientist from Merck, Inc. will discuss how in oncology studies, biomarkers have been effectively used to measure tumor progression and to evaluate efficacy of therapies. Increasingly they have been utilized to stratify different patient groups and to develop personalized therapeutic strategies. Towards this goal, immunohistochemistry (IHC) has been playing an increasing role to help understand the mechanism of action by measuring molecular targets for cancer types. Through quantitative analysis of IHC images, effective biomarkers can be predictors of disease prognosis and immune response of various immunotherapies. There will be two live broadcasts on Wednesday, May 10, 2017, at 9am EDT (2pm BST/UK) and 1pm EDT (10am PDT). Merck has developed and validated various IHC assays and quantitative analysis strategies for identifying and measuring presence of molecular targets for various cancer types using the Definiens platform. They have evaluated the specificity, sensitivity and reproducibility of the IHC assays and demonstrated that these can be used to support oncology clinical trials reliably to evaluate patient response. Development of such patient selection biomarkers is expected to accelerate enrollment and increase response rates, leading to more effective clinical trial designs. To learn more about this event visit: Quantitative Immunohistochemistry for Development of Predictive Biomarkers in Oncology Clinical Trials Xtalks, powered by Honeycomb Worldwide Inc., is a leading provider of educational webinars to the global Life Sciences community. Every year thousands of industry practitioners (from pharmaceutical & biotech companies, private & academic research institutions, healthcare centers, etc.) turn to Xtalks for access to quality content. Xtalks helps Life Science professionals stay current with industry developments, trends and regulations. Xtalks webinars also provide perspectives on key issues from top industry thought leaders and service providers. To learn more about Xtalks visit http://xtalks.com For information about hosting a webinar visit http://xtalks.com/sponsorship.ashx Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/25/11G136948/Images/small_logo-740736732461.jpg CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Next Games’ The Walking Dead: No Man’s land wins People’s Voice Webby Award Next PostNext Sopranon alkuvuosi on käynnistynyt lupaavasti Search Recent Posts Press Releases | Avnet Newsroom North American Gaming Almanac 2016-2017 Edition – Research and Markets ‘The Star’ Offers First Look at Characters, Adds New Celebrity Voice Talent Mountain America Credit Union Donates a Record $64,500 to Huntsman Cancer Foundation Raise Production Inc. Announces 2016 Financial Results and Operations Update Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Xtalks April 26, 2017 07:00 ET Quantitative Immunohistochemistry for Development of Predictive Biomarkers in Oncology Clinical Trials, New Webinar Hosted by Xtalks TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 26, 2017) - In a special presentation, industry expert Dr. Belma Dogdas, Associate Principal Scientist from Merck, Inc. will discuss how in oncology studies, biomarkers have been effectively used to measure tumor progression and to evaluate efficacy of therapies. Increasingly they have been utilized to stratify different patient groups and to develop personalized therapeutic strategies. Towards this goal, immunohistochemistry (IHC) has been playing an increasing role to help understand the mechanism of action by measuring molecular targets for cancer types. Through quantitative analysis of IHC images, effective biomarkers can be predictors of disease prognosis and immune response of various immunotherapies. There will be two live broadcasts on Wednesday, May 10, 2017, at 9am EDT (2pm BST/UK) and 1pm EDT (10am PDT). Merck has developed and validated various IHC assays and quantitative analysis strategies for identifying and measuring presence of molecular targets for various cancer types using the Definiens platform. They have evaluated the specificity, sensitivity and reproducibility of the IHC assays and demonstrated that these can be used to support oncology clinical trials reliably to evaluate patient response. Development of such patient selection biomarkers is expected to accelerate enrollment and increase response rates, leading to more effective clinical trial designs. To learn more about this event visit: Quantitative Immunohistochemistry for Development of Predictive Biomarkers in Oncology Clinical Trials Xtalks, powered by Honeycomb Worldwide Inc., is a leading provider of educational webinars to the global Life Sciences community. Every year thousands of industry practitioners (from pharmaceutical & biotech companies, private & academic research institutions, healthcare centers, etc.) turn to Xtalks for access to quality content. Xtalks helps Life Science professionals stay current with industry developments, trends and regulations. Xtalks webinars also provide perspectives on key issues from top industry thought leaders and service providers. To learn more about Xtalks visit http://xtalks.com For information about hosting a webinar visit http://xtalks.com/sponsorship.ashx Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/25/11G136948/Images/small_logo-740736732461.jpg Contact Information Contact: Dian Razak Tel: +1 (416) 977-6555 ext 352 Email: drazak@xtalks.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Xtalks From this industry Medical and Healthcare Pharmaceuticals and Biotech From this sub-industry Medical Devices Drugs Equipment and Supplies Clinical Trials Hospitals, Facilities and Providers Healthcare Biotech Trials See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia We improve patient lives by unlocking the tissue phenome. View Image Highlighted Links Webinar Info   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Animal Parasiticides Market Poised to Rake US$ 13,064.7 Mn by 2026 Some of the key players in the global animal parasiticides market include Sanofi S.A. (Merial), Ceva Sante Animlae, Virbac SA, Vetoquinol S.A., Eli Lilly and Company, Zoetis Inc., Merck & Co Inc., Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH and Perrigo Co. plc. The report discusses individual strategies followed by these companies in terms of enhancing their product portfolio, creating new marketing techniques, mergers and acquisitions. The ‘Competitive Landscape’ is included to provide report audiences with a dashboard view and company share collectively. In this report, Persistence Market Research  (PMR) delivers key insights on the global animal parasiticides market in its published report, titled “Animal Parasiticides Market: Global Industry Analysis and Forecast, 2016–2026.” In terms of revenue, the global animal parasiticides market is estimated to register a promising CAGR of 5.9% over the forecast period, owing to numerous factors, about which PMR offers thorough insights and forecasts in this report. The global animal parasiticides market registered a value of US$ 6,976.2 Mn in 2015 and is anticipated to reach a market valuation of US$ 13,064.7 Mn by 2026. The prime factors powering the demand for animal parasiticides are increasing awareness about animal healthcare, increasing demand of animal derived food products, growing concern about foodborne diseases and zoonotic diseases, growth in adoption of companion animals and increase in animal healthcare expenditure. However, a growing preference for vegetarian food and diet and a stringent approval process for animal parasiticides coupled with restrictions on the use of parasiticides in food producing animals are the restraints affecting the global animal parasiticides market. A key trend defining the market is that larger players are focused towards enhancing their geographical presence and expanding their customer base by entering into strategic mergers and acquisitions. Furthermore, huge investment from government organizations and private players for research and development activities is also a key trend of global animal parasiticides market. The market is segmented based on product type, animal type, distribution channel and region. Based on product type, the market is sub-segmented into Ectoparasiticides, Endoparasiticides and Endectocides. Among the product type segment, Endoparasiticides segment is expected to exhibit the highest revenue growth over the forecast period. The Endoparasiticides product type segment is expected to register a significant CAGR of 5.9% during the forecast period in terms of value. The Ectoparasiticides segment is projected to exhibit a CAGR of 5.7% over the forecast period in terms of value. Request to view table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/animal-parasiticide-market/toc The market has also been segmented by animal type into food producing animals and companion animals. The food producing animals segment is expected to be the largest over the forecast period, with the segment witnessing a CAGR of 6.2% during the forecast period. One of the key growth drivers for animal parasiticides market is the growing concern about foodborne and zoonotic diseases. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/7996 This report assesses trends driving growth of each segment on the regional as well as country level and offers potential takeaways that could prove substantially useful to animal parasiticides manufacturers looking to enter the market. Western Europe market has been estimated to dominate the global animal parasiticides market, accounting for a maximum revenue share of the market by 2016 end. North America is expected to account for over 20.0% revenue share of the global animal parasiticides market by 2016 end. Among the emerging markets, APEJ is estimated to exhibit a significant CAGR of 6.4% over the forecast period, followed by the North America market, due to increasing awareness about animal healthcare and increasing demand for animal derived food products. CategoriesGoogle News TagsAnimal Parasiticides, Animal Parasiticides Market, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sanchez Energy Announces First Quarter 2017 Operating Results; Comanche Integration Remains on Schedule as the Company Achieves Record Production Next PostNext Health Diaphragm Valves Market Key Manufacturers Analysis with Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin, Market Share and Growth Rate Forecasts 2022 Search Recent Posts UMass Amherst Jazz Ensembles, Students Win Top Honors in DownBeat Magazines Student Music Awards Population Council Presents New Analyses on Girls Education, Rights-Based Family Planning, and Mens Use of Contraception at Population Association of America Annual Meeting TVAs Regional Energy Resource Council Meets in Knoxville Captiva Verde Industries Ltd. Completes Plan of Arrangement Cenovus reports voting results of election of Directors Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman 2017 Top 5 Travelers Vaccines Manufacturers size, share, segments, Trends, Estimates and Forecasts This report studies Travelers Vaccines in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa, focuses on the top 5 Travelers Vaccines Players in each region, with sales, price, revenue and market share for top 5 manufacturer, covering GlaxoSmithKline/Novartis Sanofi Pasteur Pfizer Merck Sanofi Pasteur MSD CNBG Biokangtai Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales, revenue, market share of top 5 players in these regions, from 2012 to 2017 (forecast), like North America (United States, Canada and Mexico) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Korea) Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy and Russia etc. South America (Brazil, Chile, Peru and Argentina) Middle East and Africa (Egypt, South Africa, Saudi Arabia) Get a PDF Sample of Market Report at: www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/200929 Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into Meningococcal Vaccine Japanese Encephalitis Vaccine? Rabies Vaccine Typhoid Vaccine Yellow Fever Vaccine Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Travelers Vaccines in each application, can be divided into Tourists Students Workers Others About Us:                  Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us:       Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Automotive Lighting Market 2017 By Key Manufactures: Next PostNext Calcium Suppliment Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Search Recent Posts Breast Biopsy System Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Bone Therapeutic Sales Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Global Aluminum Billets Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global Ammonium Bicarbonate Market 2017 By Key Manufactures: Rhodia(Solvay), MCF Biodegradable Stents Sales Market Segmentation Application, Technology & Research Report to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Preclinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 NEW YORK, April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Summary The Preclinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 report provides comprehensive understanding and unprecedented access to the preclinical stage partnering deals and agreements entered into by the worlds leading healthcare companies Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03812943/Global-Preclinical-Stage-Partnering-Terms-and-Agreements-in-Pharma-and-Biotech.html Description The Global Preclinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 report provides a detailed understanding and analysis of how, why and what terms companies enter preclinical stage partnering deals. These deals tend to be multicomponent, starting with collaborative R&D, and commercialization of outcomes. This report provides details of the latest preclinical agreements announced in the healthcare sector. Understanding the flexibility of a prospective partner’s negotiated deals terms provides critical insight into the negotiation process in terms of what you can expect to achieve during the negotiation of terms. Whilst many smaller companies will be seeking details of the payments clauses, the devil is in the detail in terms of how payments are triggered – contract documents provide this insight where press releases and databases do not. This report contains a comprehensive listing of over 2,000 preclinical stage partnering deals announced since 2010 including financial terms, where available, including links to online deal records of actual preclinical partnering deals as disclosed by the deal parties. In addition, where available, records include contract documents as submitted to the Securities Exchange Commission by companies and their partners. Contract documents provide the answers to numerous questions about a prospective partner’s flexibility on a wide range of important issues, many of which will have a significant impact on each party’s ability to derive value from the deal. The initial chapters of this report provide an orientation of preclinical stage deal making and business activities. Chapter 1 provides an introduction to the report, whilst chapter 2 provides an overview of why companies partner preclinical stage compounds/products. Chapter 3 provides an overview of preclinical stage deals strategy and deal structure including numerous case studies. Chapter 4 provides an overview of the various payment strategies used in preclinical stage deals. Chapter 5 provides a review of preclinical stage deal making since 2010. Deals activity is reviewed by year, stage of development at signing, therapeutic area, technology type, as well as most active dealmakers. Chapter 6 provides a detailed analysis of preclinical stage payment terms including headline, upfront, milestone and royalty rates. Chapter 7 provides a review of the leading preclinical stage deal by headline value. Each deal title links via Current Agreements deals and alliances database to an online version of the full deal record, and where available, the actual contract document, providing easy access to each deal record on demand. Chapter 8 provides a comprehensive listing of the top 50 most active preclinical stage dealmaker companies. Each deal title links via Current Agreements deals and alliances database to an online version of the full deal record, and where available, the actual contract document, providing easy access to each deal record on demand. Chapter 9 provides a comprehensive and detailed review of preclinical stage partnering deals signed and announced since 2010, where a contract document is available in the public domain. Chapter 10 provides a comprehensive directory of preclinical stage partnering deals since 2010. The report includes deals announced by hundreds of life science companies including big pharma such as Abbott, Abbvie, Actavis, Amgen, Astellas, AstraZeneca, Baxter, Bayer, Biogen Idec, BMS, Celgene, Eisai, Eli Lilly, Gilead, GSK, J&J, Kyowa Hakko, Merck, Mitsubishi, Mylan, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Sanofi, Shire, Takeda, Teva, and Valeant, amongst many others. The report also includes numerous tables and figures that illustrate the trends and activities in preclinical stage partnering and deal making since 2010. In addition, a comprehensive appendix of all preclinical deals since 2010 is provided organized by partnering company A-Z, deal type, therapy focus and technology type. Each deal title links via Weblink to an online version of the deal record and where available, the contract document, providing easy access to each contract document on demand. In conclusion, this report provides everything a prospective dealmaker needs to know about partnering in the research, development and commercialization of preclinical stage products and compounds. Key benefits Global Preclinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 provides the reader with the following key benefits: – In-depth understanding of preclinical stage deal trends since 2010 – Access to headline, upfront, milestone and royalty data – Analysis of the structure of preclinical stage agreements with numerous real life case studies – Insight into the terms included in a preclinical stage agreement, together with real world clause examples – Understand the key deal terms companies have agreed in previous deals – Undertake due diligence to assess suitability of your proposed deal terms for partner companies Report scope Global Preclinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 is intended to provide the reader with an in-depth understanding and access to preclinical stage deal trends and structure of deals entered into by leading companies worldwide. Global Preclinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 includes: – Trends in preclinical stage dealmaking in the biopharma industry since 2010 – Analysis of preclinical stage deal structure – Access to headline, upfront, milestone and royalty data – Case studies of real-life preclinical stage deals – Access to over 2,000 preclinical stage deals – The leading preclinical stage deals by value since 2010 – Most active preclinical stage dealmakers since 2010 – The leading preclinical stage partnering resources In Global Preclinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017, the available contracts are listed by: – Company A-Z – Headline value – Stage of development at signing – Deal type – Specific therapy target Each deal title links via Weblink to an online version of the deal record and where available, the contract document, providing easy access to each contract document on demand. The Global Preclinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 report provides comprehensive access to available deals and contract documents for over 2,000 preclinical stage deals. Analyzing actual contract agreements allows assessment of the following: – What are the precise rights granted or optioned? – What is actually granted by the agreement to the partner company? – What exclusivity is granted? – What is the payment structure for the deal? – How aresalesand payments audited? – What is the deal term? – How are the key terms of the agreement defined? – How are IPRs handled and owned? – Who is responsible for commercialization? – Who is responsible for development, supply, and manufacture? – How is confidentiality and publication managed? – How are disputes to be resolved? – Under what conditions can the deal be terminated? – What happens when there is a change of ownership? – What sublicensing and subcontracting provisions have been agreed? – Which boilerplate clauses does the company insist upon? – Which boilerplate clauses appear to differ from partner to partner or deal type to deal type? – Which jurisdiction does the company insist upon for agreement law? The Preclinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 report provides the reader with the following key benefits: – In-depth understanding of preclinical stage deal trends since 2010 – Access to headline, upfront, milestone and royalty data – Comprehensive access to over 2,000 preclinical stage deals together with contract documents if available – Detailed access to actual preclinical stage deals entered into by the leading fifty big pharma and big biotech companies along with other biopharma companies – Analysis of the structure of preclinical stage agreements with numerous real life case studies – Identify leading preclinical stage deals by value since 2010 – Identify the most active preclinical stage dealmakers since 2010 – Full listing of preclinical stage deals by company A-Z, phase of development, deal type, therapy and technology focus – Understand the key deal terms companies have agreed in previous deals Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03812943/Global-Preclinical-Stage-Partnering-Terms-and-Agreements-in-Pharma-and-Biotech.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need – instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-preclinical-stage-partnering-terms-and-agreements-in-pharma-and-biotech-2010-2017-300446628.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FH Foundation’s FOCUS analysis shows that regardless of medical need, prescriptions for PCSK9 inhibitors are being rejected at high rates Next PostNext Oil Painters of America Hosts its 26th National Juried Exhibition of Traditional Oils & Convention At Eisele Gallery of Fine Art in Cincinnati, Ohio Search Recent Posts Healthcare Master Data Management Market Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2016-2026 Eldercare-Assistive Robots Market Revenue, Opportunity, Forecast and Value Chain 2016-2026 Sensor Fusion Market Volume Forecast and Value Chain Analysis 2016-2026 Hydrocarbons Accounting Solution Market size and Key Trends in terms of volume and value 2016-2026 ICE Start And Stop System Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2016-2026 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Victaulic and Follett Proudly Support Student Entrepreneurship and Strategic Thinking EASTON, Pa., April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Victaulic and Follett are proud to support Lehigh Valley Tech (LVTech) and the Ben Franklin Technology Partners of Northeastern Pennsylvania in the first-ever Collegiate Business Pitch Summit competition. During the event, students will get the opportunity to showcase their ideas and strategic business plans to entrepreneurs, investors, business leaders and other students from the greater Lehigh Valley community. Business plan competitions are a key part of entrepreneurship education. They provide students with opportunities to develop and practice pitches. This year’s judges include Michael Rice, Vice President of Marketing at Follett, Peter Lega, Director of Emerging Technology at Merck and Company and Eric Luftig, Vice President at Victaulic. „Entrepreneurship is alive and well in the Lehigh Valley,” comments Eric Luftig, Victaulic Vice President. „We are all proud to support the schools and students at this inaugural event as it aligns well with our collective companies – turning new ideas into viable business and customer solutions.” Encouraging college students to apply technology knowledge and business skills to solve complex open-ended problems in a real-world context is the goal of LVTech’s intercollegiate entrepreneurial competition.   „We truly appreciate the judges and sponsors, without whose support we wouldn’t be able to present the Lehigh Valley Collegiate Business Pitch Summit,” said Wayne Barz, Manager of Entrepreneurial Services of the Ben Franklin Technology Partners of Northeastern Pennsylvania, which is the venue sponsor of the event. „The event will encourage entrepreneurship and good-natured competition among the students.” Six colleges will compete in a pitch-off at the inaugural Lehigh Valley Collegiate Business Pitch Summit at Ben Franklin TechVentures® on Thursday, April 27, 6 – 9 p.m. Teams from Lafayette College, Lehigh Carbon Community College, Lehigh University, Muhlenberg College, Penn State Lehigh Valley, and Alvernia University, will participate in this Lehigh Valley event. The event is open to the public and free-of-charge. Registration is required; go to http://bit.ly/2oorenC. About Victaulic Since 1919, Victaulic has been the originator and world’s leading producer of mechanical pipe joining solutions. Used in the most demanding markets, Victaulic innovative piping technologies and services put people to work faster while increasing safety, ensuring reliability and maximizing efficiency. The company has 13 manufacturing facilities and 30 branches worldwide with 3,600 employees who speak 43 languages across the globe. With over 1,900 global patents, Victaulic solutions are at work in more than 140 countries across diverse business lines including oil, gas and chemical, mining, power generation, water and wastewater treatment, military and marine, as well as commercial building and fire protection. For more information, visit www.victaulic.com. About Follett LLC Since 1948 Follett LLC has led the industry in designing and manufacturing high quality, innovative ice storage bins, ice storage and transport systems, ice machines, ice and water dispensers, and ice and beverage dispensers for the global foodservice industry, and medical-grade refrigerators and freezers for the healthcare industry. For more information visit, www.follettice.com About the Ben Franklin Technology Partners of Northeastern Pennsylvania The Ben Franklin Technology Partners of Northeastern Pennsylvania (BFTP/NEP) creates and retains highly paid, sustainable jobs by linking early-stage technology-based firms and established manufacturers with experts, universities, funding, and other resources to help them prosper through innovation. It is part of an award-winning, four-center economic development initiative of the Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development and is funded by the Ben Franklin Technology Development Authority. For more information, visit www.nep.benfranklin.org To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/victaulic-and-follett-proudly-support-student-entrepreneurship-and-strategic-thinking-300446575.html SOURCE Victaulic Related Links http://www.victaulic.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2-DAY DEADLINE: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Invuity, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Next PostNext Homeownership in the Crosshairs of Latest Tax Plan, Say Realtors® Search Recent Posts Universal Health Realty Income Trust Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results Badger Meter Signs Agreement to Acquire D-Flow Technology AB of Luleå, Sweden Samenvatting: Petrópolis Group stapt over op ERP-ondersteuning van Rimini Street Hexion Wins Six ACC Responsible Care® Awards Bankrate, Inc. To Report First Quarter 2017 Earnings On May 4, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Trading Nation My Success Story Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Iconic Tour Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Economy Economy World Economy US Economy The Fed Central Banks Jobs GDP outlook The last time companies got a break on overseas profits, it didn't work out well Congress in 2004 approved a repatriation tax holiday that brought back $312 billion in overseas profits. Most of the money was used not for economic growth but to give cash back to shareholders. Jeff Cox | @JeffCoxCNBCcom 11 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cohn: We are trying to stimulate business investment    13 Hours Ago | 03:20 The Trump administration wants to give companies a break on profits earned overseas and brought back to the United States — a program that's been tried before to little effect. Current estimates put the total stockpile that U.S firms are holding abroad so as to avoid U.S. taxes at somewhere in the $2.5 trillion range. Back in 2004, Congress approved a plan to "repatriate" such overseas funds that companies could bring back home at a reduced rate. The program was part of the American Jobs Creation Act. The hope then, as now, was that companies would shovel that money back into the economy in the form of investment and job creation. It didn't quite work out that way. Contrary to the intent, the benefits skewed toward a select few companies in a select few industries. Rather than use the money for hiring and capital purchases, companies plowed the cash into share buybacks and dividends, and many of the biggest beneficiaries actually cut American jobs in the years after the repatriation. "While empirical evidence is clear that this provision resulted in a significant increase in repatriated earnings, empirical evidence is unable to show a corresponding increase in domestic investment or employment," the Congressional Research Service, Congress' nonpartisan think tank, said in a report. The CRS cited a series of reports into the benefits of repatriation, with a common theme that the 2004 program was "an ineffective means of increasing economic growth." How it worked last time around In the 2004 case, 9,700 companies were eligible to take part in a tax holiday that would bring the overseas cash back at a rate of 5.25 percent, well below the 35 percent rate for profits earned abroad. Of that group, 843 firms participated. They brought home $312 billion in qualified earnings, or about one-third of the total cash held overseas, according to the CRS. That translated into total deductions of $265 billion. For certain industries and companies, the program worked out nicely. Chris Ratcliffe | Bloomberg | Getty Images A Pfizer technician as she works at Neusentis Ltd.'s research laboratory, a unit of Pfizer Inc., in Cambridge, U.K., on Thursday, Sept. 26, 2013. Five companies — Pfizer, Merck, Hewlett-Packard, Johnson & Johnson and IBM — accounted for 28 percent, or more than a quarter, of total repatriations. The top 15 tax holiday beneficiaries accounted for 52 percent of the total benefit. Moreover, the pharmaceutical and medicine industry alone comprised 32 percent of the total, and combined with the computer and electronic equipment sector to make up fully one-half of the repatriated cash. Jobs slashed In the 2005-06 time frame, Pfizer, which repatriated $37 billion, slashed 10,000 jobs. Merck, which brought back $15.9 billion, cut 7,000 jobs, and HP pared its employment rolls by 14,500 after repatriating $14.5 billion. Most of the money went to repairing balance sheets and rewarding shareholders, according to the CRS. According to one study cited, as much as 91 cents on the dollar went to share repurchases, even though that, along with compensation increases, was an expressly prohibited use by Congress. Prohibited uses for the cash weren't easy to track as the money ended up being commingled with other corporate funds. The CRS study said one of the biggest faults was that the permitted uses were "overly generous" and not "explicitly linked to specific uses." Few details yet from White House It's unclear whether the Trump administration will tie any strings to what is done with the repatriated cash. When it unveiled the plan on Wednesday, the White House also did not specify what the repatriation rate will be. "It will be a very competitive rate that will bring back trillions of dollars," Treasury Secretary Stephen Mnuchin said at a news conference Wednesday. Mnuchin and chief Trump economic advisor Gary Cohn did stress that the tax holiday will be a one-time event. If companies believe additional repatriation moves will come, they often are tempted to hold onto their cash in hopes of getting further breaks in the future. In fact, the CRS report said overseas corporate profits actually swelled after the 2004 holiday. "Simply put, the more the repatriated earnings are used to shore up a corporation's balance sheet or paid to shareholders, the less the stimulative effect of the repatriations," the report said. Correction: In the 2005-06 time frame, Pfizer repatriated $37 billion. An earlier version misstated the figure. WATCH: Mnuchin explains that the White House wants to simplify the tax code and lower the amount most Americans pay. show chapters Mnuchin: This is massive tax reform & simplification    13 Hours Ago | 02:33 Jeff CoxFinance Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PFE --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Victaulic and Follett Proudly Support Student Entrepreneurship and Strategic Thinking Inaugural intercollegiate competition offers Lehigh Valley students the opportunity to display their innovative thinking. EASTON, Pa., April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Victaulic and Follett are proud to support Lehigh Valley Tech (LVTech) and the Ben Franklin Technology Partners of Northeastern Pennsylvania in the first-ever Collegiate Business Pitch Summit competition. During the event, students will get the opportunity to showcase their ideas and strategic business plans to entrepreneurs, investors, business leaders and other students from the greater Lehigh Valley community. Business plan competitions are a key part of entrepreneurship education. They provide students with opportunities to develop and practice pitches. This year's judges include Michael Rice, Vice President of Marketing at Follett, Peter Lega, Director of Emerging Technology at Merck and Company and Eric Luftig, Vice President at Victaulic. "Entrepreneurship is alive and well in the Lehigh Valley," comments Eric Luftig, Victaulic Vice President. "We are all proud to support the schools and students at this inaugural event as it aligns well with our collective companies – turning new ideas into viable business and customer solutions." Encouraging college students to apply technology knowledge and business skills to solve complex open-ended problems in a real-world context is the goal of LVTech's intercollegiate entrepreneurial competition.   "We truly appreciate the judges and sponsors, without whose support we wouldn't be able to present the Lehigh Valley Collegiate Business Pitch Summit," said Wayne Barz, Manager of Entrepreneurial Services of the Ben Franklin Technology Partners of Northeastern Pennsylvania, which is the venue sponsor of the event. "The event will encourage entrepreneurship and good-natured competition among the students." Six colleges will compete in a pitch-off at the inaugural Lehigh Valley Collegiate Business Pitch Summit at Ben Franklin TechVentures® on Thursday, April 27, 6 – 9 p.m. Teams from Lafayette College, Lehigh Carbon Community College, Lehigh University, Muhlenberg College, Penn State Lehigh Valley, and Alvernia University, will participate in this Lehigh Valley event. The event is open to the public and free-of-charge. Registration is required; go to http://bit.ly/2oorenC. About Victaulic Since 1919, Victaulic has been the originator and world's leading producer of mechanical pipe joining solutions. Used in the most demanding markets, Victaulic innovative piping technologies and services put people to work faster while increasing safety, ensuring reliability and maximizing efficiency. The company has 13 manufacturing facilities and 30 branches worldwide with 3,600 employees who speak 43 languages across the globe. With over 1,900 global patents, Victaulic solutions are at work in more than 140 countries across diverse business lines including oil, gas and chemical, mining, power generation, water and wastewater treatment, military and marine, as well as commercial building and fire protection. For more information, visit www.victaulic.com. About Follett LLC Since 1948 Follett LLC has led the industry in designing and manufacturing high quality, innovative ice storage bins, ice storage and transport systems, ice machines, ice and water dispensers, and ice and beverage dispensers for the global foodservice industry, and medical-grade refrigerators and freezers for the healthcare industry. For more information visit, www.follettice.com About the Ben Franklin Technology Partners of Northeastern Pennsylvania The Ben Franklin Technology Partners of Northeastern Pennsylvania (BFTP/NEP) creates and retains highly paid, sustainable jobs by linking early-stage technology-based firms and established manufacturers with experts, universities, funding, and other resources to help them prosper through innovation. It is part of an award-winning, four-center economic development initiative of the Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development and is funded by the Ben Franklin Technology Development Authority. For more information, visit www.nep.benfranklin.org   SOURCE Victaulic CategoriesUncategorized TagsConstruction/Building, Education, Higher Education Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Digital Security Tips for Travelers from Travel Insurance Site TravelInsurance.com Next PostNext Ready Before We Are – Semper Fi Search Recent Posts Global Seedling Heat Mat Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Industry Analysis and Forecast 2017 By Acute Market Reports Importance of WarehouseOS Grows as Robotics in E-Commerce Expands Topper Industrial Carts Safe Alternative to Excessive Speeds of Fork Trucks IndustryWeek Event May 8 – 10 Will Look at Demand Driven Manufacturing Michigan Municipal League Fund Announces Loss Control Achievement Awards Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market Worth at USD 5.46 Billion by 2022 Human Vaccines Market which was $ 2.8 billion in 2015 to reach around $ 5.46 billion in future, growing at a CAGR of 11.8% | Human Vaccines Market Major Key Players : GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Merck & Co. Inc., Pfizer, Inc., Sanofi Pasteur, Inc., AstraZeneca Plc., Bharat Biotech, Shenzhen Kangtai Biological Products, Valeant Pharmaceuticals” — shrikesh PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, April 26, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Highlights A vaccine contains a biological preparation of a weakened or killed microbial agent, its toxins or its surface proteins, which provides active acquired immunity against the disease caused by the microbe. Vaccination stimulates and trains the body immunity to recognize and destroy the microbial threat in later encounters. According to World Health Organization (WHO), out of the total number of children worldwide who did not receive the required three doses of diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis vaccines, more than 40% were from sub-Saharan Africa. Sub Saharan Africa accounts for a bulk share of unimmunized people in Africa. The other African nations with large number of unimmunized people include Nigeria, Iraq, Chad, Niger, Angola, Somalia, Sudan, Democratic Republic of Congo, Ethiopia, Iraq, Nigeria, Uganda and South Africa. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2671 The market for vaccines in Middle East and Africa presents immense potential. The market driving factors are unmet needs for vaccination, policies of national Governments and international bodies such as World Health Organization (WHO) which provide huge funding and international aid, increasing funds from philanthropy organizations such as Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, inclusion of several new vaccines in the national immunization schedule of many countries, development of new vaccines such as for hepatitis; growing awareness, growth of low cost vaccine manufacturing especially in developing countries, the entry of China in the vaccine market etc. Key Players The major participants of this market are: GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Merck & Co. Inc., Pfizer, Inc., Sanofi Pasteur, Inc., AstraZeneca Plc., Bharat Biotech, Shenzhen Kangtai Biological Products, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, Emergent Biosolutions Inc., Astellas Pharma Inc., Panacea Biotec and others. Regional Analysis: Depending on geographic region, human vaccine market is segmented into following countries: UAE, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar and Oman. UAE is the largest market followed by Egypt. However the future market will be led by the poor developed parts of Africa due to large unmet needs and the favorable government policies. Segmentation: Middle East and Africa human vaccines market has been segmented on the basis of technology commonly mentioned as “by technology” which comprises attenuated, inactivated, toxoid, conjugate, & subunit, recombinant DNA. On the basis of disease indication the market is segmented into pneumococcal, influenza, hepatitis, rotavirus, DTP, polio and others. On the basis of type market is segmented into prophylactic and therapeutic. On the basis of composition the market is again segmented into mono vaccine and combination vaccines. On the basis of route of administration; market is segmented into oral, injectable and other. On the basis of end user; market is segmented into children and adults. Browse full Human Vaccines Market @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/human-vaccines-market-2671 Taste the market data and market information presented in more than 60 market data tables and figures spread over 84 pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content (TOC) & market synopsis on “The Middle East and Africa Human Vaccine Market Research Report – Forecast to 2022”. Table of Content 1 Introduction 2 Research Methodology 3 Market Dynamics 4 Market Factor Analysis 4.1 Porter’s Five Forces Model 4.1.1 Bargaining Power of suppliers 4.1.2 Bargaining Power of Customer 4.1.3 Intensity of Competitor’s 4.1.4 Threat of New Entrants 5 Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market, by Technology 6 Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market, by Disease Indication 7 Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market, by Type 7.1 Introduction 7.1.1 Prophylactic 7.1.2 Therapeutic 8 Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market, by Composition 8.1 Introduction 8.1.1 Mono vaccine and 8.1.2 Combination vaccines 9 Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market, by Route of Administration 9.1 Introduction 9.1.1 Oral 9.1.2 Injectible 9.1.3 Others 10 Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market, by End User About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Laser Displacement Sensor Market 2017 – Panasonic, OPTEX, OMRON Next PostNext Embraer Enters Innovation Partnership with Uber Elevate Network Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market Worth at USD 5.46 Billion by 2022 Human Vaccines Market which was $ 2.8 billion in 2015 to reach around $ 5.46 billion in future, growing at a CAGR of 11.8% | Human Vaccines Market Major Key Players : GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Merck & Co. Inc., Pfizer, Inc., Sanofi Pasteur, Inc., AstraZeneca Plc., Bharat Biotech, Shenzhen Kangtai Biological Products, Valeant Pharmaceuticals” — shrikesh PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, April 26, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Highlights A vaccine contains a biological preparation of a weakened or killed microbial agent, its toxins or its surface proteins, which provides active acquired immunity against the disease caused by the microbe. Vaccination stimulates and trains the body immunity to recognize and destroy the microbial threat in later encounters. According to World Health Organization (WHO), out of the total number of children worldwide who did not receive the required three doses of diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis vaccines, more than 40% were from sub-Saharan Africa. Sub Saharan Africa accounts for a bulk share of unimmunized people in Africa. The other African nations with large number of unimmunized people include Nigeria, Iraq, Chad, Niger, Angola, Somalia, Sudan, Democratic Republic of Congo, Ethiopia, Iraq, Nigeria, Uganda and South Africa. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2671 The market for vaccines in Middle East and Africa presents immense potential. The market driving factors are unmet needs for vaccination, policies of national Governments and international bodies such as World Health Organization (WHO) which provide huge funding and international aid, increasing funds from philanthropy organizations such as Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, inclusion of several new vaccines in the national immunization schedule of many countries, development of new vaccines such as for hepatitis; growing awareness, growth of low cost vaccine manufacturing especially in developing countries, the entry of China in the vaccine market etc. Key Players The major participants of this market are: GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Merck & Co. Inc., Pfizer, Inc., Sanofi Pasteur, Inc., AstraZeneca Plc., Bharat Biotech, Shenzhen Kangtai Biological Products, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, Emergent Biosolutions Inc., Astellas Pharma Inc., Panacea Biotec and others. Regional Analysis: Depending on geographic region, human vaccine market is segmented into following countries: UAE, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar and Oman. UAE is the largest market followed by Egypt. However the future market will be led by the poor developed parts of Africa due to large unmet needs and the favorable government policies. Segmentation: Middle East and Africa human vaccines market has been segmented on the basis of technology commonly mentioned as “by technology” which comprises attenuated, inactivated, toxoid, conjugate, & subunit, recombinant DNA. On the basis of disease indication the market is segmented into pneumococcal, influenza, hepatitis, rotavirus, DTP, polio and others. On the basis of type market is segmented into prophylactic and therapeutic. On the basis of composition the market is again segmented into mono vaccine and combination vaccines. On the basis of route of administration; market is segmented into oral, injectable and other. On the basis of end user; market is segmented into children and adults. Browse full Human Vaccines Market @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/human-vaccines-market-2671 Taste the market data and market information presented in more than 60 market data tables and figures spread over 84 pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content (TOC) & market synopsis on “The Middle East and Africa Human Vaccine Market Research Report – Forecast to 2022”. Table of Content 1 Introduction 2 Research Methodology 3 Market Dynamics 4 Market Factor Analysis 4.1 Porter’s Five Forces Model 4.1.1 Bargaining Power of suppliers 4.1.2 Bargaining Power of Customer 4.1.3 Intensity of Competitor’s 4.1.4 Threat of New Entrants 5 Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market, by Technology 6 Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market, by Disease Indication 7 Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market, by Type 7.1 Introduction 7.1.1 Prophylactic 7.1.2 Therapeutic 8 Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market, by Composition 8.1 Introduction 8.1.1 Mono vaccine and 8.1.2 Combination vaccines 9 Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market, by Route of Administration 9.1 Introduction 9.1.1 Oral 9.1.2 Injectible 9.1.3 Others 10 Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market, by End User About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Laser Displacement Sensor Market 2017 – Panasonic, OPTEX, OMRON Next PostNext Embraer Enters Innovation Partnership with Uber Elevate Network Search Recent Posts Encapsulated Flavors And Fragrances Market Industry Analysis, Trend and Growth, 2017-2027 Oxidized Polyethylene Wax (OPE Wax) Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 2017 Asia-Pacific Ball Splines Industry Revenue Market Share Analysis: Market Shares, Analysis, and Index Global Flexible Display Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Oxazole Market 2022: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Travelers Vaccines Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Global Travelers Vaccines Market Report provide detailed analysis for the regions like United States, Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, UK, Italy, Russia, China, Japan, India, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia, Brazil, Middle East and Africa. Pune, India – April 26, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Global Travelers Vaccines Industry Report offers market overview, segmentation by types, application, countries, key manufactures, cost analysis, industrial chain, sourcing strategy, downstream buyers, marketing strategy analysis, distributors/traders, factors affecting market, forecast and other important information for key insight. Access Complete Report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/2017-2022-global-top-countries-travelers-vaccines-market-report Companies profiled in this report are Glaxosmithkline/Novartis, Sanofi Pasteur, Pfizer, Merck, Sanofi Pasteur Msd, Cnbg, Biokangtai in terms of Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors, Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017). Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into o Meningococcal Vaccine o Japanese Encephalitis Vaccine o Rabies Vaccine o Typhoid Vaccine o Yellow Fever Vaccine o Hepatitis B Vaccine o Hepatitis A Vaccine o Cholera Vaccine o Others Vaccines Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Travelers Vaccines in each application, can be divided into o Tourists o Students o Workers o Others Purchase a copy of this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/buy-now/424284 Table of Content: 1 Travelers Vaccines Market Overview 2 Global Travelers Vaccines Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Manufacturers 3 Global Travelers Vaccines Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 4 Global Travelers Vaccines Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 5 North America Travelers Vaccines Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 6 Latin America Travelers Vaccines Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 7 Europe Travelers Vaccines Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 8 Asia-Pacific Travelers Vaccines Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 9 Middle East and Africa Travelers Vaccines Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 10 Travelers Vaccines Manufacturing Cost Analysis 11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 13 Market Effect Factors Analysis 14 Global Travelers Vaccines Market Forecast (2017-2022) 15 Research Findings and Conclusion 16 Appendix Inquire more for more details about this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/ask-your-query/424284 Contact Info: Name: Shirsh Gupta Email: sales@themarketreports.com Organization: The Market Reports Address: SF-29, Sacred World, Wanawadi, Pune Phone: 6314071315 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/global-travelers-vaccines-market-by-types-application-with-price-sale-consumption-and-revenue-forecast-to-2022/190883 For more information, please visit https://www.themarketreports.com/report/2017-2022-global-top-countries-travelers-vaccines-market-report Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 190883 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Video Ad Mastery Helps Users to Create and Convert Audience on FB With Simple Video Ads (Wed 26th Apr 17) Global and Chinese Avocado Oil Industry 2017- Market Predicted to Increase with an Increasing CAGR till 2022 (Wed 26th Apr 17) Global Twist Drill Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 (Wed 26th Apr 17) Global Turbocharger Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 (Wed 26th Apr 17) Global Transparent Conductive Films Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 (Wed 26th Apr 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Diethyl Malonate Market Research 2017; Regional Industry Segment by Production, Consumption, Revenue and Growth Rate Next PostNext Electrolux donation supports more than 10 SC nonprofits feeding the needy; provides funding for 5,400 family meals Search Recent Posts Encapsulated Flavors And Fragrances Market Industry Analysis, Trend and Growth, 2017-2027 Oxidized Polyethylene Wax (OPE Wax) Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 2017 Asia-Pacific Ball Splines Industry Revenue Market Share Analysis: Market Shares, Analysis, and Index Global Flexible Display Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Oxazole Market 2022: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Acute Heart Failure (AHF) Therapeutics - Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - Novel Treatments Offer a Ray of Hope - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 26 Apr, 2017, 13:15 ET Share this article DUBLIN, April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Acute Heart Failure (AHF) Therapeutics - Global Strategic Business Report" report to their offering. This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Acute Heart Failure (AHF) Therapeutics in US$ Thousand. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Japan, Europe, and Rest of World. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. The report profiles 34 companies including many key and niche players such as: Bayer AG (Germany) Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (USA) Cardiorentis AG (Switzerland) CVie Therapeutics Limited (Taiwan) Cytokinetics, Inc. (USA) Merck & Co. (USA) Novartis AG (Switzerland) Orion Corporation (Finland) PhaseBio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (USA) Key Topics Covered: 1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW Market Outlook Acute Heart Failure - An Overview of the Disease and Available Therapeutics Diuretics and Vasodilators - The First Line Therapy for AHF Select Key Diuretics for AHF Treatment by Dosage and Route of Administration Comparison of Most Common Vasodilators Used in ADHF Treatment Other Known Drugs for AHF - Lower Efficacy Thwarts Use Comparison of Select Inotropic Therapies for Acute Heart Failure Treatment Standard Approved AHF Therapeutics as per Agency Guidelines 2. MARKET DRIVERS, TRENDS & ISSUES Conventional Therapies Leave Considerable Unmet Needs Novel Treatments Offer a Ray of Hope Key AHF Therapeutics in the Pipeline Serelaxin Nears Trial Readout form RELAX-AHF-2 Ularitide - A Novel Drug in Development for AHF Ularitide's Fate Hangs in Balance Impact of Ularitide's Clinical Trial Outcomes The Litany of Drug Failures Expands, Emphasis on Prevention Grows Failure of TRV027 - A Disappointment Other Promising Drugs under Development CAP-1002 (Capricor Therapeutics, Inc.) Istaroxime (CVie Therapeutics) PB-1046 (PhaseBio Pharmaceuticals) omecamtiv mecarbil (Cytokinetics & Amgen) CXL-1427 (Bristol Myers Squibb) Research Findings Kidney Dysfunction - Predictor of Acute Heart failure Genetic Influence on Heart Disease among African Americans Higher Body Mass Index - A Key Risk Factor for AHF Supplemental Oxygen Therapy May not be for All Cases of AHF Macro Growth Drivers Alarming Levels of Cardiovascular Disease (CVD) Prevalence: Key Growth Driver for AHF Therapeutics 3. TREATMENT OF ACUTE HEART FAILURE (AHF) Acute Decompensated Heart Failure Treatment by Type and Action Mechanism A Review of Drug Classes ACE Inhibitors Aldosterone Antagonists Angiotensin II Receptor Blockers (ARBs) ß-Blockers Calcium Channel Blockers Cardiac Glycosides Diuretics Dosage of Diuretics Used in the Treatment of AHF Inotropic Agents Digoxin (Lanoxin) Morphine Vasodilators/Nitrates Vasodilators Used in AHF Treatment: Type, Indications for Use and Side Effects Drug Tolerance of Patients Based on Signs and Symptoms Treatment on the Basis of Adverse Signs Oliguria/Anuria (Cardiorenal Syndrome) Drowsiness/Confusion Hypotension (systolic BP<_0mmhg_ /> Persistent Pulmonary Edema Lifestyle Changes 4. ACUTE HEART FAILURE - THE DISEASE, CAUSES, SYMPTOMS, AND EVALUATION METHODS Types of AHF Causes of AHF Coronary Heart Disease Cardiomyopathy High BP Damaged Heart Valves Patho-Physiology of AHF Signs and Symptoms Low Output Fluid Overload/Congestion Left-Sided Failure Right-Sided Failure Biventricular Failure Diagnosis Classification of AHF Left Side and Right Side Systolic Dysfunction and Diastolic Dysfunction Backward and Forward Failure Low-Output Heart Failure and High-Output Heart Failure Functional Classification By NYHA By American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association Phases of Evaluation and Management of AHF Patients Early/Initial Phase In-Hospital Phase Pre-Discharge Phase Early Post-Discharge Phase 5. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITY Capricor Terminates Licensing Deal for Cenderitide with Mayo Clinic Renova Acquires Stresscopin from Janssen Cytokinetics to Sell Part of Potential Royalty on omecamtiv mecarbil to Royalty Pharma CVie Therapeutics Enrolls First Patient for Phase 2b Clinical Trial of Istaroxime ScinoPharm and CVie Therapeutics Collaborate for New AHF Drug Trevena's TRV027 Fails to Meet Clinical Study Endpoints NIH Awards SBIR Grant to Madeleine Pharmaceuticals for Clinical Development of Vastiras® Cardiorentis Raises Funds to Support Competition of Phase III Trials on Ularitide for ADHF FDA Grants Fast Track Designation to Cardiorentis' Ularitide Bristol-Myers Squibb Completes Acquisition of Cardioxyl Cardiorentis Completes Enrollment in Phase III Trial of Ularitide Capricor Therapeutics Completes Enrollment for Phase II Trial of Cenderitide Cardiorentis Enters into Collaboration with Roche Capricor Enters into Agreement to Acquire Patent Rights of Natriuretic Peptides from Medtronic Cardiorentis Enters into 45 million Financing Agreement with HC Royalty USPTO Grants Patent to Trevena's TRV027 FDA Declines Approval for Novartis' Serelaxin 6. FOCUS ON SELECT PLAYERS 7. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE Total Companies Profiled: 34 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries - 35) - The United States (18) - Japan (2) - Europe (10) - Germany (2) - The United Kingdom (2) - Italy (1) - Rest of Europe (5) - Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (5) For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/9nm929/acute_heart Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/acute-heart-failure-ahf-therapeutics---global-strategic-business-report-2017---novel-treatments-offer-a-ray-of-hope---research-and-markets-300445942.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 26 Apr, 2017, 13:30 ET Preview: Global X-ray Tire Inspection System Market to Reach $113.5 Million by 2022 - Rising Automobile Production is Expected to Increase Demand Globally - Research and Markets 26 Apr, 2017, 13:00 ET Preview: Immunoassay Systems - Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - Increasing Use of Immunoassays in Food Sciences and Quality Control - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 26 Apr, 2017, 19:00 ET Global Biolubricants Strategic Business Report 2015-2022 -... 26 Apr, 2017, 19:00 ET Android Operating System Platform Market 2015-2022: Android OS... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Acute Heart Failure (AHF) Therapeutics - Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - Novel Treatments Offer a Ray of Hope - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 26 Apr, 2017, 13:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Global Travelers Vaccines Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Global Travelers Vaccines Market Report provide detailed analysis for the regions like United States, Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, UK, Italy, Russia, China, Japan, India, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia, Brazil, Middle East and Africa. Pune, India - April 26, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Global Travelers Vaccines Industry Report offers market overview, segmentation by types, application, countries, key manufactures, cost analysis, industrial chain, sourcing strategy, downstream buyers, marketing strategy analysis, distributors/traders, factors affecting market, forecast and other important information for key insight. Access Complete Report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/2017-2022-global-top-countries-travelers-vaccines-market-report Companies profiled in this report are Glaxosmithkline/Novartis, Sanofi Pasteur, Pfizer, Merck, Sanofi Pasteur Msd, Cnbg, Biokangtai in terms of Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors, Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017). Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into o Meningococcal Vaccine o Japanese Encephalitis Vaccine o Rabies Vaccine o Typhoid Vaccine o Yellow Fever Vaccine o Hepatitis B Vaccine o Hepatitis A Vaccine o Cholera Vaccine o Others Vaccines Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Travelers Vaccines in each application, can be divided into o Tourists o Students o Workers o Others Purchase a copy of this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/buy-now/424284 Table of Content: 1 Travelers Vaccines Market Overview 2 Global Travelers Vaccines Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Manufacturers 3 Global Travelers Vaccines Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 4 Global Travelers Vaccines Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 5 North America Travelers Vaccines Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 6 Latin America Travelers Vaccines Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 7 Europe Travelers Vaccines Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 8 Asia-Pacific Travelers Vaccines Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 9 Middle East and Africa Travelers Vaccines Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 10 Travelers Vaccines Manufacturing Cost Analysis 11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 13 Market Effect Factors Analysis 14 Global Travelers Vaccines Market Forecast (2017-2022) 15 Research Findings and Conclusion 16 Appendix Inquire more for more details about this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/ask-your-query/424284 Contact Info: Name: Shirsh Gupta Email: sales@themarketreports.com Organization: The Market Reports Address: SF-29, Sacred World, Wanawadi, Pune Phone: 6314071315 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/global-travelers-vaccines-market-by-types-application-with-price-sale-consumption-and-revenue-forecast-to-2022/190883 For more information, please visit https://www.themarketreports.com/report/2017-2022-global-top-countries-travelers-vaccines-market-report Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 190883 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Strawberry Jam Market 2017 Global Key Vendors Analysis, Revenue, Trends & Forecast to 2022 (Thu 27th Apr 17) Global Next Generation Non Volatile Memory Market Analysis, Size, Trends, Opportunites and Forecast by 2024 (Thu 27th Apr 17) Global Water Purifier Industry Forecast to 2021 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, and SWOT Analysis (Thu 27th Apr 17) Global Virgin Coconut Oil Industry Forecast to 2021 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, and SWOT Analysis (Thu 27th Apr 17) Global Ophthalmic Lenses Industry Forecast to 2021 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, and SWOT Analysis (Thu 27th Apr 17) Global Vector Network Analyzer Industry Forecast to 2021 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, and SWOT Analysis (Thu 27th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Zoetis and Merck Dominate US$ 2.26 Bn Companion Animal Vaccines Market Zoetis Inc. will continue to account for a leading share of the US$ 2.26 Bn (2016) global companion animal vaccine market. The pharmaceutical company accounted for over 46% share of the global market in 2015, and it is expected to maintain its numero uno position during the forecast period 2016-2026. Merck & Co., Inc. and Merial, will remain the other key players in this market. The key factors that will fuel demand for companion animal vaccines include, Increasing trend of pet humanisation in developing countries Adoption of pet vaccination programmes, such as ‘herd immunity’ and ‘One Health’ Increasing emphasis on preventing and detecting avian flu Rising pet insurance rates in the U.S. and other developed countries Awareness on the benefits of preventive healthcare over reactive healthcare Collaboration among leading pharmaceutical manufacturers for research and development. According to Future Market Insights’ research, lack of information on emerging virulent veterinary diseases, and decline sales revenues through veterinarians can stifle demand for companion animal vaccines during the forecast period. The longstanding challenges with correctly identifying and understanding antigen/immunogenic structures can also negatively impact the growth of the market. Request For Report Sample: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1427 Product Type Analysis: Attenuated Live Vaccines will Continue to Witness Highest Demand  Companion Animal Vaccines Market Forecast (in US$ Mn) Product 2016 2026 Attenuated Live Vaccines 764 1543.5 Conjugate Vaccines XX XX Inactivated Vaccines XX XX Subunit Vaccines XX XX Toxoid Vaccines XX XX DNA Vaccines XX XX Recombinant Vaccines XX XX Total XX XX Nearly US$ 764 Mn worth of attenuated live vaccines were sold globally in 2016. This segment is projected to grow at a CAGR of 7.3% during the forecast period 2016-2026. Distribution Channel Analysis: Veterinary Clinics will Remain the Preferred Distribution Channel  Veterinary clinics continue to be the preferred distribution channel for pharma companies, followed by veterinary hospitals. These two point of care centres witness substantial footfall of pet owners all year round, and drug companies continuously focus on increasing sales through these channels. In 2016, these two distribution channels collectively accounted for nearly 75% revenue share of the market. By the end of forecast period, the status quo is expected to remain unchanged. Retail pharmacies, which held 20% share of the market in 2016, will grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. North America – Largest Market for Companion Animal Vaccines  The U.S. continues to be a leading market for companion animal vaccines. High level of awareness among pet owners, combined with easy availability of pet healthcare have resulted into the growth of the market in the U.S. On account of strong demand in the U.S., North America will continue to be the largest market globally. Send An Enquiry: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1427 The North America companion animals market was valued at nearly US$ 676 in 2016. It is projected to increase at 6.9% CAGR through 2026, reaching over US$ 1.3 Bn in revenues. Western Europe, the second-largest market for companion animal vaccines is projected to grow at 7.1% CAGR through 2026. Overall, Future Market Insights maintains a positive outlook on the global companion animal vaccines market, projecting it to grow at 6.8% CAGR during the forecast period 2016-2026. CategoriesGoogle News TagsCompanion Animal Vaccines Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tallest High-Rise Multifamily Building in Plano Scheduled to Break Ground Next PostNext LED Work Lights Market will Procure US$ 10.6 Billion Revenues by 2024 Posted on 26 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Zoetis and Merck Dominate US$ 2.26 Bn Companion Animal Vaccines Market Zoetis Inc. will continue to account for a leading share of the US$ 2.26 Bn (2016) global companion animal vaccine market. The pharmaceutical company accounted for over 46% share of the global market in 2015, and it is expected to maintain its numero uno position during the forecast period 2016-2026. Merck & Co., Inc. and Merial, will remain the other key players in this market. The key factors that will fuel demand for companion animal vaccines include, Increasing trend of pet humanisation in developing countries Adoption of pet vaccination programmes, such as ‘herd immunity’ and ‘One Health’ Increasing emphasis on preventing and detecting avian flu Rising pet insurance rates in the U.S. and other developed countries Awareness on the benefits of preventive healthcare over reactive healthcare Collaboration among leading pharmaceutical manufacturers for research and development. According to Future Market Insights’ research, lack of information on emerging virulent veterinary diseases, and decline sales revenues through veterinarians can stifle demand for companion animal vaccines during the forecast period. The longstanding challenges with correctly identifying and understanding antigen/immunogenic structures can also negatively impact the growth of the market. Request For Report Sample: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1427 Product Type Analysis: Attenuated Live Vaccines will Continue to Witness Highest Demand  Companion Animal Vaccines Market Forecast (in US$ Mn) Product 2016 2026 Attenuated Live Vaccines 764 1543.5 Conjugate Vaccines XX XX Inactivated Vaccines XX XX Subunit Vaccines XX XX Toxoid Vaccines XX XX DNA Vaccines XX XX Recombinant Vaccines XX XX Total XX XX Nearly US$ 764 Mn worth of attenuated live vaccines were sold globally in 2016. This segment is projected to grow at a CAGR of 7.3% during the forecast period 2016-2026. Distribution Channel Analysis: Veterinary Clinics will Remain the Preferred Distribution Channel  Veterinary clinics continue to be the preferred distribution channel for pharma companies, followed by veterinary hospitals. These two point of care centres witness substantial footfall of pet owners all year round, and drug companies continuously focus on increasing sales through these channels. In 2016, these two distribution channels collectively accounted for nearly 75% revenue share of the market. By the end of forecast period, the status quo is expected to remain unchanged. Retail pharmacies, which held 20% share of the market in 2016, will grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. North America – Largest Market for Companion Animal Vaccines  The U.S. continues to be a leading market for companion animal vaccines. High level of awareness among pet owners, combined with easy availability of pet healthcare have resulted into the growth of the market in the U.S. On account of strong demand in the U.S., North America will continue to be the largest market globally. Send An Enquiry: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1427 The North America companion animals market was valued at nearly US$ 676 in 2016. It is projected to increase at 6.9% CAGR through 2026, reaching over US$ 1.3 Bn in revenues. Western Europe, the second-largest market for companion animal vaccines is projected to grow at 7.1% CAGR through 2026. Overall, Future Market Insights maintains a positive outlook on the global companion animal vaccines market, projecting it to grow at 6.8% CAGR during the forecast period 2016-2026. CategoriesGoogle News TagsCompanion Animal Vaccines Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tallest High-Rise Multifamily Building in Plano Scheduled to Break Ground Next PostNext LED Work Lights Market will Procure US$ 10.6 Billion Revenues by 2024 Search Recent Posts Encapsulated Flavors And Fragrances Market Industry Analysis, Trend and Growth, 2017-2027 Oxidized Polyethylene Wax (OPE Wax) Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 2017 Asia-Pacific Ball Splines Industry Revenue Market Share Analysis: Market Shares, Analysis, and Index Global Flexible Display Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Oxazole Market 2022: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,975 -21.03 -0.10% Nasdaq 6,025 -0.27 +0.00% S&P 500 2,387 -1.16 -0.05% 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.3% lower at 5,272.62 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.4% lower at 7,257.12 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 387.56 2:20 A.M. ET Updated Jack Bogle on how to invest in a time of Trump: ‘Be realistic’ 2:15 A.M. ET WPP revenue growth slows; stays downbeat on 2017 2:14 A.M. ET Bayer profit up 38% on plastics; lifts outlook 2:13 A.M. ET Deutsche Bank profit more than doubles 2:13 A.M. ET Samsung posts highest quarterly profit in 3 years 1:51 A.M. ET Roche revenue rises 4% on strong sales 1:51 A.M. ET BBVA profit rises, beating forecasts 1:35 A.M. ET BASF net profit rises 23%, lifted by broad sales 1:34 A.M. ET Lufthansa swings to profit as sales jump 1:34 A.M. ET Deutsche Bank posts higher net income 1:32 A.M. ET Airbus profit drops sharply, hit by higher costs 1:07 A.M. ET China Telecom net profit rises 4.5% 1:07 A.M. ET Dollar drops 0.5% against Canadian dollar to C$1.35445 on U.S. Nafta reassurance 1:06 A.M. ET Dollar slides 1.1% against Mexico peso to 18.96 after news U.S. won't terminate Nafta 12:27 A.M. ET Updated America’s least favorite airline is NOT United Airlines 12:27 A.M. ET Updated When valuing sports memorabilia, steroids are even worse than infidelity and murder 12:25 A.M. ET Updated 5 ways to keep your pet safe while flying Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 By Published: Apr 26, 2017 4:43 a.m. ET Share LONDON, April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Summary The Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 provides comprehensive understanding and unprecedented access to clinical stage partnering agreements entered into by the worlds leading biopharma companies Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3812944/ Description The Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 report provides a detailed understanding and analysis of how and why companies enter clinical stage partnering deals and provides details of the latest clinical agreements announced in the healthcare sector. Understanding the flexibility of a prospective partner's negotiated deals terms provides critical insight into the negotiation process in terms of what you can expect to achieve during the negotiation of terms. Whilst many smaller companies will be seeking details of the payments clauses, the devil is in the detail in terms of how payments are triggered – contract documents provide this insight where press releases and databases do not. This report contains a comprehensive listing of over 2,000 clinical stage partnering deals announced since 2010 including financial terms where available including numerous links to online deal records of actual clinical partnering deals as disclosed by the deal parties. In addition, where available, records include contract documents as submitted to the Securities Exchange Commission by companies and their partners. The initial chapters of this report provide an orientation of clinical stage deal making and business activities. Chapter 1 provides an introduction to the report, whilst chapter 2 provides an overview of why companies partner clinical stage compounds/products. Chapter 3 provides an overview of clinical stage deals strategy and deal structure including numerous case studies. Chapter 4 provides an overview of the various payment strategies used in clinical stage deals. Chapter 5 provides a review of clinical stage deal making since 2010. Deals activity is reviewed by year, stage of development at signing, therapeutic area, technology type, as well as most active dealmakers. Chapter 6 provides a detailed analysis of clinical stage payment terms including headline, upfront, milestone and royalty rates for phase I, phase II and phase III deals. Chapter 7 provides a review of the leading clinical stage deal by headline value. Each deal title links via Current Agreements deals and alliances database to an online version of the full deal record, and where available, the actual contract document, providing easy access to each deal record on demand. Chapter 8 provides a comprehensive listing of the top 50 most active clinical stage dealmaker companies. Each deal title links via Current Agreements deals and alliances database to an online version of the full deal record, and where available, the actual contract document, providing easy access to each deal record on demand. Chapter 9 provides a comprehensive and detailed review of clinical stage partnering deals signed and announced since 2010, where a contract document is available in the public domain. Chapter 10 provides a comprehensive directory of clinical stage partnering deals since 2010 organized by stage of development – phase I, phase II and phase III. The report includes deals announced by hundreds of life science companies including big pharma such as Abbott, Abbvie, Actavis, Amgen, Astellas, AstraZeneca, Baxter, Bayer, Biogen Idec, BMS, Celgene, Eisai, Eli Lilly, Gilead, GSK, J&J, Kyowa Hakko, Merck, Mitsubishi, Mylan, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Sanofi, Shire, Takeda, Teva, and Valeant, amongst many others. The report also includes numerous tables and figures that illustrate the trends and activities in clinical stage partnering and deal making since 2010. In addition, a comprehensive appendix of all clinical stage deals since 2010 is provided organized by partnering company A-Z, deal type, therapy focus and technology type. Each deal title links via Weblink to an online version of the deal record and where available, the contract document, providing easy access to each contract document on demand. In conclusion, this report provides everything a prospective dealmaker needs to know about partnering in the research, development and commercialization of clinical stage products and compounds. Key benefits Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 provides the reader with the following key benefits: In-depth understanding of clinical stage deal trends since 2010 - Access to headline, upfront, milestone and royalty data - Analysis of the structure of clinical stage agreements with numerous real life case studies - Insight into the terms included in a clinical stage agreement, together with real world clause examples - Understand the key deal terms companies have agreed in previous deals - Undertake due diligence to assess suitability of your proposed deal terms for partner companies Report scope Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 is intended to provide the reader with an in-depth understanding and access to clinical stage deal trends and structure of deals entered into by leading companies worldwide. Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 includes: Trends in clinical stage dealmaking in the biopharma industry since 2010 Analysis of clinical stage deal structure Access to headline, upfront, milestone and royalty data Case studies of real-life clinical stage deals Access to over 2,000 clinical stage deals The leading clinical stage deals by value since 2010 Most active clinical stage dealmakers since 2010 The leading clinical stage partnering resources In Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017, the available contracts are listed by: Company A-Z - Headline value - Stage of development at signing - Deal type - Specific therapy target Each deal title links via Weblink to an online version of the deal record and where available, the contract document, providing easy access to each contract document on demand. The Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 report provides comprehensive access to available deals and contract documents for over 2,000 clinical stage deals. Analyzing actual contract agreements allows assessment of the following: What are the precise rights granted or optioned? What is actually granted by the agreement to the partner company? What exclusivity is granted? What is the payment structure for the deal? How aresalesand payments audited? What is the deal term? How are the key terms of the agreement defined? How are IPRs handled and owned? Who is responsible for commercialization? Who is responsible for development, supply, and manufacture? How is confidentiality and publication managed? How are disputes to be resolved? Under what conditions can the deal be terminated? What happens when there is a change of ownership? What sublicensing and subcontracting provisions have been agreed? Which boilerplate clauses does the company insist upon? Which boilerplate clauses appear to differ from partner to partner or deal type to deal type? Which jurisdiction does the company insist upon for agreement law? Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 provides the reader with the following key benefits: In-depth understanding of clinical stage deal trends since 2010 - Access to headline, upfront, milestone and royalty data - Comprehensive access to over 2,000 clinical stage deals together with contract documents if available - Detailed access to actual clinical stage deals entered into by the leading fifty big pharma and big biotech companies along with other biopharma companies - Analysis of the structure of clinical stage agreements with numerous real life case studies - Identify leading clinical stage deals by value since 2010 - Identify the most active clinical stage dealmakers since 2010 - Full listing of clinical stage deals by company A-Z, phase of development, deal type, therapy and technology focus - Understand the key deal terms companies have agreed in previous deals Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3812944/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-clinical-stage-partnering-terms-and-agreements-in-pharma-and-biotech-2010-2017-300445981.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Americans may soon have to kiss these lucrative personal tax deductions goodbye Trump’s tax plan sets the stage for Dow 30,000 Dow, S&P 500 end with a whimper after Trump's 'massive' tax proposal The $2 trillion earnings day: Google, Amazon and Microsoft top frenzy of reports Film Trailer: 'Wonder Woman' MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Vericel Corporation to explore rapid microbiology methods at Pharmaceutical Microbiology West Coast (1888PressRelease) April 26, 2017 – SMi’s Pharmaceutical Microbiology West Coast taking place in San Diego on June 8th and 9th 2017, bringing together experts within the microbiology community as the two day programme focuses on the latest trends and opportunities within the field. SMi has announced that Vericel Corporation’s Senior Director for Research & Development, John Duguid has joined the expert speaker line up at the conference. Speaking on day two of the event. John will be discussing „US approval of three rapid microbiological methods for MACI product release” of the evolution of regulatory requirements and automated rapid microbiological methods enabling results within hours. John joins a line-up of experts including: Donald Singer, GSK Fellow, Sterilies Microbiology, RD, GSK, Ren-Yo Forng, Scientific Director, Amgen, Lina Orjuela, Microbiologist, Merck, Paul Ricciatti, Sterility Assurance Manager, Bimeda, Jeanne Moldenhauer, Vice President, Excellent Pharma Consulting. The full list of speakers and their topics can be viewed on www.pharma-microbiology-usa.com Pharmaceutical Microbiology West Coast will provide a platform to discuss challenges involved with microbial control and paths which will need to be taken to ensure efficient sterility assurance. The importance of environmental modelling will be highlighted as well as an insight into the latest developments in rapid microbial methods. Running alongside the event will be two pre-conference workshops held on June 7th. WORKSHOP A: Technologies for Monitoring Contamination Control and Case Studies on Contamination Control. Hosted by Jim Polarine Jr, Senior Technical Service Manager, STERIS Corporation and Andrew Bartko, Research Leader, Battelle Memorial Institute. WORKSHOP B: Microbial Required Use for Terminal Sterilization. Hosted by Jerry Dalfors, Principal, JD Technologies For those wanting to attend registration is live at www.pharma-microbiology-usa.com Pharmaceutical Microbiology USA 8 – 9 June 2017 San Diego, California, USA www.pharma-microbiology-usa.com/xxx Contact e-mail: zgale ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk Contact tel: +44 (0) 207 827 6184 #smimicrobiology For sponsorship packages: Contact Alia Malick +44 (0) 207 827 6168 or e-mail amalick ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk dot For delegate enquiries: Contact Fateja Begum on +44 (0) 20 7827 6184 or email fbegum ( @ ) smi-online dot co.uk For media enquiries, contact Kafayat Obanigba on +44 (0) 20 7827 6138 or kobanigba ( @ ) smi-online dot co.uk About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sapiens Unveils Full Life Insurance Transformation Suite at 2017 Life Insurance Conference Next PostNext eRevMax completes 2-way integration with ResAvenue Search Recent Posts Delårsrapport, 1 januari–31 mars 2017 Interim report, 1 January-31 March 2017 Bufab Group: Interim report January – March 2017 Bufab Group: Delårsrapport januari – mars 2017 Global Bile Duct Cancer (Cholangiocarcinoma) Treatment Market is Anticipated to Record Highest Growth Rate by 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Top Entrepreneurs’ Advice → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Gates Foundation Leads $45.5M Round for Gerngross’ Biotech Arsanis David Holley April 26th, 2017 @xconholley @xconomy Like Us Xconomy Boston —  Arsanis, a Waltham, MA-based biotech co-founded by scientist and entrepreneur Tillman Gerngross to develop treatments for bacterial and viral infections, has raised a $45.5 million investment led by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to finance a mid-stage clinical trial for its lead drug program. The Series D round of funding will pay for Arsanis’ Phase 2 trial for its lead drug, ASN100, a combination of two monoclonal antibodies that aim to treat Staphylococcus aureus pneumonia, a potentially life-threatening illness caused by a strain of what’s commonly known as a staph infection. The condition is often treated with antibiotics, according to one study. Arsanis is comparing a single dose of ASN100 to a placebo in its global Phase 2 trial and expects results in 2018, the company says. Other new investors in the round include GV (formerly Google Ventures, the investment arm of the Internet giant) and Alexandria Venture Investments. Earlier investors OrbiMed, Polaris Venture Partners, SV Health Investors, NeoMed, EMBL Ventures, and the Anna Maria and Stephen Kellen Foundation also contributed. With the new round, Arsanis has raised about $90.5 million in equity funding and another $4 million in debt financing, according to regulatory filings. Gerngross, who co-founded Arsanis in 2010, got his start as an assistant professor of biochemical engineering at Dartmouth College in 1998 before forming two life sciences companies, GlycoFi and Adimab. GlycoFi, which had a technology for producing protein drugs in yeast, sold to Merck (NYSE:MRK) for $400 million in 2006. Lebanon, NH-based Adimab developed an antibody discovery technology, and Arsanis spun out of Adimab to apply the technology to viral and bacterial infections. His most recent company, Avitide, raised a $7.6 million Series C round in 2015. Arsanis says it will use some of the money to research neonatal S. aureus sepsis, an infection it says disproportionately affects newborns in developing countries. The company also plans to use the funding to research other monoclonal antibodies for other bacterial and viral infections, including multi-drug resistant Escherichia coli and Klebsiella pneumoniae, Streptococcus pneumoniae, and RSV, according to a prepared statement. The Gates Foundation has the option to provide funding to two additional drug programs that would focus on global health, according to the statement. David Holley is Xconomy's national correspondent based in Austin, TX. You can reach him at dholley@xconomy.com Follow @xconholley Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME Avitide Gets $7.6M More to Purify Complex Biologics Gerngross Mulls Buying Back GlycoFi After Merck Closes HQ Smart-Bug Maker Synlogic Nabs $5M From Gates Foundation Trending on Xconomy Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable While You Were Sleeping: ResMed Builds an Empire in the Cloud Desktop Metal, Backed By $97M, Unveils Its First Metal 3D Printers X Xconomy Impact—Innovation That Matters So many companies want to "change the world," but how do you build something that makes a real difference? Find out what Boston companies are making an impact on society on June 22! June 22, 2017 Register Now! Underwriters and Partners The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Psoriasis Treatment Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer 26 Apr, 2017, 15:16 ET Share this article LONDON, April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Psoriasis Treatment Market - Overview This report on the Psoriasis Treatment market analyzes the current and future scenario of the global market. Approval of new biologics, increase in access for the treatment in developing market, increase in the number of psoriasis patients, are boosting the growth of the global Psoriasis Treatment market. Increase in the incidence of Psoriasis and skin disorders, and novel pipeline drugs are some of the factors expected to drive the growth of global Psoriasis Treatment market during the forecast period. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4644555/ The Psoriasis Treatment market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes market snapshot that provides information about various segments. It also provides information and data analysis of the global market with respect to the segments based on products, distribution channel, therapy type and geography. A detailed qualitative analysis of drivers and restraints, and opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. Additionally, the section comprises Porter's Five Forces Analysis to help understand the competitive landscape in the market. This section also provides market attractiveness analysis in terms of geography and market share analysis by key players, thus presenting a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the global Psoriasis Treatment market. Global Psoriasis Treatment Market - Segmentation In this report, the market segments have been analyzed based on availability of approved products, cost-effectiveness, and preference for technological systems by physicians and patients. The market size and forecast for each of these segments have been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. Based on product type, the market has been segmented into TNF Inhibitors, Vitamin D analogues or its combination, Interleukin Blockers and Others. Interleukin blockers segment is likely to be the most attractive segment in the near future due to its increasing use and its ability to act selectively by targeting the proteins. The segment is expected to grow at a highest CAGR rate during forecast period. Based on Therapy type, the global Psoriasis Treatment market has been segmented into Topical Therapeutic Drugs, Systemic Therapeutic Drugs, Combinations of therapies & others. The market segments have been extensively analyzed based on increase in demand for the therapies, availability of the drug products, and cost of therapy and severity of the disease. Different types of distribution channels are responsible for making the psoriasis treatment available in the market. The distribution channels are Hospital pharmacy, Retail pharmacy and the online sales. Under the distribution channel segment, hospital pharmacy plays a major role followed by retail pharmacy and online sales. Geographically, the global Psoriasis Treatment market has been categorized into five major regions and the key countries in the respective region: North America (U.S. and Canada), Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Spain, Italy, and Rest of Europe), Asia Pacific (India, Japan, China, Australia & New Zealand, and Rest of Asia Pacific), Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, and Rest of Latin America) and Middle East & Africa (South Africa, Saudi Arabia, and Rest of Middle East & Africa). Companies Mentioned in the Report The report also profiles major players in the global Psoriasis Treatment market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, SWOT analysis, and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include Amgen Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Inc., AstraZeneca, AbbVie Inc., LEO Pharma A/S and Biogen. The Global Psoriasis Treatment Market has been segmented as given below: Psoriasis Treatment Market, by Product TNF Inhibitors Vitamin D Analogues or Combinations Interleukin Blockers Others Psoriasis Treatment Market, by Therapy Topical Therapeutic Drugs Systemic Therapeutic Drugs Combinations Others Psoriasis Treatment Market, by Distribution Channel Hospital Pharmacy Retail Pharmacy Online Sales Others Psoriasis Treatment Market, by Region North America U.S. Canada Europe Germany U.K. France Italy Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Australia & New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Middle East & Africa Saudi Arabia South Africa Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4644555/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/psoriasis-treatment-market---global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024-300446525.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com 26 Apr, 2017, 15:18 ET Preview: Sex Toys Market in Japan 2017-2021 26 Apr, 2017, 15:12 ET Preview: Butane Gas Cartridges Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 26 Apr, 2017, 17:35 ET Toluene Market by Application and Derivative - Global Forecast to... 26 Apr, 2017, 17:35 ET Surgical Sealants & Adhesives - Global Market Outlook (2016-2022) Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Psoriasis Treatment Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer 26 Apr, 2017, 15:16 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Football Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Nelson Street project is too much for Whitehouse Station | Opinion Print Email Community Bulletin By Community Bulletin Hunterdon County Democrat on April 26, 2017 at 11:34 AM, updated April 26, 2017 at 11:36 AM comments To the editor: In the last month and a half, I have learned the importance of paying attention to local politics. I am not a political person by nature, but I, along with others, have learned some hard lessons about the dealings of our local officials. The Nelson Street Redevelopment Plan adopted by Readington Township calls for 72 rental units on roughly 4-and-a-half acres of wooded, wetlands in downtown Whitehouse Station. There will be approximately 300 people living on these 4-and-a-half acres. I think it is safe to say that this will become the most densely populated region in Whitehouse Station. Back in February of 2016, the Readington Township Committee passed a resolution to give people within 200 feet of the study area (the Nelson Street site) due notice of the date of a public hearing to determine if the study area was an area in need of redevelopment. In July of 2016, the Planning Board held an open hearing so that the public could voice any objections to this plan. Sounds reasonable, does it not? The problem is that we (the public living within 200 feet) were never notified of this hearing. If given the opportunity, the public could have easily rebuked this redevelopment plan in its infancy. The township claimed evidence of waste dumping on the site detrimental to public health, safety and welfare. There was no such thing. The site was "hindered by wetlands." When your township considers wetlands to be a hindrance, you know you are in trouble. They said the site could not be developed by private means and yet Fallone Builders had acquired the necessary permits to build two houses on this site. You do not spend years acquiring permits if you are not given the impression that you can build on a site. Lastly, and perhaps most importantly, is the word redevelopment itself. This site has never been developed so how can it be redeveloped? By calling it a redevelopment plan the developer can apply for grant money it would not otherwise receive. The township can then allow the developer waivers and variances it would not otherwise be able to provide and the list goes on and on. The crux of the matter is that developers are circling Readington Township like buzzards ready to pounce unless we show in good faith that were are in the process of providing affordable housing. While to some extent this may be true, the township acts like the Nelson Street site is its only option. Here is why I think the township needs this plan. I think the township has financial concerns. You cannot litigate the Solberg Airport in the bucolic part of the township for millions and millions of dollars and not feel the repercussions of your misguided actions. Yet, the township continues to appeal this case at the taxpayer's expense while this money could be used to purchase true redevelopment properties. While no plan is ideal, how about 20 units behind the Rail on Main Street (already developed) and 10 rental units behind the gas station on Main Street (already developed) and 20 units on Route 22 where the old dilapidated diner sits like an eye sore? There are many other locations along Route 22 (like Merck) that have been developed but are vacant. We have motels along Route 22 that could be bought and redeveloped. The Nelson Street site is not for the benefit of the citizens that the township represents, but our objections fall on deaf ears. The township is between a rock and a hard place. They never expected such resistance to the Nelson Street plan, and they do not really have a plan B. The feeling here is that we are all going to go off the cliff together. This is what happens when you withhold the truth from people. They are full speed ahead on this plan even though they are staring an iceberg in the face. The iceberg is the environmental constraints of this development. Julia Allen, the matriarch of Readington Township, a current member of the planning board and someone I held in high esteem for years, told me after the April 18, 2017, planning board meeting that it was a mistake to not notify us of the public hearing last July. She also said that had we presented our objections back then, the planning board may have recognized the building of this site to not be in the best interests of the community. My response to that Ms. Allen is that two wrongs do not make a right. When I asked Ms. Allen why this site had not been preserved as open space, her response was that the township had not gotten around to it. My interpretation of this statement is as follows: The township will continue to preserve open space in the southern part of the township. If you live in Whitehouse Station north to Route 78, also known as the Whitehouse Corridor Strategic Plan (located on the Readington Township Planning Board's homepage), then you are a part of the development plan. The proposed developer of the Nelson Street site is Whitehouse Urban Renewal Associates, LLC, which I find to be a bit disconcerting. Whoever thought that Whitehouse Station would be classified as an urban renewal area? We are not enjoying this process in the least, and we do not want to create financial hardship for ourselves, our neighbors or for the township itself. We do not want to take the township to court, but it may be our only recourse in saving an environmentally sensitive low-lying area that abuts a trout maintenance tributary from development. On the Albanese Heller For Readington Facebook page we are considered hypocrites for wanting to seek legal recourse in this matter. We are not trying to claim eminent domain here. Are we not justified in trying to protect our rights as American citizens? Whatever happened to liberty and justice for all? I believe now is the time to stand up for our rights. I believe now is the time to let our local officials know that we will not be fodder for their past indiscretions. If you would like to help our cause, please go to whitehouse-wetlands.org. We cannot do this alone. Robert Baumgaertner Readington Township The writer is president of Whitehouse Wetlands Tributary Preserve, Inc.   Most Read N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Departments Local Photos Editorials Obituaries Entertainment Weddings and Anniversaries Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
For full functionality, it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Top categories Blood / Hematology Bones / Orthopedics Breast Cancer Colorectal Cancer Depression Eczema / Psoriasis GastroIntestinal Hypertension Lymphoma / Leukemia Men's Health Neurology / Neuroscience Nutrition / Diet Pain / Anesthetics Prostate / Prostate Cancer Respiratory Sexual Health / STDs Stroke Tuberculosis Urology / Nephrology Women's Health All categories A - B C - D E - G H - L M - O P - R S - Z All Topics Your MNT Not a member yet? Get the most out of Medical News Today. Subscribe to our Newsletter to recieve: Professionally-verified articles Daily or weekly updates Content custom-tailored to your needs Create an account More Sign up for our newsletter Discover in-depth, condition specific articles written by our in-house team. Join a discussion Newsletter MNT - Hourly Medical News Since 2003 Search Go Login Not a member yet? Get the most out of Medical News Today. Subscribe to our Newsletter to recieve: Professionally-verified articles Daily or weekly updates Content custom-tailored to your needs Create an account Log-in to your account Sign in Forgot your password? Top categories Blood / Hematology Bones / Orthopedics Breast Cancer Colorectal Cancer Depression Eczema / Psoriasis GastroIntestinal Hypertension Lymphoma / Leukemia Men's Health Neurology / Neuroscience Nutrition / Diet Pain / Anesthetics Prostate / Prostate Cancer Respiratory Sexual Health / STDs Stroke Tuberculosis Urology / Nephrology Women's Health All categories A - B C - D E - G H - L M - O P - R S - Z All Topics Your MNT Not a member yet? Get the most out of Medical News Today. Subscribe to our Newsletter to recieve: Professionally-verified articles Daily or weekly updates Content custom-tailored to your needs Create an account More Sign up for our newsletter Discover in-depth, condition specific articles written by our in-house team. Join a discussion Newsletter MNT - Hourly Medical News Since 2003 Search Go Login Not a member yet? Get the most out of Medical News Today. Subscribe to our Newsletter to recieve: Professionally-verified articles Daily or weekly updates Content custom-tailored to your needs Create an account Log-in to your account Sign in Forgot your password? Account dashboard Create / edit your custom homepage Edit your newsletter settings View your opinions Edit your MNT profile Update your password settings Log out Your MNT account status Basic registration information Set a secure password Customize your newsletter(s) Set your MNT news preferences Check your inbox to confirm your email address Please refer to your activation email.If you would like to request a new activation link, click the button to request another. Adapted Media Release Conferences 5th Annual Chief Medical Officer Summit, May 10-11, 2017, Boston Published: Wednesday 26 April 2017 Published: Wed 26 Apr 2017 email The Conference Forum has announced the launch of the 5th Annual Chief Medical Officer Summit (CMO Summit) to be held on May 10-11, 2017, at the Colonnade Hotel in Boston, MA. The CMO Summit is the only emerging biotech event in the country specifically for Chief Medical Officer peer-to-peer learning, benchmarking and support. "The Chief Medical Officer faces a unique set of challenges at small and emerging biotechs, often with limited resources," explains Jennifer Moran, Producer at The Conference Forum. "The CMO Summit addresses the particular struggles of this role - which can be an isolated one, with all the responsibility for driving clinical development and CRO management while meeting the needs of investors. We recognized early-on the need for an event that brought CMOs together to start building a network of support." Program leadership for 2017 includes Chair Dr David Valacer, CMO at Molecular Templates; Bob Coughlin, President and CEO at MassBio; Travis McCready, President and CEO at Massachusetts Life Sciences Center; Kees Been, Founder, President and CEO at Lysosomal Therapeutics; Dr Michael Rosenblatt, CMO at Flagship Pioneering; Ken Getz, Tufts CSDD; Vikas Goyal, Senior Associate at SR One; and Alex Zisson, Managing Director at H.I.G. Capital. 2017 Keynotes Announced: 2017 Keynote, Dr Rosenblatt, a former Merck CMO, will share his observations on career path decision-making and will compare the experiences and lessons learned from being the CMO on the drug development versus the biotech investor sides of the industry. Mr Been is also keynoting with an address on the critical stages in the growth of a biotech start-up. As the current CEO at Lysosomal Therapeutics and the former CEO of EnVivo, Mr Been offers valuable insights into what it takes to meaningfully advance through the stages of the biotech lifecycle. Returning to the program by popular demand, Mr Getz will present his annual keynote on the Impact of M&A on Drug Development Performance and Collaborations. Political Impact on Biotech Address: Mr Coughlin and Mr McCready will deliver the Impact of Current Politics and Policy on Biotech R&D. As the leaders of two organizations that advocate for the growth and success of biotech, they are up-to-date and mindful of outside influences on the sector. They will strategize and offer advice on: Whether the 21st Century Cures Act is more hype than reality? What does the change in administration mean for biotech? What should CMOs be thinking about and acting on in 2017? About the Chief Medical Officer Summit: The CMO Summit is dedicated to accomplishing two goals: To bring together CMO and R&D leadership from emerging biotechs to address the unique challenges in directing all R&D functions with limited resources, while raising capital and strategizing for appropriate exits. To create a network of CMOs and R&D Leadership from small to mid-size life science companies to benchmark, share ideas, solutions and support. Learn more about the Chief Medical Officer Summit. Rate this article 5th Annual Chief Medical Officer Summit, May 10-11, 2017, Boston Public / Patient Not yet rated Health Professionals Not yet rated Ratings require JavaScript to be enabled. 0 0 email email print References Additional information Citations These tabs require JavaScript to be enabled. Source: The Conference Forum LLC Visit our Conferences category page for the latest news on this subject, or sign up to our newsletter to receive the latest updates on Conferences. Please use one of the following formats to cite this article in your essay, paper or report: MLA The Conference Forum LLC. "5th Annual Chief Medical Officer Summit, May 10-11, 2017, Boston." Medical News Today. MediLexicon, Intl., 26 Apr. 2017. Web. 27 Apr. 2017. <http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/releases/317130.php> APA The Conference Forum LLC. (2017, April 26). "5th Annual Chief Medical Officer Summit, May 10-11, 2017, Boston." Medical News Today. Retrieved from http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/releases/317130.php. Please note: If no author information is provided, the source is cited instead. Contact our news editors For any corrections of factual information, or to contact our editorial team, please see our contact page. Please note: Any medical information published on this website is not intended as a substitute for informed medical advice and you should not take any action before consulting with a health care professional. For more information, please read our terms of use. Copyright Medical News Today: Excluding email/sharing services explicitly offered on this website, material published on Medical News Today may not be reproduced, or distributed without the prior written permission of Medilexicon International Ltd. Please contact us for further details. Most popular in: Conferences Medical Support Conference, 25th-26th April, London 5th Annual Chief Medical Officer Summit, May 10-11, 2017, Boston Knowledge Center Detailed articles about specific areas of medicine, conditions, nutrition, and forms of treatment. Visit now Or choose a specific subject below. -- Select a subject -- Abscess (Dental) Achalasia Achilles Tendinitis Acid Reflux Acne Acoustic Neuroma (Vestibular Schwannoma) Acromegaly Actinomicosis Actinomycosis Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Acute Myeloid Leukemia Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome Addiction Addison’s Disease (Primary Adrenal Insufficiency) ADHD Adrenal Fatigue Agoraphobia Air Embolism (Gas Embolism) Albinism Alcohol Poisoning Alcoholic Liver Disease Alcoholism Allergy Alopecia Areata Altitude Sickness (Acute Mountain Sickness) Alzheimer's Disease AMD / Macular Degeneration Amenorrhea Amnesia Amniocentesis Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) Anagen Effluvium Anal Cancer Anal Fissure Anal Itching (Itchy Bottom) Anaphylaxis Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS) Anemia Anemia (Vitamin Deficiency) Anesthesiologist Aneurysm Anger Angina Angioedema Anhidrosis (Hypohidrosis) Ankylosing Spondylitis Anorexia Nervosa Anthrax Antimicrobial Resistance Antiphospholipid Syndrome (Hughes Syndrome) Anxiety Aphasia Appendicitis Arrhythmia Arsenic Poisoning Arthritis Asperger Syndrome Asthma Astigmatism Ataxia Atherosclerosis Athlete's Foot Atrial Fibrillation Atrophic Vaginitis (Vaginal Atrophy) Autism Avian Influenza Back Pain Bacterial Vaginosis Baker's Cyst (Popliteal Cyst) Balanitis Baldness Bartholin's Cyst Bed Sores (Pressure Ulcers) Bell's Palsy Binge Eating Disorder Bipolar Disorder Bird Flu Blackheads Bladder Cancer Bladder Stones Blastoma Blepharitis Blisters Body Dysmorphic Disorder Body dysmorphic disorder Body Odor (B.O.) Boils, furuncles, carbuncles Bone Cancer Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) Botulism Brain Abscess (Cerebral Abscess) Breast Cancer Breast Cancer (Male) Breast Lumps Breast Pain (Mastalgia) Bronchiectasis (Bronchiectasia) Bronchitis Bulimia Nervosa Bursitis Cancer Candidiasis Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Carcinoma Cardiovascular Disease Carpal Tunnel Syndrome Cartilage Damage Cataracts Catatonic Schizophrenia Cellulite Cellulitis Cerebral Palsy Cerebrovascular Disease Cervical Cancer Cervical Spondylosis Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Chickenpox Child Abuse Childhood schizophrenia Chlamydia Cholecystitis (Gallbladder Inflammation) Cholera Cholestasis Of Pregnancy (Obstetric Cholestasis) Cholesterol Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS) Chronic Kidney Failure Chronic Rhinosinusitis (CRS) Cirrhosis CJD Claustrophobia Clostridium Difficile (C. Difficile) Clubfoot (Talipes Equinovarus) Cluster Headache Cold Sores Colic Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Coma (Comatose) Common Cold Complex Regional Pain Syndrome (CRPS) Concussion Congenital Heart Disease (Congenital Heart Defect) Conjunctivitis (allergic) Conjunctivitis (infective) Constipation COPD, Emphysema Corns / Calluses Coronary Heart Disease (Coronary Artery Disease) Coronavirus Infection Costello Syndrome Cough Crabs (Pubic Lice) Craniosynostosis Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) Crohn's Disease Croup Cryptorchidism (Undescended Testicle) Cryptosporidiosis Cushing's Syndrome Cystic Acne Cystic Fibrosis Cystitis Cysts Cytomegalovirus (CMV) Dandruff Dandruff Deep Vein Thrombosis Degenerative Disc Disease Dehydration Delayed ejaculation Dementia Dengue Fever Depersonalization Depression Detached Retina DHT Diabetes Diabetes Insipidus Diabetic Neuropathy Diabetic Retinopathy Diarrhea Diphtheria Discoid Eczema (Nummular Dermatitis) Disorganized Schizophrenia (Hebephrenia) Diverticulitis Double Vision (Diplopia) Down Syndrome Dry Eye Syndrome Dry Mouth (Xerostomia) Dupuytren’s Contracture Dysautonomia Dysentery Dyslexia Dysphagia Dyspraxia Dystonia E.coli Earwax Impaction Ebola Ectopic Pregnancy Eczema Edema Embolism Emphysema Encephalitis Endocarditis Endometriosis Entropion Enuresis - Bedwetting Epidermolysis Bullosa Epiglottitis Epilepsy Epiphora (Watering Eye) Erectile dysfunction Esophageal Cancer Esophagitis Essential Tremor Euthanasia (Assisted Suicide) Exophthalmos (Bulging Eyes) Eye Melanoma (Ocular Melanoma) Fabry Disease Facelift (Rhytidectomy) Farsightedness (Presbyopia) Fatigue Febrile Seizures (Convulsions) Female Genital Mutilation Fever Fibroids Fibromyalgia Flat Feet (Fallen Arches) Flatulence Food Allergy Food Intolerance Fordyce Spots Fracture (Broken Bones) Frostbite Frozen Shoulder Gallstones Gambling Addiction Ganglion Cyst Gangrene Gastroenteritis / Food Poisoning Gaucher's Disease Genital Warts GERD Giardiasis Gilbert Syndrome Gingivitis Glandular Fever Glaucoma Glomerulonephritis Glue Ear Gluten Intolerance / Celiac Disease Goiter (Goitre) Gonorrhea Gout Graves’ Disease Guillain-Barre Syndrome Gum Disease (Gingivitis) Gynecology Gynecomastia Hair Loss / Baldness Halitosis (Bad Breath) Hangover Hashimoto’s Thyroiditis (Hashimoto’s Disease) Hay Fever Head Lice Headaches Hearing Impairment (Deafness) Heart Attack Heart Block (AV Bundle/Bundle Branch Block) Heart Disease Heart Failure Heart risk Heartburn Heat Rash (Prickly Heat) Heat Stroke (Sunstroke) Heel Pain Hemochromatosis Hemophilia Hemroids / Hemorrhoids Hepatitis Hepatitis C Hernia Herpes Hiccups Hiccups (Hiccoughs) High Blood Pressure Hirsutism (Excessive Hairiness) HIV / AIDS Hives Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) HPV infection Huntington's Disease Hydrocephalus (Water On The Brain) Hyperhidrosis (Excessive Sweating) Hyperlipidemia Hypertension (High Blood Pressure) Hyperthyroidism Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Hypochondria Hypoglycemia Hypotension Hypothermia Hypothyroidism Hysterectomy Impacted Wisdom Teeth Impetigo Incontinence (bowel) Incontinence (urinary) Indigestion Infant Jaundice Infertility Inflammation Influenza / Flu Ingrown Toenail Insomnia Interstitial Cystitis Irregular Periods (Oligomenorrhea) Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) Irritable Hip (Acute Transient Synovitis) Japanese Encephalitis Jaundice Jet Lag Kawasaki Disease Ketosis Kidney Cancer Kidney Infection (Pyelonephritis) Kidney Stones Kienbock's disease Lactose Intolerance Laryngeal Cancer (Cancer Of The Larynx) Laryngitis Latex Allergy Lazy Eye Leg Cramps Leg Pain Legionnaires' Disease Leprosy Leptospirosis Leukemia Lichen Planus Listeria Infection (Listeriosis) Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Lupus Lyme Disease Lymph glands Lymphedema Lymphoma Mal De Debarquement Syndrome (MdDS) Malaria Male menopause Malnutrition Marfan Syndrome Mastitis Measles Meniere's disease Meningitis Menopause Menorrhagia Mental Health MERS-CoV Mesothelioma Metabolic Syndrome Metatarsalgia (Stone Bruise) Microbiota Microbiome Microcephaly Migraine Miscarriage Moles Molluscum Contagiosum Morning Sickness (Nausea Gravidarum) Morton's Neuroma Motion Sickness (Travel Sickness) Motor Neuron Disease Mouth Cancer MRSA Multiple Myeloma Multiple Sclerosis Mumps Munchausen Syndrome Munchausen Syndrome By Proxy Muscular Dystrophy (MD) Myasthenia Gravis (Goldflam Disease) Nail Fungal Infection Narcissistic Personality Disorder Narcolepsy Nasal Polyps Nausea NDM-1 Necrotizing Fasciitis Neurofibromatosis Neuromyelitis Optica (Devic's Disease) Neuropathy Neurosis Neutropenia Nicotine Dependence (Dangers Of Smoking) Night terrors Noonan Syndrome Norovirus Infection Obesity Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD) Occupational Asthma Opioid-Induced Constipation (OIC) Oral Thrush (Babies) Oral Thrush (Oral Candidiasis) Osteoarthritis Osteochondritis Dissecans Osteomyelitis (Bone Infection) Osteopathy Osteoporosis Otitis Externa (Swimmer's Ear) Ovarian Cancer Ovarian Cyst Paget's Disease (Of Bone) Paget's Disease (Of Breast) Pain Painful Intercourse (Dyspareunia) Pancreatic Cancer Pancreatitis (acute) Pancreatitis (chronic) Panic Attacks Panic Attacks Paranoid Schizophrenia Parasites Parkinson's Disease Pelvic Inflammatory Disease Peptic Ulcers Pericarditis Period Pains Periodontitis Peripheral Artery Disease (PAD) Personality Disorders Peyronie’s disease Phobias Piles (Hemorrhoids) Pimples Pinworms (Threadworms) Pleurisy Pneumococcal Disease Pneumonia Poison Ivy Rash Polio Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) Polyuria (Frequent Urination) Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) Postherpetic Neuralgia Postpartum Depression Prader-Willi Syndrome Preeclampsia Premature Ejaculation Premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD) Premenstrual Syndrome (PMS) Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis Progeria Prominent Ears Prostate Cancer Psoriasis Psoriasis Psychosis Pulmonary Edema (Oedema) Pulmonary Embolism Pulmonary hypertension Q Fever Rabies Radiation Sickness (Radiation Poisoning) Ramsay Hunt Syndrome Raynaud's Disease Rectocele (Proctocele) REM Behavior Disorder Repetitive Strain Injury (RSI) Respiratory Syncytial Virus Restless Legs Syndrome Rheumatic Fever Rheumatoid Arthritis Rhinitis, Non-Allergic Rickets Ringworm Rosacea Rubella Ruptured Spleen Salivary Gland Cancer Salmonella Sarcoma SARS Scabies Scarlet Fever (Scarlatina) Schistosomiasis (Bilharzia) Schizoaffective Disorder Schizophrenia Sciatica Scleroderma Scoliosis Scurvy Seasonal Affective Disorder Seborrheic Keratosis Sepsis Sexual Addiction (Nymphomania) Shin Splints Shingles Short Stature (Dwarfism) Sinusitis Sjogren's Syndrome Skin Cancer / Melanoma Skin Tags Slapped Cheek Syndrome Sleep Apnea Sleep Paralysis Social Anxiety Disorder Spina Bifida Spinal Muscular Atrophy Squint (Strabismus) Stomach Cancer (Gastric Cancer) Strep Throat / Sore Throat Stress Stress Incontinence Stretch Marks Stroke Stuttering Stye (Hordeolum) Subarachnoid Hemorrhage Suicidal Thoughts Sunburn Sunscreen Swine Flu Syphilis Systematic reviews Tachycardia (Fast Heart Beat) Takotsubo cardiomyopathy Tapeworms (Cestodes) Teeth Grinding (Bruxism) Tendinitis (Tendonitis) Testicular Cancer Testicular Torsion Tetanus Thalassemia Thyroid Cancer Thyroid Nodules Tinnitus Tiredness / Fatigue Tobacco Smoke Toxins Tonsillitis Tourette Syndrome Toxic Shock Syndrome (TSS) Transient Ischemic Attack transient ischemic attack Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) Trigeminal Neuralgia Triple X Syndrome Tuberculosis Tumor Turner Syndrome Typhoid Ulcerative Colitis Umbilical Hernia Urethritis Urinary Tract Infection (UTI) Uveitis Vaculitis (Angiitis) Vaginal Cancer Vaginismus Vaginitis Valley Fever (Coccidioidomycosis) Varicocele Varicose Eczema (Stasis Dermatitis) Varicose Veins Ventricular Fibrillation Vertigo Vesicoureteral Reflux (VUR) Vitamin B12 Deficiency Vitiligo Vocal Cord Paresis (Paralysis) Von Willebrand Disease Vulvar Cancer (Vulval Cancer) Vulvodynia Warts Water On The Knee (Knee Effusion) Water Retention (Fluid Retention) Wegener's Granulomatosis Wernicke-Korsakoff Syndrome West Nile Virus (WNV) Wheat Allergy Whiplash Whipple's Disease Whooping Cough (Pertussis) Williams Syndrome Wilms’ Tumor (Nephroblastoma) Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome Yeast infection (male) Yellow Fever Yips Zika virus Zollinger-Ellison Syndrome Scroll to top Popular news Editorial articles All news topics Knowledge center My MNT Login or sign-up Newsletters Share our content About us Our editorial team Contact us Advertising with MNT get our newsletter Heath tips, wellness advice and more. Subscribe Healthline Media UK Ltd, Brighton, UK. © 2004-2017 All rights reserved. MNT is the registered trademark of Healthline Media. Privacy Policy | Terms | Advertising Policy This page was printed from: http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/releases/317130.php Visit www.medicalnewstoday.com for medical news and health news headlines posted throughout the day, every day. 2017 Healthline Media UK Ltd. All rights reserved. Healthline does not provide medical advice diagnosis or treatment.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Professional Survey Report 2016 Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Industry 2016 Market Overview, Size, Share, Trends, Analysis, Technology, Applications, Growth, Market Status, Demands, Insights, Development, Research and Forecast 2016-2020. This market intelligence report serves its readers with an executive-level blueprint of the global Cervical Cancer Vaccine market. Data from a number of paid and unpaid sources including press releases, journals, presentations, and white papers has been taken into account for collating this report. The various factors influencing the growth of the global Cervical Cancer Vaccine market, including drivers, restraints, and opportunities, are studied in detail. The report serves as a repository of analysis and information regarding various aspects and is aimed at updating stakeholders about the prevailing market dynamics. It identifies the ongoing trends of the global Cervical Cancer Vaccine market in both developed and emerging marketplace. To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @ www.qyresearchreports.com/sample/sample.php?rep_id=759577… The report uses tools such as Porter’s five force analysis and market attractiveness analysis to offer essential insights into the vendor landscape of the global Cervical Cancer Vaccine market. It profiles the key companies operating in the market along with their revenue generation, market shares, latest developments, contact information, and business strategies. Details pertaining to the latest mergers and acquisitions in the market are also mentioned in the report. The report also includes a SWOT analysis that aids in deriving the potential growth trajectory of each prominent player in the market. It contains a separate section of recommendations that help organizations in the market in decision-making and formulate their future strategies. To provide a holistic overview, the report has divided the global Cervical Cancer Vaccine market on the basis of various criteria such as geography and application. It identifies the leading and the most promising segment based on both value and volume. The statistics presented for each segment have been represented through graphical segmentation for a better understanding. This report, thus, provides a 360-degree view of the global Cervical Cancer Vaccine market. Browse Complete Report with TOC @ www.qyresearchreports.com/report/global-cervical-cancer-v… Table of Contents Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Professional Survey Report 2016 1 Industry Overview of Cervical Cancer Vaccine 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Cervical Cancer Vaccine 1.1.1 Definition of Cervical Cancer Vaccine 1.1.2 Specifications of Cervical Cancer Vaccine 1.2 Classification of Cervical Cancer Vaccine 1.2.1 Gardasil 1.2.2 Cervarix 1.3 Applications of Cervical Cancer Vaccine 1.3.1 HPV6 1.3.2 HPV11 1.3.3 HPV16 1.3.4 HPV18 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Cervical Cancer Vaccine 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Cervical Cancer Vaccine 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Cervical Cancer Vaccine 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Cervical Cancer Vaccine 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Cervical Cancer Vaccine 3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Major Manufacturers in 2015 3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Major Manufacturers in 2015 3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Major Manufacturers in 2015 3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Major Manufacturers in 2015 4 Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Overall Market Overview 4.1 2011-2016E Overall Market Analysis 4.2 Capacity Analysis 4.2.1 2011-2016E Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis 4.2.2 2015 Cervical Cancer Vaccine Capacity Analysis (Company Segment) 4.3 Sales Analysis 4.3.1 2011-2016E Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales and Growth Rate Analysis 4.3.2 2015 Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales Analysis (Company Segment) 4.4 Sales Price Analysis 4.4.1 2011-2016E Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales Price 4.4.2 2015 Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment) 5 Cervical Cancer Vaccine Regional Market Analysis 5.1 North America Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Analysis 5.1.1 North America Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Overview 5.1.2 North America 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.1.3 North America 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales Price Analysis 5.1.4 North America 2015 Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Share Analysis 5.2 China Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Analysis 5.2.1 China Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Overview 5.2.2 China 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.2.3 China 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales Price Analysis 5.2.4 China 2015 Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Share Analysis 5.3 Europe Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Analysis 5.3.1 Europe Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Overview 5.3.2 Europe 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.3.3 Europe 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales Price Analysis 5.3.4 Europe 2015 Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Share Analysis 5.4 Southeast Asia Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Analysis 5.4.1 Southeast Asia Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Overview 5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales Price Analysis 5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2015 Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Share Analysis 5.5 Japan Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Analysis 5.5.1 Japan Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Overview 5.5.2 Japan 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.5.3 Japan 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales Price Analysis 5.5.4 Japan 2015 Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Share Analysis 5.6 India Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Analysis 5.6.1 India Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Overview 5.6.2 India 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.6.3 India 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales Price Analysis 5.6.4 India 2015 Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Share Analysis 6 Global 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Segment Market Analysis (by Type) 6.1 Global 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales by Type 6.2 Different Types of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Product Interview Price Analysis 6.3 Different Types of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Product Driving Factors Analysis 6.3.1 Gardasil of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.2 Cervarix of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Growth Driving Factor Analysis 7 Global 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Segment Market Analysis (by Application) 7.1 Global 2011-2016E Cervical Cancer Vaccine Consumption by Application 7.2 Different Application of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Product Interview Price Analysis 7.3 Different Application of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Product Driving Factors Analysis 7.3.1 HPV6 of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Growth Driving Factor Analysis 7.3.2 HPV11 of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Growth Driving Factor Analysis 7.3.3 HPV16 of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Growth Driving Factor Analysis 7.3.4 HPV18 of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Growth Driving Factor Analysis 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Cervical Cancer Vaccine 8.1 MSD 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Gardasil 8.1.3 MSD 2015 Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 MSD 2015 Cervical Cancer Vaccine Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 GSK 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Cervarix 8.2.3 GSK 2015 Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 GSK 2015 Cervical Cancer Vaccine Business Region Distribution Analysis List of Tables and Figures Figure Picture of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Table Product Specifications of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Table Classification of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Figure Global Production Market Share of Cervical Cancer Vaccine by Type in 2015 Figure Gardasil Picture Table Major Manufacturers of Gardasil Figure Cervarix Picture Table Major Manufacturers of Cervarix Table Applications of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Figure Global Consumption Volume Market Share of Cervical Cancer Vaccine by Application in 2015 Figure HPV6 Examples Table Major Consumers of HPV6 Figure HPV11 Examples Table Major Consumers of HPV11 About Us QYReseachReports.com delivers the latest strategic market intelligence to build a successful business footprint in China. Our syndicated and customized research reports provide companies with vital background information of the market and in-depth analysis on the Chinese trade and investment framework, which directly affects their business operations. Reports from QYReseachReports.com feature valuable recommendations on how to navigate in the extremely unpredictable yet highly attractive Chinese market. Contact Us 1820 Avenue M Suite #1047 Brooklyn, NY 11230 United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Web: www.qyresearchreports.com Email: sales@qyresearchreports.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automatic Deburring Machine Market Trends & Forecast to 2021- Industry Analysis by Geographical Regions, Type and Application Next PostNext Standard Motor Products Releases 245 New Parts for Standard® and Intermotor® Search Recent Posts Encapsulated Flavors And Fragrances Market Industry Analysis, Trend and Growth, 2017-2027 Oxidized Polyethylene Wax (OPE Wax) Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 2017 Asia-Pacific Ball Splines Industry Revenue Market Share Analysis: Market Shares, Analysis, and Index Global Flexible Display Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Oxazole Market 2022: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Rise in Incidences of Unprotected Sex, Increases the Prevalence of Sexually Transmitted Diseases, thereby Propelling the Demand of Sexually Transmitted Disease Testing Market Global Sexually Transmitted Disease Testing Market Sexually transmitted diseases, also referred to as venereal diseases, are infections transmitted through sexual contact and are caused by viruses, bacteria, and parasites. These infections usually do not show any symptoms. Medically, when symptoms are diagnosed through various tests, a patient is said to be suffering from sexually transmitted disease or STD. Apart from sexual contact, STDs can in some cases also be transmitted through childbirth, breastfeeding, and shared usage of needles. Gonorrhea, HIV, HPV, chlamydia, and syphilis are the common types of STDs. According to data released by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in 2014, there has been an increase in the reported cases of STDs across the U.S. for the first time since 2006. Browse Complete Market Details at: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sexually-transmitted-d… Rise in incidences of unprotected sex has led to an increase in the prevalence of sexually transmitted diseases, thereby propelling the demand from the global sexually transmitted disease testing market. STD testing is usually advised by physicians even if a person does not show symptoms but has had unprotected sex. There are various types of STD diagnostics available in the market such as viral load monitoring, genotyping, immunoassays, and molecular diagnostic. Global Sexually Transmitted Disease Testing Market: Overview Lack of awareness about sexually transmitted diseases and the rising incidences of unprotected sex have majorly contributed to the growing prevalence of sexually transmitted diseases. The global sexually transmitted disease testing market has been boosted by the high number of patients suffering from STDs, especially in the age group of 15 years to 24 years. In fact, this age group is the most vulnerable to STDs even though it is relatively a small portion of the sexually active population. Recommendations from various regulatory authorities for annual STD screening for sexually active men and women are expected to further fuel the demand for STD testing. STD screening services are now widely covered under health care services and are likely to augment the growth of the global STD testing market. For example, plans under the U.S. Affordable Care Act offer coverage for recommended STD screening services without cost-sharing. Regulatory authorities such as the World Health Organization have outlined strategies for the prevention and control of STDs. Research activities are being carried out to understand the growing prevalence of STDs, particularly Syphilis, among gay and bisexual men. All of these factors are anticipated to drive the growth of the global sexually transmitted diseases testing market. Global Sexually Transmitted Disease Testing Market: Region-wise Outlook The global sexually transmitted disease testing market has been segmented into four key regions: Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, and Rest of the World. In North America, a reported rise in the number of people affected with STDs such as gonorrhea, chlamydia, and syphilis has fuelled the demand for sexually transmitted disease testing. Favorable government policies are also expected to boost the demand from the regional market. Recently, the outbreak of Zika virus and the possibility of the transmission of Zika virus through sexual contact have led authorities in countries in Africa and South America to recommend Zika virus testing. Get Sample Report Containing the Future Market Perspectives at: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Prominent players in the global sexually transmitted disease testing market include Bayer AG, Merck and Company Inc., Abbott Laboratories, and Home Access Health Inc. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Supermicro fördert die Konnektivität konvergierter Rechenzentren mit einem Portfolio von 25/100 Gbps Server-Netzwerklösungen Next PostNext Great Rock Capital Closes $9 Million Deal with Wood-Mode Incorporated Search Recent Posts Univest Corporation of Pennsylvania – Univest Bank and Trust Co. – Reports First Quarter Results Sabesp’s Second Ordinary Tariff Revision – New Schedule Celebrate Sauvignon Blanc Day on 5 May Global Bicycle Lights Market Size 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Tenaris anuncia los resultados del primer trimestre de 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Constructive Government Policies that are Providing Favorable Environment for Healthcare Information Technology Drives Preventive Healthcare Technologies and Services Market Preventive healthcare is fast emerging as the most viable means to cut healthcare costs, making the market for preventive healthcare technologies and services a rapidly developing one. Transparency Market Research, in a report titled “Preventive Healthcare Technologies and Services Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2014 – 2020”, states that the global preventive healthcare technologies and services market will expand at a 9.70% CAGR from 2014 to 2020, with its value rising from US$72.8 bn in 2013 to US$144.8 bn by 2020. Browse Complete Market Details at: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/preventive-healthcare-… The market for preventive healthcare technologies and services is largely driven by the rising public awareness about vaccination and disease management, constructive government policies aimed at the development of healthcare IT, technological upgradation, and growing demand to reduce healthcare costs. The report indicates that a revised cost structure for the healthcare markets in emerging economies is an opportunity worth capitalizing on. However, lack of patient engagement activities, impeding the adoption of preventive healthcare technologies, and high installation and maintenance costs threaten to impede the growth of the global market. The preventive healthcare technologies and services market is broadly segmented into prophylaxis, chronic disease management technologies, early detection and screening technologies, and advanced technologies to reduce errors. In 2013, early detection and screening technologies emerged as the leading segment, with personalized medicine as its most prominent sub-segment. However, registering a strong CAGR of 13.0% from 2014 to 2020, advanced technologies to minimize errors will become the fastest developing segment. The global preventive healthcare technologies and services market is geographically divided into North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and Rest of the World. North America is the largest as well as the fastest developing regional segment and is fueled by supportive reimbursement policies, growing awareness about preventive healthcare technologies, and the presence of several leading players. Being a global IT hub has also worked in favor of the North America preventive healthcare technologies and services market. The Asia Pacific and the Rest of the World regional markets, on the other hand, are anticipated to witness sluggish growth during the forecast period owing to the lack of supportive infrastructure that can help support preventive healthcare technologies and services. Get Sample Report Containing the Future Market Perspectives at: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The segment of advanced technologies to minimize errors includes companies such as ScriptPro LLc, Lifecom, Inc., and Omnicell, Inc. The segment of early detection and screening includes players such as Myriad Genetics, Inc., U-Systems, Inc., Dilon Technologies, Inc., and Novx Systems. The chronic disease management technologies segment has vendors such as Healthways, Inc., Medtronic, Inc., Alere Inc., and Omron Healthcare, Inc., while the segment of prophylaxis includes companies such as Merck & Co., Sanofi Pasteur MSD, and GlaxoSmithKline plc. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Radiology Information Systems Market – Latest Innovations and Upcoming Key Events in the Industry by 2024 Next PostNext Global Consumer Camera Drones Market 2017 Analysis, Opportunities And Forecast To 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Hairy cell Leukemia Treatment Market to Register Steady Growth During 2016 – 2024 Innovation Hub Managing Director Available Today to Discuss Spark Conference Bookings open for Methodist 3Generate youth event I-35W North and Southbound Closed This Weekend NSBA Responds to President’s Executive Order on Federal Control of Education Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Female Infertility, Menopause, and Contraceptive Drugs Market to Incur Rapid Extension by 2021 Menopause, also termed as climacteric, refers to cessation of menstruation. It usually occurs in females aged between 45 and 55 years. Female infertility refers to a condition of infertility in females. Various causes for female infertility are polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), hypothalamic dysfunction, premature ovarian insufficiency, and hyperprolactinemia. Contraceptives are drugs and devices that are used to prevent pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections. Contraceptive drugs are further classified as contraceptive pills, topical contraceptives, and contraceptive injectables. The female infertility, menopause, and contraceptive drugs market is growing at a significant rate due to increasing disorders related to fertility and menopause and rising awareness about different menopause, female infertility and contraceptive drugs. In addition, government initiatives for improving female health are driving the market for female infertility, menopause, and contraceptive drugs. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/4280 Increasing awareness about different disorders in female fertility, menopause, and complications in female health by not using birth control measures is contributing to the growth of the market for female infertility, menopause and contraceptive drugs. In addition, the increasing prevalence of female sexual disorders and improvement in healthcare facilities and technological advancements in the field have been driving the female infertility, menopause, and contraceptive drugs market. However, the side effects associated with the intake of contraceptive drugs and lower adoption rates for drugs associated with treatment of female infertility and menopause have been restraining the market. North America dominates the global market for female infertility, menopause and contraceptive drugs due to the increasing prevalence of disorders related to menopause and female infertility in the region. In addition, high usage of contraceptive pills in the region due to the high efficiency provided by the drugs is driving the overall market for contraceptives. Asia, followed by Europe, is expected to experience high growth rate in the next few years in the female infertility, menopause, and contraceptive drugs market. China and India are expected to be the fastest growing female infertility, menopause, and contraceptive drugs markets in Asia. Some of the key driving forces for the female infertility, menopause and contraceptive drugs market in emerging countries are large pool of patients and rising government initiatives by funding and strict laws. Growing populations and developing economies in countries such as India and China are expected to offer good opportunities for the global female infertility, menopause, and contraceptive drugs market. The arrival on the market of some new products with better efficiency is expected to offer good opportunity for the global female infertility, menopause, and contraceptive drugs market. The growing number of mergers and acquisitions, new product launches, and increasing number of collaborations and partnerships are some of the latest trends that observed in the global female infertility, menopause and contraceptive drugs market. The side effects associated with intake of female infertility, menopause, and contraceptive drugs are a challenge for the market. Request to view Table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/4280 Some of the major companies dealing in global menopause, fertility and contraceptive drugs market include Aventis SA, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Johnson & Johnson, and Merck & Company, Inc. Other significant players in the global menopause, fertility, and contraceptive drugs market include Novartis International AG, Bayers AG, Pharmacia & Upjohn, Inc., Organon, Inc., Berlex Laboratories, Parke-Davis, G. D. Searle & Company, TAP Holdings Inc., The Ares-Serono Group, and American Home Products Corporation. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ad Council Announces New Members of Board of Directors Next PostNext Ensueño® Introduces Hypoallergenic, Plant-based Fabric Softeners In Seven Heavenly Scents Search Recent Posts Univest Corporation of Pennsylvania – Univest Bank and Trust Co. – Reports First Quarter Results Sabesp’s Second Ordinary Tariff Revision – New Schedule Celebrate Sauvignon Blanc Day on 5 May Global Bicycle Lights Market Size 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Tenaris anuncia los resultados del primer trimestre de 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Discovery Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 NEW YORK, April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Summary The Discovery Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 report provides comprehensive understanding and unprecedented access to the discovery stage partnering agreements entered into by the worlds leading biopharma companies Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03812942/Global-Discovery-Stage-Partnering-Terms-and-Agreements-in-Pharma-and-Biotech.html Description The Global Discovery Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 report. The report provides a detailed understanding and analysis of how, why and on what terms companies enter discovery stage partnering deals. These deals are discovery stage whereby the licensee obtains a right or an option right to license the licensors product or technology. These deals tend to be multicomponent, starting with collaborative R&D, and commercialization of outcomes. This report provides details of the latest discovery agreements announced in the healthcare sector. Understanding the flexibility of a prospective partner’s negotiated deals terms provides critical insight into the negotiation process in terms of what you can expect to achieve during the negotiation of terms. Whilst many smaller companies will be seeking details of the payments clauses, the devil is in the detail in terms of how payments are triggered – contract documents provide this insight where press releases and databases do not. This report contains a comprehensive listing of all discovery stage partnering deals announced since 2010 including financial terms where available including over 3,000 links to online deal records of actual discovery partnering deals as disclosed by the deal parties. In addition, where available, records include contract documents as submitted to the Securities Exchange Commission by companies and their partners. Contract documents provide the answers to numerous questions about a prospective partner’s flexibility on a wide range of important issues, many of which will have a significant impact on each party’s ability to derive value from the deal. The initial chapters of this report provide an orientation of discovery stage deal making and business activities. Chapter 1 provides an introduction to the report, whilst chapter 2 provides an overview of why companies partner discovery stage compounds/products. Chapter 3 provides an overview of discovery stage deals strategy and deal structure including numerous case studies. Chapter 4 provides an overview of the various payment strategies used in discovery stage deals. Chapter 5 provides a review of discovery stage deal making since 2010. Deals activity is reviewed by year, therapeutic area, technology type, as well as most active dealmakers. Chapter 6 provides a detailed analysis of discovery stage payment terms including headline, upfront, milestone and royalty rates. Chapter 7 provides a review of the leading discovery stage deal by headline value. Each deal title links via Current Agreements deals and alliances database to an online version of the full deal record, and where available, the actual contract document, providing easy access to each deal record on demand. Chapter 8 provides a comprehensive listing of the top 50 most active discovery stage dealmaker companies. Each deal title links via Current Agreements deals and alliances database to an online version of the full deal record, and where available, the actual contract document, providing easy access to each deal record on demand. Chapter 9 provides a comprehensive and detailed review of discovery stage partnering deals signed and announced since 2010, where a contract document is available in the public domain. Chapter 10 provides a comprehensive directory of discovery stage partnering deals since 2010. The report includes deals announced by hundreds of life science companies including big pharma such as Abbott, Abbvie, Actavis, Amgen, Astellas, AstraZeneca, Baxter, Bayer, Biogen Idec, BMS, Celgene, Eisai, Eli Lilly, Gilead, GSK, J&J, Kyowa Hakko, Merck, Mitsubishi, Mylan, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Sanofi, Shire, Takeda, Teva, and Valeant, amongst many others. The report also includes numerous tables and figures that illustrate the trends and activities in discovery stage partnering and deal making since 2010. In addition, a comprehensive appendix of all discovery deals since 2010 is provided organized by partnering company A-Z, deal type, therapy focus and technology type. Each deal title links via Weblink to an online version of the deal record and where available, the contract document, providing easy access to each contract document on demand. In conclusion, this report provides everything a prospective dealmaker needs to know about partnering in the research, development and commercialization of discovery stage products and compounds. Key benefits Global Discovery Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 provide the reader with the following key benefits: – In-depth understanding of discovery stage deal trends since 2010 – Access to headline, upfront, milestone and royalty data – Analysis of the structure of discovery stage agreements with numerous real life case studies – Insight into the terms included in a discovery stage agreement, together with real world clause examples – Understand the key deal terms companies have agreed in previous deals – Undertake due diligence to assess suitability of your proposed deal terms for partner companies Report scope Global Discovery Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 is intended to provide the reader with an in-depth understanding and access to discovery stage deal trends and structure of deals entered into by leading companies worldwide. Global Discovery Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 include: – Trends in discovery stage dealmaking in the biopharma industry since 2010 – Analysis of discovery stage deal structure – Access to headline, upfront, milestone and royalty data – Case studies of real-life discovery stage deals – Access to over 3,000 discovery stage deals – The leading discovery stage deals by value since 2010 – Most active discovery stage dealmakers since 2010 – The leading discovery stage partnering 2010 In Global Discovery Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017, the available contracts are listed by: – Company A-Z – Headline value – Stage of development at signing – Deal type – Specific therapy target Each deal title links via Weblink to an online version of the deal record and where available, the contract document, providing easy access to each contract document on demand. The Global Discovery Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 report provides comprehensive access to available deals and contract documents for over 3,000 discovery stage deals. Analyzing actual contract agreements allows assessment of the following: – What are the precise rights granted or optioned? – What is actually granted by the agreement to the partner company? – What exclusivity is granted? – What is the payment structure for the deal? – How aresalesand payments audited? – What is the deal term? – How are the key terms of the agreement defined? – How are IPRs handled and owned? – Who is responsible for commercialization? – Who is responsible for development, supply, and manufacture? – How is confidentiality and publication managed? – How are disputes to be resolved? – Under what conditions can the deal be terminated? – What happens when there is a change of ownership? – What sublicensing and subcontracting provisions have been agreed? – Which boilerplate clauses does the company insist upon? – Which boilerplate clauses appear to differ from partner to partner or deal type to deal type? – Which jurisdiction does the company insist upon for agreement law? Discovery Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 report provides the reader with the following key benefits: – In-depth understanding of discovery stage deal trends since 2010 – Access to headline, upfront, milestone and royalty data – Comprehensive access to over 3,000 discovery stage deals together with contract documents if available – Detailed access to actual discovery stage deals entered into by the leading fifty big pharma and big biotech companies along with other biopharma companies – Analysis of the structure of discovery stage agreements with numerous real life case studies – Identify leading discovery stage deals by value since 2010 – Identify the most active discovery stage dealmakers since 2010 – Full listing of discovery stage deals by company A-Z, phase of development, deal type, therapy and technology focus – Understand the key deal terms companies have agreed in previous deals Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03812942/Global-Discovery-Stage-Partnering-Terms-and-Agreements-in-Pharma-and-Biotech.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need – instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-discovery-stage-partnering-terms-and-agreements-in-pharma-and-biotech-2010–2017-300446178.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Report: Five Ways the New FDA Commissioner Can Promote Drug Price Competition Next PostNext Global Platinum Group Metals Market 2017-2021 With Anglo American Platinum, Impala Platinum, JSC MMC Norilsk Nickel, Lonmin and Stillwater Mining Dominating – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Encapsulated Flavors And Fragrances Market Industry Analysis, Trend and Growth, 2017-2027 Oxidized Polyethylene Wax (OPE Wax) Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 2017 Asia-Pacific Ball Splines Industry Revenue Market Share Analysis: Market Shares, Analysis, and Index Global Flexible Display Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Oxazole Market 2022: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Proudly powered by WordPress
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Short Sellers Can’t Make Up Their Minds on Major Pharma By Chris Lange April 26, 2017 8:25 am EDT Print Email Tweet Pharmaceutical companies usually are involved in a lengthy process of getting their drug candidates to market through clinical trials. There is a fair amount of risk involved, should a study come back negative or a candidate not be approved. Conversely, if a drug gains FDA approval or passes a clinical trial, there can be big upside. The Trump administration has promised reforms in the health care sector, such as changing the bidding process for drugs and shortening the FDA approval process. It has yet to be seen how much headway the White House can actually make with these reforms, especially after the House of Representatives failed to vote on Trump’s repeal of Obamacare. Keep in mind that short sellers betting against big pharma are taking on an added risk. They have to pay out the ongoing high dividends on top of the cost of borrowing the shares. The April 13 short interest data have been compared with the previous figures, and short interest moves in these selected pharmaceutical stocks were mixed. Short interest in Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) fell sharply to 50.04 million shares from the previous 66.11 million. Its shares were last seen at $33.76, within a 52-week trading range of $29.83 to $37.39. The number of Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) shares short fell to 16.67 million from 17.26 million in the previous period. Its shares were trading at $62.30, in a 52-week range of $53.06 to $66.80. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.’s (NYSE: TEVA) short interest rose slightly to 21.80 million shares, compared to the previous level of 21.48 million. Shares were trading at $30.76, in a 52-week range of $30.22 to $56.46. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) short interest slipped just a little lower to 22.34 million shares, from the previous reading of 23.58 million. Shares were trading at $53.94, within a 52-week range of $46.01 to $77.12. The number of shares short in AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV) increased to 33.32 million, compared to the previous 31.82 million. The stock was trading at $65.10, in a 52-week range of $55.06 to $68.12. Eli Lilly and Co.’s (NYSE: LLY) short interest increased to 10.80 million shares from the previous 10.37 million. The stock was trading at $81.20. The 52-week range is $64.18 to $86.72. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « RBC Top Idea Energy Stocks to Buy Have Massive Upside Potential Short Sellers Pulling Out of Solar, Alternative Energy Stocks » Read more: Healthcare Business, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, short interest, AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE:BMY), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (NYSE:TEVA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Hit Hardest by Extreme Poverty States With the Worst Roads America's Six-Figure Jobs Oldest County in Every State States Most Dependent on Trade With Canada Recent How New Prospects Are Pushing PayPal to New Highs Wednesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 DDR Corp., New York Community Bank Sink into Wednesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, United Technologies Prop Up DJIA on Wednesday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Things GameStop Wants Investors to Know About the Video Game Retail Market Better Buy: Home Depot vs. Lowe's All Fun and Games for Hasbro Earnings Dollar drops 0.5% against Canadian dollar to C$1.35445 on U.S. Nafta reassurance Dollar slides 1.1% against Mexico peso to 18.96 after news U.S. won't terminate Nafta Weight Watchers jumps 11% as new CEO Mindy Grossman announced Amazon Q1 Earnings Preview: How Much Will AWS Grow? New Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) Stocks Surging Higher NutriSystem Posts Q1 Earnings Beat, Forecasts Double-Digit Sales Growth for 2017 Trump's plan to slash business taxes seen as 'guidepost' by congressional Republicans Trump tells Canada, Mexico, he won't terminate NAFTA treaty yet: White House Judge says Exxon owes $19.95 million for Texas refinery pollution Trump Tells Canada, Mexico, He Won't Terminate NAFTA Treaty Yet United CEO: Dragging incident may sway fliers' airline pick United to Offer Passengers Up to $10,000 to Surrender Seats Obama's $400,000 Wall Street Speech Is Completely In Character The Metropolitan Museum Of Art Might Start Charging Out-Of-Towners Admission New Heineken Ad Shows Power Of Connecting Across Political Divides Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Global Epigenetics Market is Expected to Reach $1,286 Million by 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Epigenetics market is accounted for $500 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $1,286 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.4% from 2015 to 2022. Growing prevalence of cancer and other chronic diseases are helping the market to compete across the globe. Some of the major factors that are influencing the market include growing technological advancements, improving collaborations between pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies and academic research institutes and increasing geriatric population base. However, huge equipment cost and shortage of skilled professional are hampering the market. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/epigenetics-global-market-outlook-2016-2022  By oncology application, solid tumors accounted for the largest market share during the forecast period. Moreover, cardiovascular diseases segment is observed as the fastest growing market attributed to emergence of technologies such as microRNA modifications. North America commanded the largest market share owing to growing R&D activities in pharmaceuticals firms. Some of the key players in this market include Zymo Research Corporation, Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, New England Biolabs, Illumina, Inc., Active Motif, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc, Qiagen N.V., Merck & Co., Inc., Diagenode, Inc. and Abcam PLC. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184940 Products Covered: Reagents Primers Histones Antibodies Magnetic Beads Buffers Other Epigenetics Reagents Instruments and Consumables Sonicators Next-Generation Sequencers QPCR Mass Spectrometers Other Epigenetics Instruments and Consumables Enzymes Rna-Modifying Enzymes DNA-Modifying Enzymes Protein-Modifying Enzymes KITS Chip-Seq KITS Whole-Genome Amplification KITS Bisulfite Conversion KITS Rna Sequencing KITS 5-HMC and 5-MC Analysis KITS Other Epigenetics KITS Technologies Covered:  DNA Methylation Histone Methylation Histone Acetylation Long Non-Coding RNA MicroRNA Modification Chromatin Structures Application Covered: Non-oncology Disorders Inflammatory Diseases Cardiovascular Diseases Metabolic Diseases Other Non-oncology Disorders Oncology Solid Tumors Liquid Tumors Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal Epigenetics Market, Healthcare, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious A Heart Shaped Himalayan Salt Lamp Released by Useful Innovation Next PostNext Patriot One Technologies Inc. (PTOTF: OTCQB) | Patriot One Explores Strategic Relationship with Tier 1 Integrator Search Recent Posts Molecular map of brain organoids reveals unprecedented levels of neuronal cell maturation and diversity Youth binge drinking, cardiovascular disease possibly linked Persistence Equals Success for Texas Remodeler Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts Africa & Middle East Cinema Industry Research Report 2017 – Research and Markets Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Axial Biotherapeutics Expands Board of Directors with Appointments of Independent Members Ronald C. Renaud Jr. and Henry C. (“Hank”) Wolf BOSTON & PASADENA, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Axial Biotherapeutics, a biotechnology company building a unique class of microbial-targeted CNS therapeutics, today announced the expansion of its Board of Directors with the appointment of two independent members, Ronald C. Renaud Jr., Chief Executive Officer of RaNA Therapeutics and Henry C. Wolf, former Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Norfolk Southern Corporation (NYSE: NSC). “Being able to recruit two seasoned and leading industry executives such as Ron and Hank to our Board is a great achievement for Axial and speaks to our vision for the company, the strategy we already have in place and the outstanding science Axial is built on,” said David H. Donabedian, PhD, CEO of Axial Biotherapeutics. “We look forward to their contributions as we move towards the clinic and position the company for success.” “Targeting the microbiome to develop therapies for CNS diseases and disorders is an exciting new approach that could open a new chapter in how we think about their treatment and I welcome the opportunity to support the Axial team,” said Ron Renaud, CEO of RaNA Therapeutics. Henry C. Wolf added, “I am very impressed with what the Axial team has achieved in such a short period of time and look forward to contributing to Axial’s continued development.” Mr. Renaud has an outstanding track record of building successful biotech companies. Before joining RaNA as CEO in 2014, he held several leading positions at Idenix and Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, leading up to President and Chief Executive Officer at Idenix. Under his leadership, Idenix refocused its drug discovery and development efforts on nucleotide prodrugs to treat hepatitis C virus (HCV), streamlined operations to better enable cross-functional collaboration and employee engagement, which culminated in its acquisition by Merck for $3.85 billion in August 2014. Prior to his executive career, Mr. Renaud was a biotechnology equity research analyst at JP Morgan, Schwab Soundview and Bear Stearns. He also spent more than five years at Amgen, where he held positions in clinical research, investor relations and finance. He is currently a board member of Akebia Therapeutics (NASDAQ:AKBA) and Chimerix Inc. (NASDAQ:CMRX). Mr. Renaud holds a BA from St. Anselm College and an MBA from the Marshall School of Business at the University of Southern California Hank Wolf has over 40 years of experience as a financial executive and board member within leading public companies. He was with Norfolk Southern Corporation for 34 years holding various positions including CFO, vice president of taxation and executive vice president of finance before retiring from the company in 2007. Over the course of his career, Mr. Wolf has served as a Director on several Boards including AGL Resources Inc., (NYSE:GAS) the Hertz Corporation (NYSE:HTZ), MModal Inc. (NASDAQ:MODL). He is currently the Chairman of the Colonial Williamsburg Foundation Board of Trustees. He earned his undergraduate and law degrees from the College of William & Mary, a Master of Business Administration from Louisiana State University and a Master of Laws from Georgetown University. About Axial Biotherapeutics Axial Biotherapeutics is a biopharmaceutical company harnessing the link between the human gut microbiome and the central nervous system to develop a new class of biotherapeutics to improve the quality of life for people with neurological diseases and disorders. www.axialbiotherapeutics.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Fire and Gas Detection System Market 2017 by Products, Market Competitive Situation, Market Concentration Rate, Market Expansion and Trends by 2022 Next PostNext Interactive Wound Dressing Market Value Share, Analysis and Segments 2017-2027 Search Recent Posts Plus-sized knitting hobby turns into big business Getty Leadership Institute Announces International Selection of Museum Executives and Managers for 2017 Executive Education Programs Recent Trends In Senior Living Suggest Community Settings As Leading Choice Global Homecare Medical Equipment Market 2017 :Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications, Forecast to 2022 Western Balkans information day focuses on access to data Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman HPV Testing Market Deep Research Study with Forecast by 2025 Global HPV Testing Market: Overview The rising prevalence of cervical and vaginal cancer is the cardinal factor driving the global HPV testing market. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention states that every year 16 out of every 100,000 women are likely to be detected with cervical cancer. Globally, it is identified as the third-most commonly occurring cancer and the mortality rate due to this cancer is also quite high. HPV test helps in the screening and early detection of cervical cancer. Request a Brochure of the Report @ www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=284 The research report sheds light on various important parameters including dynamics and competitive landscape of the global HPV testing market. For an extensive understanding, it segments the market on the basis of applications, end users, and geography. It analyses each segment in terms of both revenue and volume. It profiles key players in the market along with their revenue generation, latest developments, business strategies, and contact information. Global HPV Testing Market: Drivers and Restraints Governments are increasingly introducing programs that are promoting awareness regarding cervical cancer screening programs, which in turn is providing a significant push to the HPV testing market. Other than awareness programs, governments are also pouring funds into the research and development of screening kits and devices, which is working in favor of the growth of the market. Request for TOC of the Report @ www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=284 Despite the initiatives and funding, the continuously changing regulatory guidelines for cervical cancer screening are hampering the growth of the market. Moreover, the lack of favorable reimbursement scenario in several countries is limiting the market from realizing its utmost potential. On the other hand, technological advancements are creating immense growth opportunities for the market. Global HPV Testing Market: Geographical Segmentation The regional markets studied in the report are North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World. North America will account for a large share in the market throughout the forecast period. The demand for HPV testing in the region will rise against the backdrop of growing incidence of cervical cancers. The growth of the region is also supplemented by conducive federal policies that are encouraging the uptake of screening programs for cervical cancers. Moreover, the introduction of innovative technologies for improving patient care and diagnosis is providing a fillip to the growth of the region. Read Complete Report @ www.tmrresearch.com/hpv-testing-market Asia Pacific is likely to emerge as a promising market during the same period owing to the increasing prevalence of communicable diseases, particularly in developing countries such as India. The rising number of government programs that are spreading awareness regarding benefits of early cancer screening is contributing to the growth of the market. Global HPV Testing Market: Competitive Landscape Several players in the global HPV testing market are increasingly investing in the research and development of advanced and innovative test kits and devices. Partnerships and collaborations are among go-to strategies of key players to consolidate their presence in the market. Some of the key players in the market are Abbott Laboratories, Hologic, Inc., Becton and Dickinson, bioMerieux SA, CytoCore Inc., Qiagen, Inc., Roche Molecular Diagnostics, DiaMex GmBH, Merck & Co., Genomica S.A.U., DAAN Gene Co., and Ventana Medical Systems Inc. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in today’s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clients’ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. Contact : Rohit Bhisey Head – Internet Marketing Tel: +1-415-520-1050 Email: sales@tmrresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Metal Heat Treatment Market Growth Opportunities, Analysis, Market Demand and Forecasts Report 2017-2021 Next PostNext Hospital Administration Software Market: Industry Survey and Industry Outlook 2025 Search Recent Posts Encapsulated Flavors And Fragrances Market Industry Analysis, Trend and Growth, 2017-2027 Oxidized Polyethylene Wax (OPE Wax) Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 2017 Asia-Pacific Ball Splines Industry Revenue Market Share Analysis: Market Shares, Analysis, and Index Global Flexible Display Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Oxazole Market 2022: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Reports Monitor :Global Anticoagulants Market Research Report 2017 Reports Monitor In this report, the global Anticoagulants market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Anticoagulants in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Global Anticoagulants market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Abbott Sanofi Novartis Pfizer Merck & Co. Baxter Bristol Myers Bayer Johnson & Johnson GlaxoSmithKline Request Sample Copy @ www.reportsmonitor.com/request-sample/?post=117958 On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Oral Anticoagulants Injectable Anticoagulants (Unfractionated Heparin & Low Molecular Weight Heparin) On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Anticoagulants for each application, including Thromboembolic Disease Disseminated Intravascular Coagulation Cardiovascular Surgery Others To Browse Complete Report visit @ www.reportsmonitor.com/global-anticoagulants-market-resea… Table of Contents Global Anticoagulants Market Research Report 2017 1 Anticoagulants Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Anticoagulants 1.2 Anticoagulants Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Anticoagulants Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Anticoagulants Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Oral Anticoagulants 1.2.4 Injectable Anticoagulants (Unfractionated Heparin & Low Molecular Weight Heparin) 1.3 Global Anticoagulants Segment by Application 1.3.1 Anticoagulants Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Thromboembolic Disease 1.3.3 Disseminated Intravascular Coagulation 1.3.4 Cardiovascular Surgery 1.3.5 Others 1.4 Global Anticoagulants Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Anticoagulants Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Anticoagulants (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Anticoagulants Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Anticoagulants Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Contact Us Jay Mathews Direct: +1 513 549-5911 Email:�sales@reportsmonitor.com Website:�www.reportsmonitor.com Follow Us: Google plus :plus.google.com/u/0/104187516885663390925 LinkedIn:�www.linkedin.com/company/reports-monitor Twitter:�twitter.com/reportsmonitor Facebook:�www.facebook.com/ReportsMonitor/ � � � � Reports Monitor is a market intelligence and consulting firm founded by engineers with extensive experience and knowledge of the Market Research industry. 008, Mihir Co-Operative,FatimaNagar, Pune-411013 This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Public Safety In-Building Wireless DAS System Market 2015-2022 Research Report Next PostNext Diagnostic Electrocardiograph (ECG) Market Supply, Demand, Applications, Sales Analysis and Research Forecast Report to 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Encapsulated Flavors And Fragrances Market Industry Analysis, Trend and Growth, 2017-2027 Oxidized Polyethylene Wax (OPE Wax) Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 2017 Asia-Pacific Ball Splines Industry Revenue Market Share Analysis: Market Shares, Analysis, and Index Global Flexible Display Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Oxazole Market 2022: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 LONDON, April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Summary The Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 provides comprehensive understanding and unprecedented access to clinical stage partnering agreements entered into by the worlds leading biopharma companies Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3812944/ Description The Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 report provides a detailed understanding and analysis of how and why companies enter clinical stage partnering deals and provides details of the latest clinical agreements announced in the healthcare sector. Understanding the flexibility of a prospective partner’s negotiated deals terms provides critical insight into the negotiation process in terms of what you can expect to achieve during the negotiation of terms. Whilst many smaller companies will be seeking details of the payments clauses, the devil is in the detail in terms of how payments are triggered – contract documents provide this insight where press releases and databases do not. This report contains a comprehensive listing of over 2,000 clinical stage partnering deals announced since 2010 including financial terms where available including numerous links to online deal records of actual clinical partnering deals as disclosed by the deal parties. In addition, where available, records include contract documents as submitted to the Securities Exchange Commission by companies and their partners. The initial chapters of this report provide an orientation of clinical stage deal making and business activities. Chapter 1 provides an introduction to the report, whilst chapter 2 provides an overview of why companies partner clinical stage compounds/products. Chapter 3 provides an overview of clinical stage deals strategy and deal structure including numerous case studies. Chapter 4 provides an overview of the various payment strategies used in clinical stage deals. Chapter 5 provides a review of clinical stage deal making since 2010. Deals activity is reviewed by year, stage of development at signing, therapeutic area, technology type, as well as most active dealmakers. Chapter 6 provides a detailed analysis of clinical stage payment terms including headline, upfront, milestone and royalty rates for phase I, phase II and phase III deals. Chapter 7 provides a review of the leading clinical stage deal by headline value. Each deal title links via Current Agreements deals and alliances database to an online version of the full deal record, and where available, the actual contract document, providing easy access to each deal record on demand. Chapter 8 provides a comprehensive listing of the top 50 most active clinical stage dealmaker companies. Each deal title links via Current Agreements deals and alliances database to an online version of the full deal record, and where available, the actual contract document, providing easy access to each deal record on demand. Chapter 9 provides a comprehensive and detailed review of clinical stage partnering deals signed and announced since 2010, where a contract document is available in the public domain. Chapter 10 provides a comprehensive directory of clinical stage partnering deals since 2010 organized by stage of development – phase I, phase II and phase III. The report includes deals announced by hundreds of life science companies including big pharma such as Abbott, Abbvie, Actavis, Amgen, Astellas, AstraZeneca, Baxter, Bayer, Biogen Idec, BMS, Celgene, Eisai, Eli Lilly, Gilead, GSK, J&J, Kyowa Hakko, Merck, Mitsubishi, Mylan, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Sanofi, Shire, Takeda, Teva, and Valeant, amongst many others. The report also includes numerous tables and figures that illustrate the trends and activities in clinical stage partnering and deal making since 2010. In addition, a comprehensive appendix of all clinical stage deals since 2010 is provided organized by partnering company A-Z, deal type, therapy focus and technology type. Each deal title links via Weblink to an online version of the deal record and where available, the contract document, providing easy access to each contract document on demand. In conclusion, this report provides everything a prospective dealmaker needs to know about partnering in the research, development and commercialization of clinical stage products and compounds. Key benefits Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 provides the reader with the following key benefits: – In-depth understanding of clinical stage deal trends since 2010 – Access to headline, upfront, milestone and royalty data – Analysis of the structure of clinical stage agreements with numerous real life case studies – Insight into the terms included in a clinical stage agreement, together with real world clause examples – Understand the key deal terms companies have agreed in previous deals – Undertake due diligence to assess suitability of your proposed deal terms for partner companies Report scope Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 is intended to provide the reader with an in-depth understanding and access to clinical stage deal trends and structure of deals entered into by leading companies worldwide. Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 includes: – Trends in clinical stage dealmaking in the biopharma industry since 2010 – Analysis of clinical stage deal structure – Access to headline, upfront, milestone and royalty data – Case studies of real-life clinical stage deals – Access to over 2,000 clinical stage deals – The leading clinical stage deals by value since 2010 – Most active clinical stage dealmakers since 2010 – The leading clinical stage partnering resources In Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017, the available contracts are listed by: – Company A-Z – Headline value – Stage of development at signing – Deal type – Specific therapy target Each deal title links via Weblink to an online version of the deal record and where available, the contract document, providing easy access to each contract document on demand. The Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 report provides comprehensive access to available deals and contract documents for over 2,000 clinical stage deals. Analyzing actual contract agreements allows assessment of the following: – What are the precise rights granted or optioned? – What is actually granted by the agreement to the partner company? – What exclusivity is granted? – What is the payment structure for the deal? – How aresalesand payments audited? – What is the deal term? – How are the key terms of the agreement defined? – How are IPRs handled and owned? – Who is responsible for commercialization? – Who is responsible for development, supply, and manufacture? – How is confidentiality and publication managed? – How are disputes to be resolved? – Under what conditions can the deal be terminated? – What happens when there is a change of ownership? – What sublicensing and subcontracting provisions have been agreed? – Which boilerplate clauses does the company insist upon? – Which boilerplate clauses appear to differ from partner to partner or deal type to deal type? – Which jurisdiction does the company insist upon for agreement law? Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 provides the reader with the following key benefits: – In-depth understanding of clinical stage deal trends since 2010 – Access to headline, upfront, milestone and royalty data – Comprehensive access to over 2,000 clinical stage deals together with contract documents if available – Detailed access to actual clinical stage deals entered into by the leading fifty big pharma and big biotech companies along with other biopharma companies – Analysis of the structure of clinical stage agreements with numerous real life case studies – Identify leading clinical stage deals by value since 2010 – Identify the most active clinical stage dealmakers since 2010 – Full listing of clinical stage deals by company A-Z, phase of development, deal type, therapy and technology focus – Understand the key deal terms companies have agreed in previous deals Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3812944/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-clinical-stage-partnering-terms-and-agreements-in-pharma-and-biotech-2010-2017-300445981.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Issuance of Warrants Next PostNext Growth Opportunities for the Global Hot Melt Adhesives Market Search Recent Posts Savory Snacks Market Global Potential Growth, Share, Demand and Analysis of Key Players- Research Forecasts to 2021 Trace Element Analyzer Market by Products, Market Competitive Situation, Market Concentration Rate, Market Expansion and Trends by 2022 Pharmaceutical Testing Services Market Entry Strategies, Countermeasures of Economic Impact and Marketing Channels to 2021 Thyroid Cancer Drug Market 2017 By Top Manufacturers, Growth, Emerging Trends, Size, Share, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 TransUnion Announces Secondary Offering of 15,000,000 Shares of Common Stock and Purchase of 1,500,000 Shares of Common Stock Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Global DPP IV Inhibitors Market Set to Surge Significantly by 2021 – Persistence Market Research DPP IV inhibitors are a class of hypoglycemic agents that block the enzyme named dipeptidyl peptidase IV. Dipeptidyl peptidase IV enzyme break down the proteins that are responsible for stimulating the insulin producing cells that slows down gastric secretion. Proteins can activate the release of insulin and can control the blood sugar level if DPP IV is inhibited in our body. Moreover, DPP IV inhibitors restrict the formation of glucagon, a hormone that increases blood glucose level and thereby control the glucose levels in the body. DPP IV inhibitors are widely utilized as a treatment for type 2 diabetes. Sitagliptin, vildagliptin, saxagliptin and linagliptin are included in the drug class DPP IV. Nasopharyngitis, headache, nausea and hypersensitivity are some of the adverse effects due to the utilization of DPP IV. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/5453 Increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes is a major public health concern worldwide. National Centre for Biotechnology Information in 2011 stated that in the U.S. more than 8% of the total population is diagnosed with diabetes. Diabetes is associated with a number of complications that includes cardiovascular disease, nephropathy, retinopathy, and neuropathy. Thus, the above mentioned factors derives the global DPP IV inhibitors market. However, the cost for DPP IV inhibitors is very high that might hinder the global DPP IV inhibitors market. Geographically, North America and Europe dominates the global market for DPP IV inhibitors due to high prevalence rate and rising awareness among people about the DPP IV inhibitors. Asia – Pacific is considered as a fastest growing market due to increasing obese population. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/5453 Various key players contributing to the global DPP IV inhibitors market comprises Arisaph Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Eli Lilly And Company, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Merck & Co, Inc., AstraZeneca Plc, Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited and Novartis AG. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsDPP IV Inhibitors, DPP IV Inhibitors Market, Global DPP IV Inhibitors Market, Google News, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vital Signs Monitoring Devices Market Financial Review: Fast Facts of You Should Know About Vital Signs Monitoring Devices Industry Analysis 2021 Next PostNext Floating Power to those in Need Search Recent Posts Digitizer Market Sales Outlook; Up-to-date Development Data and Market Trends Forecast from 2017-2021 EMEA Avivagen Announces Presentation at the Bloom Burton & Co. Healthcare Investor Conference on May 2, 2017 Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor Market 2017 Production Analysis, Key Market Plans, Supply-Demand, Growth Elements and Recent Developments EMEA Digital Life Project Uses 3D Technology to Document Endangered Frogs for Future Generations Rising Pro Stock Star tanner Gray Succeeding with Strong Team Support Heading to NHRA Four-Wide Nationals Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Antibacterial Drug Market To Grow In Near Future And With the High CAGR Value – Scalar Market Research According to the report, “Antibacterial Drug Market, by Drug Origin (Synthetic, Semi-Synthetic, and Natural), Chemical Class (Beta-Lactam, Aminoglycosides, Quinolones, Tetracycline, Macrolides, Phenicols, and Folate Antagonist), Spectrum Of Activity (Narrow Spectrum and Broad Spectrum Antibodies), Mechanism Of Action (Bactericides and Bacteriostatics), and Geography (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World) – Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014 – 2022”, the market for antibacterial drug is expected to grow at an impressive rate, due to the increased prevalence of diseases and the rising demand from around the world. The antibacterial drug market report focuses on the key market players. It offers in-depth analysis of the market drivers, restraints, market segmentation and the revenue forecasts for the global market. Download Free Sample: www.scalarmarketresearch.com/request-sample.php?id=185 According to the antibacterial drug market report, the global market is set to witness an impressive rise in demand and business opportunities during the forecast period. The report attributes this growth of the market to the rapid rise in demand and the increased prevalence of the bacterial infections and infectious diseases including tuberculosis, diarrhea, pneumonia, and such others. Apart from that, the increased research and development activities by the key market players are also expected to create major growth opportunities for the industry players. The rising demand from the emerging markets is also expected to drive the market during the forecast period. However, the growing drug resistance of the bacteria is expected to be a major restraining factor for the market. The antibacterial drug market report segments the global market by the drug origins, chemical class, the spectrum of activity, mechanism of action, and the major geographic regions. The types include semi-synthetic, synthetic, and natural. The spectrum of activity includes broad spectrum and narrow spectrum. The chemical class segments include quinolones, beta-lactam, marcolides, aminoglycosides, folate antagonists, and phenicols. The major geographic regions include Asia-Pacific, North America, Europe, and the Rest of the World. The report suggests that North America will dominate the global market based on the market share. Asia-Pacific, on the other hand, is set to witness the fastest growth during the forecast period. The antibacterial drug market report includes various key market players, which include Allergan, AstraZeneca plc, Bayer AG, Bristol-Meyer Squibb Company, Eli Lilly & Company, Forest Laboratories, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Johnson and Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, and such others. According to the report, the key market players will benefit from the rising demand and a focus on the emerging, untapped market regions. The report suggests impressive growth opportunities across the regions like North America, Asia-Pacific, and Europe. Leaf through our data-driven infographic report on Global Antibacterial Drug Market: www.scalarmarketresearch.com/market-reports/antibacterial… About Scalar Market Research Scalar Market Research Inc. aspires to assist organizations from around the world to achieve their business goal with premium market research reports and consulting services. Our real-time industry tracking with the help of advanced analytics offers a crystal clear view of all the activities in niche markets. Our team, with thorough global understanding, works relentlessly to gather the necessary market insights, including customer analysis, competitions and global forecast. Find out more about our services at: www.scalarmarketresearch.com Contact: 8770 W Bryn Mawr Ave., Suite 1300 Chicago, IL 60631 Tel.: +1-800-213-5170 (U.S./Canada Toll-free) Email: sales@scalarmarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Lucky Envelope Brewing Celebrates 2nd Anniversary & Seattle Beer Week Next PostNext Color Masterbatch Market | Global Industry Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Search Recent Posts NWF: Americans Want to Enjoy National Monuments, Not Lose Access What Do We Do With All This . . . ? Opening May 5 at Catapult SYSPRO Boosts ERP Sales Process with Espresso Xpress Cart NetSuite Announces OneWorld for Nordics-headquartered Companies Yoshimura Releases 2017 Yamaha R6 Fender Eliminator Kit Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Vitamin Deficiency Treatment Market on the Rise by 2022 Global Vitamin Deficiency Treatment Market on the Rise by 2022 Posted on April 26, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. The Vitamin Deficiency Treatment Market report provides in-depth analysis of parent market trends, macro-economic indicators and governing factors along with market attractiveness as per segments. The report also maps the qualitative impact of various market factors on market segments and geographies. New York City, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/26/2017 — Vitamin deficiency, also called as hypovitaminosis, is primarily caused by malnutrition. The rate of undernourishment is high in undeveloped and developing countries such as Africa, Vienna and some parts of South-East Asia. Vitamin deficiency can lead to various diseases such as vitamin D deficiency causes rickets, vitamin A deficiency leads to night blindness, Xerophthalmia whereas deficiency of vitamin B complex can give rise to disorders ranging from anemia, beriberi, cheilosis, pellagra to severe neuronal disorders. Vitamin deficiency is treated with tablets or capsules of vitamin supplements along with vitamin rich diet such as carrots, beef, fish, eggs, chicken, green leafy vegetables, citric fruits etc. Severe cases of vitamin deficiency can also be treated by IV injections of vitamin supplements. Treatment with vitamin pills is most likely to be recommended along with home remedies such as exposure to early morning sunlight, diet regulation etc. The most commonly found deficiencies are that of vitamin A, B and D globally. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/9995 Undernourishment in the underdeveloped countries is the major driver of growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market. High incidence of anemia, paraesthesia and other hypovitaminosis are the other major factors contributing to hike in global vitamin deficiency treatment market. Vitamin supplements are also used as an adjunct therapy in many disorders including alopecia, depression, ulcers etc., high prevalence of which can propel the growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market. Unavailability of treatment opportunities in the underdeveloped countries can be the factor which can hamper growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market. The global vitamin deficiency treatment market has been segmented on the basis of product type, retail sales channels and geography. Based on product type, the global vitamin deficiency treatment market is divided into following: OTC Multivitamin therapies Single Vitamin therapies Vitamin A Supplements Vitamin B complex Supplements Vitamin D supplements Others (Vit C, Vit K etc) Based on retail sales channels, the global hyperpigmentation treatment market is divided into following: Pharmacy and drugstores Hospital pharmacy Online drug stores/email prescription stores Hypermarkets and Supermarkets The global vitamin deficiency treatment market is highly fragmented with large number of local as well as strong players. The market for OTC multivitamin therapies is highly valued owing to the most frequent and easy mode of therapy to treat vitamin deficiency. Low government regulations, affordability of raw materials, rising health awareness are the factors responsible to drive the growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market over the forecast period from 2016-2026. Geographically, the global vitamin deficiency treatment market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America will continue to hold largest share in the global vitamin deficiency treatment market due to increasing health consciousness. APAC and MEA are expected to experience rapid growth during the forecast period due to emergence of new small players providing cost-effective therapies. Increasing per capita GDP in several countries like Africa, Brazil may translate into high growth rate for the vitamin deficiency treatment market in the region. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/9995 Some of the major players in the global vitamin deficiency treatment market include Merck & Co., Inc., Nature's Bounty, Inc., Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Pfizer, Sandoz, Cipla Inc., Mankind Pharma, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. and many more. Herbal vitamin therapy manufacturers include Himalaya Herbal Healthcare, Dabur International Limited, DF Pharmacy Limited, Pharmavite LLC and others. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-vitamin-deficiency-treatment-market-on-the-rise-by-2022-799656.htm Media Relations Contact Rahul Singh Marketing Manager Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. Telephone: 1-646-568-7751 Email: Click to Email Rahul Singh Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/vitamin-deficiency-treatment-market.asp Latest News Google, McKinsey, Goldman, Amazon, and GE Among World Class MBA Employers at Poets&Quants’ Pre-MBA Networking Festival In New York City Herbal Beauty Products Market: Europe & Asia Pacific Industry Analysis & Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026 Eye Infections Treatment Market to Incur Rapid Extension During 2016 – 2022 Global Point and Shoot Cameras Industry 2017 Market Trends, Applications, Reviews, Growth, Sales: Canon, Sony, Fujifilm, Nikon Global Indolent Lymphoma Treatment Market to Register Steady Growth During 2016 – 2022 Latest Trends in the Global Digestible Medical Sensors Market by 2022 Nata De Coco Market Is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 5.6% by 2022 Global Well Access Systems Industry 2017 Market Developments, Services, Opportunities, Application, Challenges : Tenaris, Proserv Global Sinusitis Treatment Market Is Expected to Grow Fast by 2022 Global Vitamin Deficiency Treatment Market on the Rise by 2022 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Nanomedicines Market to Register Steady Growth by 2021 Nanotechnology refers to the engineering of functional systems at the molecular scale. It includes construction of items from the bottom up, using modern techniques and tools to make complete, high-performance products. Nanomedicines refer to medications that are based on the application of nanotechnology in the medical field. They include monitoring, construction, repair, and control of human biological systems at the molecular level, using nanodevices and nanostructures. Increasing prevalence of diseases or disorders caused by damage at molecular level, is driving the market for nanomedicines. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/4273 In addition, the great presence of unmet medical needs and increase in investment in the field are driving the market for nanomedicines. Applications of nanomedicines include diagnostic imaging and identification and therapeutic delivery of medication to the exact location. Nanomedicines are generally injected, whereas they can be ingested as well. The time duration for which the drug stays in the body can be manipulated. Nanomedicines are highly effective in the killing of bacteria, viruses, and cancer cells, as well as the repair of damaged tissues. Oncology is the largest segment in the global nanomedicines market, whereas, cardiovascular market is the fastest-growing segment in the nanomedicines market. North America dominates the global market for nanomedicines due to its large population of senior citizens, leading to an increased demand for improved and efficient medications, and technological advancements in the region. Europe, followed by Asia, is expected to experience high growth rate in the next few years in global nanomedicines market. China and India are expected to be the fastest-growing nanomedicines markets in Asia. Some of the key drivers for the nanomedicines market in emerging countries are the large pool of patients, rising government funding, and increasing research and development in the field of medicine. Factors such as aging populations, increasing prevalence of disorders that could be treated better with nanomedicines, and growing awareness about the availability of alternative treatment using nanomedicines are driving the global nanomedicines market. In addition, improvement in healthcare facilities and technological advancements in the field have been driving the nanomedicines market. However, factors such as side effects associated with intake of nanoparticles and lower adoption rate by patients has been restraining the global nanomedicines market. In addition, factors such as the medicines’ high cost and the lack of an organized regulatory framework are restraining the global market for nanomedicines. Growing demographics and economies in developing countries such as India and China are expected to offer good opportunities for the global nanomedicines market. The marketing of some new products with better efficiency, such as nanorobots, is expected to offer good opportunity for the global nanomedicines market. Proposed nanorobots would be able to enter cells and correct DNA, could carry tiny cameras and be powered by electrolysis in the blood, and could break up blood clots and kidney stones. In addition, they could repair cells, tissues, and even organs. A rising number of mergers and acquisitions, new product launches, and an increasing number of collaborations and partnerships are some of the latest trends that have been observed in global nanomedicines market. In addition, a growing number of patent expirations has been observed in the global market for nanomedicines. Side effects associated with nanomedicines are a challenge for global nanomedicines market. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/4273 Some of the major companies dealing in global nanomedicines market include Abbott Laboratories, GE Healthcare, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Company Inc., Pfizer Inc, and CombiMatrix Corporation. Other significant players of the market include Celgene Corporation, Mallinckrodt plc., Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Nanosphere Inc., and UCB SA. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Antithrombin III Deficiency Testing Market is Expected to Grow fast by 2021 Next PostNext Dominion Honors Volunteers of the Year, Donates $13,000 to Local Charities Search Recent Posts Urban water dirtiest, but decline greatest in rural water Priority on infrastructure that supports growth FlipHTML5 Releases Its Online Newspaper Maker v6.2.3 with the Bug Fixes Top 5 Microwave Myths Busted Univest Corporation of Pennsylvania – Univest Bank and Trust Co. – Reports First Quarter Results Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Xencor to Present at 42nd Annual Deutsche Bank Health Care Conference News provided by Xencor, Inc. 26 Apr, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article MONROVIA, Calif., April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Xencor, Inc. (NASDAQ: XNCR), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, asthma and allergic diseases and cancer, today announced that Bassil Dahiyat, Ph.D., president and chief executive officer, will present at the 42nd Annual Deutsche Bank Health Care Conference on Wednesday, May 3, 2017 at 12:50 p.m. ET in Boston, MA. A live webcast of the presentation will be available on the "Events & Presentations" section in the Investors section of the Company's website located at http://investors.xencor.com/events.cfm. A replay of the presentation will be posted on the Xencor website approximately one hour after the live event and will be available for 30 days following the presentation. About Xencor, Inc. Xencor is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, asthma and allergic diseases and cancer. Currently, 11 candidates engineered with Xencor's XmAb® technology are in clinical development internally and with partners. Xencor's internal programs include: XmAb®5871 in Phase 2 development for the treatment of IgG4-Related Disease, and also for the treatment of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus; XmAb®7195 in Phase 1 development for the treatment of asthma and allergic diseases; XmAb®14045 in Phase 1 development for acute myeloid leukemia; XmAb®13676 in Phase 1 development for B-cell malignancies; and XmAb®18087 for the treatment of neuroendocrine tumors, in pre-clinical development. Xencor's XmAb antibody engineering technology enables small changes to the structure of monoclonal antibodies resulting in new mechanisms of therapeutic action.  Xencor partners include Novartis, Amgen, MorphoSys, Merck, CSL/Janssen, Alexion and Boehringer Ingelheim. For more information, please visit www.xencor.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/xencor-to-present-at-42nd-annual-deutsche-bank-health-care-conference-300445501.html SOURCE Xencor, Inc. Related Links http://www.xencor.com 17 Apr, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: Xencor Appoints Kevin Gorman, Ph.D., to its Board of Directors My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 15 Mar, 2017, 08:00 ET Xencor Appoints Kevin Gorman, Ph.D., to its Board of Directors 15 Mar, 2017, 08:00 ET Xencor to Present at Oppenheimer 27th Annual Healthcare Conference Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Trade Show News You just read: Xencor to Present at 42nd Annual Deutsche Bank Health Care Conference News provided by Xencor, Inc. 26 Apr, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Cancer Vaccines Market Estimated to Experience a Hike in Growth by 2021 Cancer (also called as malignant tumor or neoplasms) refers to the disease condition in which abnormal cells grow and invade in uncontrolled way to other tissues. This may lead to an uncontrolled spread of cancer tumors in the body. These cancer tumors are benign or malignant type. Benign tumors are non-cancerous and do not spread to other parts of the body. Malignant tumors spread throughout the body through lymph and blood. There are more than 100 types of cancers and most of them are named based on the organ or types of the cell where they occur. For example, thyroid cancer refers to the cancer of thyroid gland, pancreatic cancer is the cancer in the tissue of pancreas and lung cancer refers to the cancer in the tissue of lungs. Cancer vaccines enables to prevent the growth of cancer or reduce the risk of an individual. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/5405 According to World Health Organization, approximately 8.2 million deaths are reported in the year of 2012 due to cancer. Also, it is predicted that annual cancer cases will rise to 14 million to 22 million in next two decades. In addition, it is stated by National Cancer Institute that there are approximately 1,660,290 cases reported in the United States in year 2013. These increasing incidences of cancer cases drives the market of cancer vaccines during the forecast period. The major driving factor of cancer vaccines is that these are low cost treatment as compared to the high cost cancer therapies which are commercially available. Moreover, increasing use of tobacco, alcohol and unhealthy dietary habits are leading risk factors for increasing number of cancer cases that will further propel the growth of cancer vaccines market. However, less number of commercially available vaccines for the treatment of cancer might restrain the market growth. Geographically, North America and Europe dominates the global cancer vaccines market due to large patient base and rise in treatment seeking population in these regions. Also, with the rise in geriatric population the number of people diagnosed with cancer also increases that ultimately impacts the growth of cancer vaccines in these markets. The market of cancer vaccines in Asia-Pacific holds a strong growth as there is a rise in total number of newly diagnosed patient population in this region. According to World Health Organization, 60% of the world’s annual cases occur in Africa, Asia and South America. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/5405 Various key players dominating the global cancer vaccines market comprises Biogen Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Roche Inc. and others. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCancer, Cancer Vaccines, Cancer Vaccines Market, Global Cancer Vaccines Market, Google News, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, satellite, satPRnews, Vaccines Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious UnionPay International Cooperates with Westpac to Improve Acceptance in New Zealand Next PostNext The way we were Search Recent Posts PicVidShare Facebook Camera APP has been used in 1,196 cities and 163 countries Hot Potato Mobile Edition Launches Kickstarter Campaign to Back Coding for this Classic Game Website offer gamers access to hundreds of unblocked games without any restriction Unveiling a Unique Writer “Marllat Nora” a Writer with wealthy Experience Young and Upcoming Soul singer: Impact Announces the Release of His Latest Album Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Polio Vaccines Market Research: Industry Size, Share, Analysis and Forecast 2021 | Hexa Research “Fact-based market research, penetrating industry insights and validated forecasts to help you make better decisions for a stronger future” Latest Research on Polio Vaccines Market Size, Market Share, Application Analysis, Regional Outlook, Growth, Trends, Competitive Scenario and Forecasts 2021 Polio vaccines are the vaccines that are employed to avert the rates of poliomyelitis. Two kinds of polio vaccines are available. The first one deploys inactivated poliovirus and is offered via injection and the other one utilizes weakened poliovirus which is offered through mouth. It has been found that it is quite secure to use the inactivated polio vaccines. At times what happens, at the site of injection, mild redness or pain occurs. Browse Details of the Report@ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/polio-vaccines-market On the contrary, the oral polio vaccines lead to vaccine-associated paralytic poliomyelitis in about three per million doses. It has been observed that the chances for a person to get paralyze after a polio infection are quite few. However, both are generally considered as safe to give at the time of pregnancy and to those who have HIV/AIDS. Recommendations by World Health Organization states that all the children around the world should be vaccinated against polio. It is said that these two categories of vaccines have contributed largely in eradicating polio from majority of the parts in the world that has in turn decreased the number of cases. Market size on the basis of application spans Pediatric, and Adult. Among both of them, the pediatrics segment is likely to obtain the largest share in the market, the reason being increase in the number of awareness programs for raising awareness regarding vaccination. Related Reports @ Live Attenuated Vaccines Market HPV Vaccines Market Market size segmented on the basis of geography spans North America, China, Europe, Japan, India, and Southeast Asia. As far as the geography is concerned, North American is currently leading the market, the reason being initiatives laid down by the government for encouraging the adoption of immunization against diseases like influenza and HPV. Target Audience of the global polio vaccines market include Vaccine Manufacturers, Clinical Laboratories, Vaccine Associations, Vaccine Research Institutes, Group Purchasing Organizations (GPOs), Vaccine Raw Material Suppliers, Immunization Centers, Research and Consulting Firms, Vaccine Product Distributors, Vaccine Development Institutes and Organizations, Hospitals and Laboratories, and Biotechnology and Biopharmaceutical Companies. Major companies operating in the global polio vaccines market include Emergent BioSolutions, Inc, Astellas Pharma Inc, CSL Limited, GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, MedImmune, LLC, Merck & Co, Pfizer, Sanofi Pasteur, and Serum Institute India Pvt. Ltd. Browse Related Category Reports @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/pharmaceuticals-industry About Us: Hexa Research is a market research and consulting organization, offering industry reports, custom research and consulting services to a host of key industries across the globe. We offer comprehensive business intelligence in the form of industry reports which help our clients obtain clarity about their business environment and enable them to undertake strategic growth initiatives. More information @ www.hexaresearch.com Media Contact Company Name: Hexa Research Contact Person: Ryan Shaw Email: sales@hexaresearch.com Phone: +1-800-489-3075 Address:Felton Office Plaza, 6265 Highway 9 City: Felton State: California Country: United States Website: www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/polio-vaccines-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Science, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Profacgen Launched Novel Services for Preclinical Study, Industry Manufacture and Translational Research Next PostNext Global Legal Process Outsourcing Services Market is Gaining Momentum On Account Of Cost Reduction and Enhanced Efficiency Search Recent Posts 横河電機 「Total Insight」コンセプトのもと電磁流量計「ADMAG Total Insight」シリーズを開発 Yokogawa Develops the ADMAG Total Insight Electromagnetic Flowmeters Martin Midstream Partners Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results Hub Group, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results 20多家中国企业加入UEFI Forum，共同寻求国际发展 Proudly powered by WordPress
