Home Close Search Open Search Home News Back Categories All News National World Politics Business Entertainment Crime Emergency On Air Back Categories All On Air Early Edition Mike Hosking Breakfast Leighton Smith Show The Country Kerre McIvor and Mark Dye Afternoons Larry Williams Drive Sportstalk Marcus Lush Nights The All Sports Breakfast Saturday Morning with Jack Tame Andrew Dickens Sunday Cafe Veitch on Sport The Two Sunday Mornings with The Resident Builder Nutters Club Total Recall Real Life In My Day Overnight Talk The Best Of... Sports Power Hour Auckland Wellington Christchurch Otago On Demand Back Categories All On Demand Audio Video Listen from Overseas Listen via SONOS Week on Demand Opinion What's On Back Categories All What's On Submit community notices Cancellations Competitions Lifestyle Back Categories All Lifestyle Movies Travel Recipes Books Music Motoring Home and Garden Technology Photos Back Categories All Photos National World Politics Funny Entertainment Sport Lifestyle Weather Traffic Back Categories All Traffic Auckland Hamilton Tauranga Wellington Christchurch Contact Back Categories All Contact Contact Us Form Be the reporter Subscribe to our newsletter Advertise with Us Make a complaint Website Terms of Use & Privacy Policy NZH Focus Newstalk ZB Radio Sport Coast Mix The Hits ZM Flava Hauraki The ACC Other The Country ZB News News National World Politics Business Entertainment Crime Emergency Next On Air On Air Early Edition Mike Hosking Breakfast Leighton Smith Show The Country Kerre McIvor and Mark Dye Afternoons Larry Williams Drive Sportstalk Marcus Lush Nights The All Sports Breakfast Saturday Morning with Jack Tame Andrew Dickens Sunday Cafe Veitch on Sport The Two Sunday Mornings with The Resident Builder Nutters Club Total Recall Real Life In My Day Overnight Talk The Best Of... Sports Power Hour Auckland Wellington Christchurch Otago Next On Demand On Demand Audio Video Listen from Overseas Listen via SONOS Week on Demand Next Opinion Opinion What's On What's On Submit community notices Cancellations Next Competitions Competitions Lifestyle Lifestyle Movies Travel Recipes Books Music Motoring Home and Garden Technology Next Photos Photos National World Politics Funny Entertainment Sport Lifestyle Next Weather Weather Traffic Traffic Auckland Hamilton Tauranga Wellington Christchurch Next Contact Contact Contact Us Form Be the reporter Subscribe to our newsletter Advertise with Us Make a complaint Website Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Next NZH Focus NZH Focus Region: Auckland Auckland Wellington Christchurch Sportstalk 7PM - 8PM Loading... Home News National Tolley furious about privacy breach Tolley furious about privacy breach Author Issac Davison, Section National, Publish Date Thursday, 6 April 2017, 3:16PM Social Development Minister Anne Tolley says she is "furious" about a privacy breach at her ministry and has hinted jobs could be lost as a result of the blunder. (Mark Mitchell) Social Development Minister Anne Tolley says she is "furious" about a privacy breach at her ministry and has hinted jobs could be lost as a result of the blunder. The breach is deeply embarrassing as it comes at a time when Government is trying to persuade non-government organisations (NGOs) to share detailed, sensitive information about their clients. It also gives fresh ammunition for Opposition parties to attack National's much-vaunted social investment approach, which depends on greater information-sharing between agencies. "Embarrassing isn't the word," Tolley told reporters at Parliament this afternoon. "I am furious." The matter was now "an employment issue", she said. She would not go into further detail, but said it was "pretty serious" and had been referred to the chief executive. Tolley revealed yesterday that the Ministry for Social Development's information-sharing system had been shut down after one provider was found to be able to view information in another provider's folder. It was "lucky" that a no sensitive details were in the folder, Tolley said. Such incidents damaged public trust, she said. But she rejected any suggestion that MSD was not trustworthy with personal data. "MSD have a lot of data about a lot of people. We had one big incident around the kiosks, which was part of trying to give people better access to their own information. "MSD deals with a million New Zealanders on a daily basis and we don't have massive breaches of people's privacy. They should have been able to manage this." It would take "as long as it needs to take" to get a new system up and running, she said. Earlier today, the Privacy Commissioner released a highly critical report about the Government's policy of requiring community groups to give up data about their clients if they wanted state funding. The policy was "excessive" and breached privacy rules, the report concluded. Commissioner John Edwards said there was a risk that the new funding arrangement between MSD and NGOs could deter some people who were in need of support. "Not only could that put those people further at risk, and increases pressure on the NGOs, the ultimate result could be that those individuals become 'invisible' to Government and policy-makers," he said. The new MSD contracts investigated by Edwards would make the provision of personal, detailed client data a condition of Government funding. Community groups cannot opt out of the arrangement. The policy will be introduced in July, but Opposition parties now say it should be scrapped. It could apply to up to 4300 contracts linked to Work and Income, Family and Community Services and the Youth Development and Vulnerable Children ministries. So far, 136 providers had been asked to share their information, and 10 had agreed to do so. Edwards said no NGO received state funding "as of right", and it was important that Government took steps to ensure any programme it funded was effective. This required good data, he said. "However, insufficient consideration has been given to means by which Government might achieve those legitimate aims in ways that do not involve the collection of excessive or unnecessary personal information." The policy was inconsistent with the Privacy Act and should be amended, Edwards said. He identified three main privacy risks: Individuals could choose not to seek help at all; to provide incorrect information to preserve their privacy; or NGOs could give people access to MSD services without providing their personal information, meaning they became "invisible" to the Government. Edwards was also critical of MSD, saying it failed to clearly explain to NGOs what their data would be used for, who it would be disclosed to and how it could be used in future. It had also put the policy in place "prematurely" without proper consideration of the privacy risks. A possible alternative proposed by Edwards was to allow Statistics New Zealand to receive the information from NGOs, and that agency could provide anonymised analysis to the ministry. Tolley, however, said that recommendation could not be accepted. Anonymised data only told the ministry whether services were effective, and the Government wanted to "do much more than that", she said. MSD needed clients' names, addresses, dates of birth, the number of children they had, and the age of their youngest child. This would help determine whether agencies were duplicating each others' work and where the gaps in services were. Tolley said she had asked MSD whether exemptions could be made for groups which were reluctant to share their sensitive information. She also challenged Edwards' findings, saying they were based on assumption and that there was no proof people would choose not to seek help rather than provide their personal details to MSD. Labour's social development spokeswoman Carmel Sepuloni said the report confirmed that people most in need - clients of Women's Refuge or Rape Crisis - could be deterred from seeking support. The findings "throw a huge spanner in the works" of the Government's flagship social investment approach, she said. Under this approach, the Government is increasingly looking to use large, detailed datasets to decide which social services should get funding. "The Commissioner clearly states that this current data grab could not be deemed a better use of data and could instead deter those in need from seeking support and increase long term costs," Sepuloni said. Green Party social development spokeswoman Jan Logie said the Government needed to immediately put a stop to the MSD contracts. "With the Privacy Commissioner and community groups like Rape Crisis and Budget Services coming out against this data intrusion, the Government must realise that it will not achieve its social objectives by overriding individuals rights to privacy." National Tolley furious about privacy breach Read Article Central Otago now less affordable than Auckland Read Article Christchurch rallies to become NZ's first... Read Article News National World Politics Business Entertainment More On Air Early Edition Mike Hosking Breakfast Leighton Smith Show The Country Kerre McIvor and Mark Dye Afternoons More On Demand Audio Video Listen from Overseas Listen via SONOS Week on Demand What's On Submit community notices Cancellations Lifestyle Movies Travel Recipes Books Music More Photos National World Politics Funny Entertainment More Traffic Auckland Hamilton Tauranga Wellington Christchurch Contact Contact Us Form Be the reporter Subscribe to our newsletter Advertise with Us Make a complaint More Opinion Competitions Weather NZH Focus Frequencies Alexandra 95.1FM Ashburton 98.1 FM 873AM Auckland 1080AM 89.4FM Blenheim 92.1FM Christchurch 1098AM 100.1FM Dunedin 1044AM Gisborne 945AM Greymouth 98.7FM Hawkes Bay 90.3FM 1278AM Kapiti 89.5FM Manawatu 100.2FM 927AM Masterton 846AM Nelson 1341AM New Plymouth 96.4FM 1053AM Northland 1026AM 1215AM Oamaru 1395AM Queenstown 89.6FM Rotorua 747AM Southland 864AM Taupo 96.0FM Tauranga 90.2FM 1008AM Timaru 1152AM Tokoroa 1413AM Waikato 1296AM 97FM Wanaka 90.6FM Wanganui 1197AM Wellington 89.3FM 1035AM Westport 1287AM Follow Us Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Youtube © Copyright NZME Privacy Policy Terms of Use Third Party Info ON AIR: Sportstalk 7PM - 8PM Listen on iHeartRadio
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / MilliporeSigma Announces First Stops in National Curiosity Cube™ Tour MilliporeSigma Announces First Stops in National Curiosity Cube™ Tour Posted on April 5, 2017 by CSRwire Press Releases, Events and Reports in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition.  MilliporeSigma today announced nine stops for the first half of its national, year-long Curiosity Cube™ tour. Built on the company’s successful Curiosity Labs™ program, the Curiosity Cube™—a 22×10-foot, retrofitted shipping container that has been transformed into a mobile science lab—is sparking scientific curiosity through interactive, hands-on science experiments. The Curiosity Cube™ tour started in San Francisco and has since made stops in San Diego, Sacramento and Seattle. With a goal of reaching 350,000 students this year, the mobile science lab will visit more than two dozen locations across the United States, including Laramie, Wyoming (April 7-13); Austin, Texas (April 17-30); Houston (May 1-14); Kansas City, Missouri (May 15-28) and St. Louis (May 29-June 30). “As our Curiosity Cube™ travels the United States, we look forward to engaging curious minds of all ages to explore careers in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM),” said Renee Connolly, Head of Communications & Corporate Responsibility, MilliporeSigma. “A commitment to STEM education today means more scientific breakthroughs in the future. We are proud to offer this first-ever program.” All Curiosity Cube™ experiments are staffed by MilliporeSigma employees—allowing visitors to ask questions and discuss possibilities of future careers in the industry. To help execute the Curiosity Cube™ experience, MilliporeSigma is collaborating with Betabox—a provider of on-demand, customized mobile lab spaces supplied with advanced equipment and technologies to promote hands-on learning. Equipped with these tools, the Curiosity Cube™ allows visitors to become immersed in specific science topics—from learning about how DNA works to building their own, custom microbe using a 3D printer. To learn more, or to follow the Curiosity Cube™ tour and other MilliporeSigma activities, visit www.thecuriositycube.com and follow #SPARKCuriosity on Twitter and Facebook. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in health care, life science and performance materials. The company has six businesses— Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Allergopharma, Biosimilars, Life Science and Performance Materials—and generated sales of €12.85 billion in 2015. Around 50,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to foster the success of customers and to help meet global challenges. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company—since 1668, the company has stood for innovation, business success and responsible entrepreneurship. Holding an approximately 70 percent interest, the founding family remains the majority owner of the company to this day. The company holds the global rights to the name and the trademark “Merck” internationally except for the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. About the Corporate Responsibility Efforts of the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Through its Corporate Responsibility initiatives, the life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, harnesses the collective expertise, passion and energy of employees to minimize its environmental footprint and positively impact communities around the world. The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is uniquely positioned to solve the toughest problems in life science through its efforts aligned with strengths in research, innovation and collaboration with the global scientific community. This helps differentiate its business and provides a competitive edge for its customers, while accelerating access to health for people everywhere. The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany demonstrates its commitment to Corporate Responsibility through extensive programs in three main areas: Greener Products and Solutions—which includes Design for Sustainability, Green Chemistry, Packaging and Recycling initiatives; Employee and Community Engagement; and Sustainable Operations. Contact: Karen Tiano +1 (978) 495-0093 karen.tiano@emdmillipore.com MilliporeSigma Latest News Cox Enterprises Amplifies The Trust for Public Land’s Mission to Create Parks and Protect Land for People MilliporeSigma Announces First Stops in National Curiosity Cube™ Tour Center for Autism and Related Disorders Partners with Launch Trampoline Park for VIP Night New Video Reveals Excitement For Possible New Somerset Charter High School In South Miami EY Announces Stephen Dash, Founder and CEO of Credible, as an EY Entrepreneur Of The Year 2017 Northern California Semifinalist INVESTOR ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against NantHealth, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Dr. Sarah Jockin to Host Latest CEREC® Seminars Course, CEREC Explore, in Tampa, FL Lifestyle Brand TYLT Announces Its Partnership with OneTreePlanted.org Dynalog Digital Catalogs Gear Up at the Digital Dealer Automotive Conference Rita’s Italian Ice Experiments With Delivery Service © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
National PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe News World Israel & The Middle East World TRENDINGLotto Max | Trump | Tory leadership race | Real estate | Vimy 100 New male contraceptive is safe, effective, inexpensive — and can’t find a company to sell it Ari Altstedter, Bloomberg News | April 2, 2017 | Last Updated: Apr 2 4:53 PM ET More from Bloomberg News Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Doctors are on the cusp of launching the first new male contraceptive in more than a century. But rather than a Big Pharma lab, the breakthrough is emerging from a university startup in the heart of rural India. Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Results so far show it’s safe, effective and easy to use-but gaining little traction with drugmakers. That’s frustrating its inventor, who says his technique could play a crucial role in condom-averse populations. A new birth control method for men has the potential to win as much as half the $10 billion market for female contraceptives worldwide and cut into the $3.2 billion of annual condom sales, businesses dominated by pharmaceutical giants Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc. and Merck & Co., according to estimates from the last major drug company to explore the area. India’s reversible procedure could cost as little as $10 in poor countries, and may provide males with years-long fertility control, overcoming compliance problems and avoiding ongoing costs associated with condoms and the female birth-control pill, which is usually taken daily. It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries, who the World Health Organization says have an unmet need for contraception. Yet so far only a U.S. non-profit has taken up development of the technology abroad. For Sujoy Guha, 76, the biomedical engineer who invented the product, the challenge is to find a company that wants to sell it. But male contraception is an area Big Pharma has so far shown little interest in. “The fact that the big companies are run by white, middle-aged males who have the same feeling-that they would never do it-plays a major role,” said Herjan Coelingh Bennink, a gynecology professor who helped develop the contraceptives Implanon and Cerazette as head of research and development in women’s health for Organon International from 1987 to 2000. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.” Guha’s technique for impairing male fertility relies on a polymer gel that’s injected into the sperm-carrying tubes in the scrotum. The gel, which has the consistency of melted chocolate, carries a positive charge that acts as a buffer on negatively charged sperm, damaging their heads and tails, and rendering them infertile. The treatment, known as reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance, or RISUG, is reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, allowing sperm to reach the penis normally. The expected launch of RISUG over the next two years will contribute to the Indian contraceptive market’s 17 percent growth through 2021, according to a report last year from Pharmaion Consultants, based near New Delhi. The procedure is 98 percent effective at preventing pregnancy-about the same as condoms if they are used every time-and has no major side effects, according to R. S. Sharma, head of reproductive biology and maternal health at the Indian Council of Medical Research. About 540 men have received it in India, where it continues to prevent pregnancies in their partners 13 years after treatment, he said. A submission to regulators this year will seek approval for RISUG as a permanent method of birth control. That will be appended with clinical data supporting reversibility, Sharma said. India has more married women with an unmet need for family planning than any other country, and social stigma and a lack of privacy in stores has kept condom use to less than 6 percent.Read More: Durex Wants to Break India’s Condom-Buying Taboo Globally, men tend to take a back seat in matters of contraception. Almost 60 percent of women in spousal relationships used the contraceptive pill or some other form of modern contraception worldwide in 2015, according to a United Nations report. In contrast, 8 percent relied on their male partner using a condom. A new option for male birth control could garner as much as half the female contraceptives market, according to research by Organon in the 1990s, when the Dutch drugmaker partnered with Germany’s Schering AG on the last major effort to develop a male birth control pill. Demand would come from couples in long-term relationships looking to share family-planning responsibilities and single men looking for an alternative to condoms to prevent an unintended pregnancy from casual sex, Coelingh Bennink said. Still, there were questions at Organon about whether it would be worthwhile financially to develop a new entrant in the low-margin contraceptives market, and the project was eventually shelved, he said. Efforts on a hormone-based male contraceptive continued in 2008 in a study co-funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and UN agencies that was published in October. While the injected regimen’s efficacy was “relatively good” compared to other methods, the study was terminated early after a safety review. The authors noted a “relatively high” frequency of mild to moderate mood disorders, sparking a media uproar over perceived double standards in the development of contraceptives because the side effects seemed similar to those women experience on the pill. Bayer, which bought Schering in 2006, stopped all research and development activities around male fertility control about a decade ago, said Astrid Kranz, a company spokeswoman. Although an earlier clinical trial involving the administration of hormones via injection and an implant was “efficient, with a tolerable side effect profile,” Kranz said, the Leverkusen, Germany-based drugmaker wasn’t convinced this “inconvenient” regimen would find sufficient market acceptance. Male contraception isn’t an area of active research for Pfizer and Merck either, representatives said. Both companies sell products for female fertility control. Side effects aside, it would take about $100 million and 10 years to bring a hormone-based male birth control pill to market-a low-priority undertaking for pharmaceutical executives, Coelingh Bennink said. That’s now the dilemma Indian inventor Guha faces. “In doing anything abroad, quite substantial money is required, and that can only come from the pharmaceutical industry,” Guha said, surrounded by dusty stacks of paper, books and prototype inventions that bury every surface in his office at the Indian Institute of Technology in Kharagpur, about 80 miles (130 kilometers) west of Kolkata. In the face of disinterest from the pharmaceutical industry, Guha licensed the technology to the Parsemus Foundation, a U.S.-based non-profit, to help establish a market for it outside India, he said. Parsemus is working on its own version, called Vasalgel, that it plans to manufacture and distribute at near cost-or potentially $10 to $20 per person in low- and middle-income countries-and $400 to $600 per person in wealthier markets, Elaine Lissner, the foundation’s founder, said in an email. The foundation, based in Berkeley, California, is seeking donations to fund costly human trials starting next year after a study in 16 rhesus monkeys published last month showed Vasalgel was successful in preventing conception while the primates fraternized with females for 5 to 24 months. Guha meantime has registered a startup in India called IcubedG Ideas Pvt. Ltd. through which he is pushing ahead with introducing the technology in his home country. He leased space in a New Delhi industrial zone in January after developing a method of mass production using a government grant. Three couples who participated in the clinical trials gathered in his Kharagpur office in February to attest to the need. Kinkar Ari, 39, a day laborer from a nearby village, said that when he and his wife decided they didn’t want more children they had a choice between tubal ligation for her or vasectomy for him, but neither could afford the time off to recuperate from the surgery. When a public health worker told the couple about Guha’s promising alternative, Ari decided to enroll in the study. The injection took 15 minutes with local anesthesia, and after half an hour of observation at the clinic, he said, he was able to walk the 2.5 kilometers home. Two days later, he was back at work. Ari was so enthused by the procedure he convinced two other couples to have it done, he said. Such stories encourage Guha to persist, he said, even though patents on his invention have long since expired and he won’t see any personal financial gain even if it takes off worldwide. “Why should the burden be borne by the female only?” he said in his office after the three couples had left. “There has to be an equal partnership.” With assistance from Jared S Hopkins and Johannes Koch   Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: News, World, United States World Videos Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Post to Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Merck to Present New Data on ZEPATIER® (elbasvir and grazoprevir) and Investigational Combination Therapy MK-3682B for the Treatment of Chronic Hepatitis C Infection at The International Liver Congress™ 2017 KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, today announced that new data from the company’s chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) clinical development programs as well as real-world studies on ZEPATIER® (elbasvir and grazoprevir) 50mg/100mg tablets will be presented at the upcoming International Liver Congress™ 2017. Seventeen scientific abstracts will be presented, including oral sessions featuring real-world data on chronic HCV-infected patients treated with ZEPATIER from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Healthcare System and new results from the C-SURGE trial evaluating MK-3682B [uprifosbuvir (MK-3682)1/grazoprevir2/rusazvir3] in patients with chronic HCV infection who have previously failed a HCV direct-acting antiviral regimen. The International Liver Congress™ 2017 will take place in Amsterdam, Netherlands from April 19 – 23, 2017. “We continue to generate new data on ZEPATIER while advancing our ongoing investigational program evaluating uprifosbuvir in combination with other assets, underscoring our continued commitment to chronic HCV research,” said Dr. Eliav Barr, senior vice president, global clinical development, infectious diseases and vaccines, Merck Research Laboratories. “Findings from both randomized clinical trials and real-world data analyses help us better understand the treatment of diverse patient types, including those who have been historically underserved or for whom unmet needs remain.” In the United States, ZEPATIER is indicated for the treatment of chronic HCV genotype (GT) 1 or GT4 infection in adults. ZEPATIER is indicated for use with ribavirin (RBV) in certain patient populations. The U.S. Prescribing Information for ZEPATIER contains a Boxed Warning about the risk of hepatitis B virus (HBV) reactivation in patients co-infected with HCV and HBV. Key presentations at The International Liver Congress™ 2017 will include: ZEPATIER (elbasvir and grazoprevir) Thursday, April 20 Real-World Use of Elbasvir/Grazoprevir and Outcomes in Patients With Chronic Hepatitis C: Retrospective Data Analyses From the TRIO Network (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-239, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Prevention of Liver-Related Complications With Elbasvir/Grazoprevir in Hepatitis C Infected Patients who are Receiving Opioid Agonist Therapy (OAT) (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-246, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Real-World Utilization of the New Fixed-Dose Combination Elbasvir/Grazoprevir in Adult Patients With Chronic Hepatitis C in Canada: Z-PROFILE Study (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-266, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Clinically Meaningful Differences in Health-Related Quality of Life and Fatigue in Patients With Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) Infection Treated With Elbasvir/Grazoprevir (EBR/GZR) Compared to Sofosbuvir (SOF) With Pegylated Interferon and Ribavirin (PR) (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-245, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Projected Long Term Impact of Elbasvir/Grazoprevir (EBR/GZR) Compared to Sofosbuvir Plus Pegylated Interferon/Ribavirin (SOF+PR) in Chronic Hepatitis C Virus Genotype 1 and 4 Patients in Italy: Translation of the C-EDGE Head-2-Head Study Findings (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-247, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Safety and Efficacy of Elbasvir and Grazoprevir With or Without Ribavirin for the Treatment of Hepatitis C Virus Genotype 1: Results of the Hepatitis C Virus-TARGET Study (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-237, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Friday, April 21 Real World Experience With Elbasvir/Grazoprevir in the Veterans Affairs Healthcare System (Oral presentation, Abstract PS-095, 4:00 – 4:15 p.m. CEST) Efficacy and Safety of Elbasvir/Grazoprevir in Treatment-Naïve Patients With Chronic HCV GT 1, GT 4 and GT 6 Infection ( C-CORAL ): A Phase III Randomized Multinational Clinical Trial (Poster presentation, Abstract FRI-266, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Elbasvir/Grazoprevir Plus Sofosbuvir in Treatment-Naive and Treatment-Experienced Cirrhotic Patients With Hepatitis C Virus Genotype 3 Infection Treated for 8, 12, or 16 weeks: Final Results of the C-ISLE Study (Poster presentation, Abstract FRI-213, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Successful Treatment of Patients With HCV GT3 Infection and Cirrhosis with Elbasvir/Grazoprevir Plus Sofosbuvir Does Not Correct Insulin Resistance by 12 weeks Post-Treatment (Poster presentation, Abstract FRI-215, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Impact of Elbasvir/Grazoprevir (EBR/GZR) on Health-Related Quality of Life (HRQOL) and Fatigue in Patients With Chronic Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) Infection and Inherited Blood Disorders (IBLD): Data From the C-EDGE IBLD Study (Poster presentation, Abstract FRI-251, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Saturday, April 22 Elbasvir/Grazoprevir Effectiveness in Patients With Chronic Hepatitis C and Chronic Kidney Disease: Real-World Experience From the TRIO Network (Poster presentation, Abstract SAT-297, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) MK-3682B, INVESTIGATIONAL TRIPLE THERAPY Thursday, April 20 Efficacy and Safety of the Fixed-Dose Combination Regimen of MK3 [MK-3682/Grazoprevir/Ruzasvir] With or Without Ribavirin in Non-Cirrhotic or Cirrhotic Patients With Chronic HCV GT1, 2, 3, 4 or 6 Infection (Parts A & B of C-CREST-1 & 2 ) (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-285, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) High Sustained Virologic Response Rates in Patients With Chronic HCV GT1, 2 or 3 Infection Following 16 Weeks of MK-3682/Grazoprevir/Ruzasvir Plus Ribavirin After Having Failed 8 Weeks of a Triplet Drug Regimen (Part C of C-CREST-1 & 2 ) (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-264, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Saturday, April 22 Safety and Efficacy of the Fixed-Dose Combination Regimen of MK-3682/Grazoprevir/Ruzasvir in Cirrhotic or Non-Cirrhotic Patients With Chronic HCV GT1 Infection who Previously Failed a Direct-Acting Antiviral Regimen ( C-SURGE ) (Oral presentation, Abstract PS-159, 9:30 a.m. – 9:45 a.m. CEST) For more information, including a complete list of abstract titles at the meeting, please visit: http://ilc-congress.eu/. About ZEPATIER ®(elbasvir and grazoprevir) 50mg/100mg Tablets ZEPATIER is a fixed-dose combination product containing elbasvir, a HCV NS5A inhibitor, and grazoprevir, an HCV NS3/4A protease inhibitor. In the United States, ZEPATIER is indicated for the treatment of chronic HCV GT1 or 4 infection in adults. ZEPATIER is indicated for use with ribavirin (RBV) in certain patient populations. ZEPATIER is not indicated to treat chronic HCV GT3 or GT6 infection. ZEPATIER has been approved in over 17 countries worldwide, including the United States, Canada, the European Union, Switzerland, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Australia, Japan, Vietnam, Georgia, Korea, New Zealand, Mexico, Taiwan, Egypt, Bahrain, and Argentina, with additional regulatory approvals anticipated. Selected Safety Information about ZEPATIER The U.S. Prescribing Information for ZEPATIER contains a Boxed Warning about the risk of hepatitis B virus (HBV) reactivation in patients coinfected with HCV and HBV. Healthcare professionals should test all patients for evidence of current or prior HBV infection by measuring hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and hepatitis B core antibody (anti-HBc) before initiating treatment with ZEPATIER. HBV reactivation has been reported in HCV/HBV coinfected patients who were undergoing or had completed treatment with HCV direct-acting antivirals and were not receiving HBV antiviral therapy. Some cases have resulted in fulminant hepatitis, hepatic failure, and death. Healthcare professionals should monitor HCV/HBV coinfected patients for clinical and laboratory signs of hepatitis flare or HBV reactivation during HCV treatment and post-treatment follow-up. Healthcare professionals should initiate appropriate patient management for HBV infection as clinically indicated. HBV reactivation has been reported in HBsAg positive patients and also in patients with serologic evidence of resolved HBV infection (i.e., HBsAg negative and anti-HBc positive). The risk of HBV reactivation may be increased in patients receiving some immunosuppressant or chemotherapeutic agents. HBV reactivation is characterized as an abrupt increase in HBV replication manifesting as a rapid increase in serum HBV DNA level. In patients with resolved HBV infection, reappearance of HBsAg can occur. Reactivation of HBV replication may be accompanied by hepatitis, i.e., increases in aminotransferase levels and, in severe cases, increases in bilirubin levels, liver failure, and death can occur. ZEPATIER is not for use in patients with moderate or severe hepatic impairment (Child Pugh B or C). ZEPATIER is also not for use with inhibitors of organic anion transporting polypeptides 1B1/3 (OATP1B1/3) that are known or expected to significantly increase grazoprevir plasma concentrations (e.g., atazanavir, darunavir, lopinavir, saquinavir, tipranavir, cyclosporine), strong cytochrome P450 3A (CYP3A) inducers (e.g., carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, St. John’s Wort), and efavirenz. If ZEPATIER (elbasvir and grazoprevir) is administered with RBV, healthcare professionals should refer to the prescribing information for RBV as the contraindications, warnings and precautions, adverse reactions and dosing for RBV also apply to this combination regimen. Elevations of alanine transaminase (ALT) to greater than 5 times the upper limit of normal (ULN) occurred in 1% of subjects, generally at or after treatment week 8. These late ALT elevations were typically asymptomatic and most resolved with ongoing or completion of therapy. Healthcare professionals should perform hepatic lab testing on patients prior to therapy, at treatment week 8, and as clinically indicated. For patients receiving 16 weeks of therapy, additional hepatic lab testing should be performed at treatment week 12. Patients should be instructed to consult their healthcare professional without delay if they have onset of fatigue, weakness, lack of appetite, nausea and vomiting, jaundice or discolored feces. Healthcare providers should consider discontinuing ZEPATIER if ALT levels remain persistently greater than 10 times ULN. ZEPATIER should be discontinued if ALT elevation is accompanied by signs or symptoms of liver inflammation or increasing conjugated bilirubin, alkaline phosphatase, or international normalized ratio. The concomitant use of ZEPATIER with certain drugs may lead to adverse reactions or reduced therapeutic effect due to drug interactions. Certain strong CYP3A inhibitors may increase the plasma concentration of ZEPATIER, leading to possibly clinically significant adverse reactions. Moderate CYP3A inducers may decrease the plasma concentration of ZEPATIER, leading to reduced therapeutic effect and possible development of resistance. Coadministration of ZEPATIER with these drugs is not recommended. Physicians should consult the Prescribing Information for potential drug interactions. In subjects receiving ZEPATIER for 12 weeks, the most commonly reported adverse reactions of all intensity (greater than or equal to 5% in placebo-controlled trials) were fatigue, headache and nausea. In subjects receiving ZEPATIER with RBV for 16 weeks, the most commonly reported adverse reactions of moderate or severe intensity (greater than or equal to 5%) were anemia and headache. Selected Dosage and Administration Information for ZEPATIER ®(elbasvir and grazoprevir) ZEPATIER is a single tablet taken once daily. The recommended dosing is 12 or 16 weeks with or without RBV, depending on HCV genotype, prior treatment history and, for patients with genotype 1a infection, presence of certain baseline NS5A resistance-associated polymorphisms. See Prescribing Information for ZEPATIER for specific dosage regimens and durations. Refer to RBV prescribing information for RBV dosing and dosage modifications when ZEPATIER is given with RBV. To determine dosage regimen and duration of ZEPATIER for genotype 1a patients, testing for the presence of virus with one or more baseline NS5A resistance-associated polymorphisms at positions 28, 30, 31, or 93 is recommended prior to initiating treatment. Merck’s Commitment to HCV For more than 30 years, Merck has been at the forefront of the response to the HCV epidemic. Merck’s chronic HCV clinical development programs have included more than 135 clinical trials in approximately 40 countries and have enrolled nearly 10,000 participants. As part of our longstanding leadership in infectious diseases, Merck collaborates with the scientific and patient communities to develop and deliver innovative solutions to support people living with chronic HCV worldwide. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for ZEPATIER (elbasvir and grazoprevir) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zepatier/zepatier_pi.pdf and the Patient Information for ZEPATIER at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zepatier/zepatier_ppi.pdf . 1 MK-3682 is an HCV nucleotide analogue NS5B polymerase inhibitor. 2 Grazoprevir is an HCV NS3/4A protease inhibitor (100mg). 3 Rusazvir (MK-8408) is an HCV NS5A inhibitor. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Street Lighting 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 4.47% and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Are Fish Oil Supplements Really Worth the Money? Search Recent Posts Global Dental Bone Graft Substitutes Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Analysis And Industry Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Quorum Health Corporation Announces Board of Directors Has Completed Its Investigation Related to the Spin-off from Community Health Systems NEW TRAFFIC PATTERN AHEAD AT ROUTE 610 AND ONVILLE ROAD – As construction concludes to expand intersection in Stafford County, motorists should be alert for new turn lanes and pavement markings VDOT UNVEILS I-95 REVAMP PROJECTS FOR BETTER RICHMOND-AREA COMMUTES – The $52 million collection of projects will offer value-driven solutions to enhance traffic flow and safety Vascular Imaging Systems Market in United States Analysis and Growth Forecast by Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Merck to Present New Data on ZEPATIER® (elbasvir and grazoprevir) and Investigational Combination Therapy MK-3682B for the Treatment of Chronic Hepatitis C Infection at The International Liver Congress™ 2017 KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, today announced that new data from the company’s chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) clinical development programs as well as real-world studies on ZEPATIER® (elbasvir and grazoprevir) 50mg/100mg tablets will be presented at the upcoming International Liver Congress™ 2017. Seventeen scientific abstracts will be presented, including oral sessions featuring real-world data on chronic HCV-infected patients treated with ZEPATIER from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Healthcare System and new results from the C-SURGE trial evaluating MK-3682B [uprifosbuvir (MK-3682)1/grazoprevir2/rusazvir3] in patients with chronic HCV infection who have previously failed a HCV direct-acting antiviral regimen. The International Liver Congress™ 2017 will take place in Amsterdam, Netherlands from April 19 – 23, 2017. “We continue to generate new data on ZEPATIER while advancing our ongoing investigational program evaluating uprifosbuvir in combination with other assets, underscoring our continued commitment to chronic HCV research,” said Dr. Eliav Barr, senior vice president, global clinical development, infectious diseases and vaccines, Merck Research Laboratories. “Findings from both randomized clinical trials and real-world data analyses help us better understand the treatment of diverse patient types, including those who have been historically underserved or for whom unmet needs remain.” In the United States, ZEPATIER is indicated for the treatment of chronic HCV genotype (GT) 1 or GT4 infection in adults. ZEPATIER is indicated for use with ribavirin (RBV) in certain patient populations. The U.S. Prescribing Information for ZEPATIER contains a Boxed Warning about the risk of hepatitis B virus (HBV) reactivation in patients co-infected with HCV and HBV. Key presentations at The International Liver Congress™ 2017 will include: ZEPATIER (elbasvir and grazoprevir) Thursday, April 20 Real-World Use of Elbasvir/Grazoprevir and Outcomes in Patients With Chronic Hepatitis C: Retrospective Data Analyses From the TRIO Network (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-239, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Prevention of Liver-Related Complications With Elbasvir/Grazoprevir in Hepatitis C Infected Patients who are Receiving Opioid Agonist Therapy (OAT) (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-246, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Real-World Utilization of the New Fixed-Dose Combination Elbasvir/Grazoprevir in Adult Patients With Chronic Hepatitis C in Canada: Z-PROFILE Study (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-266, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Clinically Meaningful Differences in Health-Related Quality of Life and Fatigue in Patients With Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) Infection Treated With Elbasvir/Grazoprevir (EBR/GZR) Compared to Sofosbuvir (SOF) With Pegylated Interferon and Ribavirin (PR) (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-245, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Projected Long Term Impact of Elbasvir/Grazoprevir (EBR/GZR) Compared to Sofosbuvir Plus Pegylated Interferon/Ribavirin (SOF+PR) in Chronic Hepatitis C Virus Genotype 1 and 4 Patients in Italy: Translation of the C-EDGE Head-2-Head Study Findings (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-247, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Safety and Efficacy of Elbasvir and Grazoprevir With or Without Ribavirin for the Treatment of Hepatitis C Virus Genotype 1: Results of the Hepatitis C Virus-TARGET Study (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-237, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Friday, April 21 Real World Experience With Elbasvir/Grazoprevir in the Veterans Affairs Healthcare System (Oral presentation, Abstract PS-095, 4:00 – 4:15 p.m. CEST) Efficacy and Safety of Elbasvir/Grazoprevir in Treatment-Naïve Patients With Chronic HCV GT 1, GT 4 and GT 6 Infection (C-CORAL): A Phase III Randomized Multinational Clinical Trial (Poster presentation, Abstract FRI-266, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Elbasvir/Grazoprevir Plus Sofosbuvir in Treatment-Naive and Treatment-Experienced Cirrhotic Patients With Hepatitis C Virus Genotype 3 Infection Treated for 8, 12, or 16 weeks: Final Results of the C-ISLE Study (Poster presentation, Abstract FRI-213, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Successful Treatment of Patients With HCV GT3 Infection and Cirrhosis with Elbasvir/Grazoprevir Plus Sofosbuvir Does Not Correct Insulin Resistance by 12 weeks Post-Treatment (Poster presentation, Abstract FRI-215, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Impact of Elbasvir/Grazoprevir (EBR/GZR) on Health-Related Quality of Life (HRQOL) and Fatigue in Patients With Chronic Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) Infection and Inherited Blood Disorders (IBLD): Data From the C-EDGE IBLD Study (Poster presentation, Abstract FRI-251, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Saturday, April 22 Elbasvir/Grazoprevir Effectiveness in Patients With Chronic Hepatitis C and Chronic Kidney Disease: Real-World Experience From the TRIO Network (Poster presentation, Abstract SAT-297, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) MK-3682B, INVESTIGATIONAL TRIPLE THERAPY Thursday, April 20 Efficacy and Safety of the Fixed-Dose Combination Regimen of MK3 [MK-3682/Grazoprevir/Ruzasvir] With or Without Ribavirin in Non-Cirrhotic or Cirrhotic Patients With Chronic HCV GT1, 2, 3, 4 or 6 Infection (Parts A & B of C-CREST-1 & 2) (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-285, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) High Sustained Virologic Response Rates in Patients With Chronic HCV GT1, 2 or 3 Infection Following 16 Weeks of MK-3682/Grazoprevir/Ruzasvir Plus Ribavirin After Having Failed 8 Weeks of a Triplet Drug Regimen (Part C of C-CREST-1 & 2) (Poster presentation, Abstract THU-264, 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. CEST) Saturday, April 22 Safety and Efficacy of the Fixed-Dose Combination Regimen of MK-3682/Grazoprevir/Ruzasvir in Cirrhotic or Non-Cirrhotic Patients With Chronic HCV GT1 Infection who Previously Failed a Direct-Acting Antiviral Regimen (C-SURGE) (Oral presentation, Abstract PS-159, 9:30 a.m. – 9:45 a.m. CEST) For more information, including a complete list of abstract titles at the meeting, please visit: http://ilc-congress.eu/. About ZEPATIER®(elbasvir and grazoprevir) 50mg/100mg Tablets ZEPATIER is a fixed-dose combination product containing elbasvir, a HCV NS5A inhibitor, and grazoprevir, an HCV NS3/4A protease inhibitor. In the United States, ZEPATIER is indicated for the treatment of chronic HCV GT1 or 4 infection in adults. ZEPATIER is indicated for use with ribavirin (RBV) in certain patient populations. ZEPATIER is not indicated to treat chronic HCV GT3 or GT6 infection. ZEPATIER has been approved in over 17 countries worldwide, including the United States, Canada, the European Union, Switzerland, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Australia, Japan, Vietnam, Georgia, Korea, New Zealand, Mexico, Taiwan, Egypt, Bahrain, and Argentina, with additional regulatory approvals anticipated. Selected Safety Information about ZEPATIER The U.S. Prescribing Information for ZEPATIER contains a Boxed Warning about the risk of hepatitis B virus (HBV) reactivation in patients coinfected with HCV and HBV. Healthcare professionals should test all patients for evidence of current or prior HBV infection by measuring hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and hepatitis B core antibody (anti-HBc) before initiating treatment with ZEPATIER. HBV reactivation has been reported in HCV/HBV coinfected patients who were undergoing or had completed treatment with HCV direct-acting antivirals and were not receiving HBV antiviral therapy. Some cases have resulted in fulminant hepatitis, hepatic failure, and death. Healthcare professionals should monitor HCV/HBV coinfected patients for clinical and laboratory signs of hepatitis flare or HBV reactivation during HCV treatment and post-treatment follow-up. Healthcare professionals should initiate appropriate patient management for HBV infection as clinically indicated. HBV reactivation has been reported in HBsAg positive patients and also in patients with serologic evidence of resolved HBV infection (i.e., HBsAg negative and anti-HBc positive). The risk of HBV reactivation may be increased in patients receiving some immunosuppressant or chemotherapeutic agents. HBV reactivation is characterized as an abrupt increase in HBV replication manifesting as a rapid increase in serum HBV DNA level. In patients with resolved HBV infection, reappearance of HBsAg can occur. Reactivation of HBV replication may be accompanied by hepatitis, i.e., increases in aminotransferase levels and, in severe cases, increases in bilirubin levels, liver failure, and death can occur. ZEPATIER is not for use in patients with moderate or severe hepatic impairment (Child Pugh B or C). ZEPATIER is also not for use with inhibitors of organic anion transporting polypeptides 1B1/3 (OATP1B1/3) that are known or expected to significantly increase grazoprevir plasma concentrations (e.g., atazanavir, darunavir, lopinavir, saquinavir, tipranavir, cyclosporine), strong cytochrome P450 3A (CYP3A) inducers (e.g., carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, St. John’s Wort), and efavirenz. If ZEPATIER (elbasvir and grazoprevir) is administered with RBV, healthcare professionals should refer to the prescribing information for RBV as the contraindications, warnings and precautions, adverse reactions and dosing for RBV also apply to this combination regimen. Elevations of alanine transaminase (ALT) to greater than 5 times the upper limit of normal (ULN) occurred in 1% of subjects, generally at or after treatment week 8. These late ALT elevations were typically asymptomatic and most resolved with ongoing or completion of therapy. Healthcare professionals should perform hepatic lab testing on patients prior to therapy, at treatment week 8, and as clinically indicated. For patients receiving 16 weeks of therapy, additional hepatic lab testing should be performed at treatment week 12. Patients should be instructed to consult their healthcare professional without delay if they have onset of fatigue, weakness, lack of appetite, nausea and vomiting, jaundice or discolored feces. Healthcare providers should consider discontinuing ZEPATIER if ALT levels remain persistently greater than 10 times ULN. ZEPATIER should be discontinued if ALT elevation is accompanied by signs or symptoms of liver inflammation or increasing conjugated bilirubin, alkaline phosphatase, or international normalized ratio. The concomitant use of ZEPATIER with certain drugs may lead to adverse reactions or reduced therapeutic effect due to drug interactions. Certain strong CYP3A inhibitors may increase the plasma concentration of ZEPATIER, leading to possibly clinically significant adverse reactions. Moderate CYP3A inducers may decrease the plasma concentration of ZEPATIER, leading to reduced therapeutic effect and possible development of resistance. Coadministration of ZEPATIER with these drugs is not recommended. Physicians should consult the Prescribing Information for potential drug interactions. In subjects receiving ZEPATIER for 12 weeks, the most commonly reported adverse reactions of all intensity (greater than or equal to 5% in placebo-controlled trials) were fatigue, headache and nausea. In subjects receiving ZEPATIER with RBV for 16 weeks, the most commonly reported adverse reactions of moderate or severe intensity (greater than or equal to 5%) were anemia and headache. Selected Dosage and Administration Information for ZEPATIER®(elbasvir and grazoprevir) ZEPATIER is a single tablet taken once daily. The recommended dosing is 12 or 16 weeks with or without RBV, depending on HCV genotype, prior treatment history and, for patients with genotype 1a infection, presence of certain baseline NS5A resistance-associated polymorphisms. See Prescribing Information for ZEPATIER for specific dosage regimens and durations. Refer to RBV prescribing information for RBV dosing and dosage modifications when ZEPATIER is given with RBV. To determine dosage regimen and duration of ZEPATIER for genotype 1a patients, testing for the presence of virus with one or more baseline NS5A resistance-associated polymorphisms at positions 28, 30, 31, or 93 is recommended prior to initiating treatment. Merck’s Commitment to HCV For more than 30 years, Merck has been at the forefront of the response to the HCV epidemic. Merck’s chronic HCV clinical development programs have included more than 135 clinical trials in approximately 40 countries and have enrolled nearly 10,000 participants. As part of our longstanding leadership in infectious diseases, Merck collaborates with the scientific and patient communities to develop and deliver innovative solutions to support people living with chronic HCV worldwide. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for ZEPATIER (elbasvir and grazoprevir) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zepatier/zepatier_pi.pdf and the Patient Information for ZEPATIER at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zepatier/zepatier_ppi.pdf. 1 MK-3682 is an HCV nucleotide analogue NS5B polymerase inhibitor. 2 Grazoprevir is an HCV NS3/4A protease inhibitor (100mg). 3 Rusazvir (MK-8408) is an HCV NS5A inhibitor. TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia-Pacific Coastal Patrol Military Vessels Market Research Findings, Market Growth Factors Analysis and Forecasts (2017-2022) Next PostNext Biotech Stocks on Investors’ Radar — Puma Biotechnology, Regeneron Pharma, Calithera, and Lexicon Pharma Search Recent Posts Phototherapy Equipment Market Volume Forecast and Value Chain Analysis 2016-2026 Medical Robots Market size and Key Trends in terms of volume and value 2016-2026 Global Heat Resistant Coatings Market Forecast and Opportunities, 2022 Surface Disinfectant Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2016-2026 CIFI achieved substantial contracted sales YoY growth of 110% in 1Q 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe | Marketing Packages | Forums | Cookie Law | Our sites ThePigSite ThePoultrySite TheFishSite TheCattleSite TheDairySite TheBeefSite TheMeatSite TheCropSite TheSheepSite ThePetSite.co.uk ElSitioAvicola ElSitioPorcino ThePigSite.cn ThePoultrySite.cn TheFishSite.cn AgriTimes.ru 5M Farm Supplies 5M Books Follow @thepigsite News & Analysis Features Markets & Reports Knowledge Centre Business Directory Events Our Shop Forums News Prescription Vaccines Target Emerging Swine Diseases05 April 2017 ANALYSIS - With the rapid pace of swine pathogen mutation, could prescription vaccines be a strategy to fight these emerging diseases? Dr. Rick Sibbel, executive director of technical services at Merck Animal Health, speaks to ThePigSite's Sarah Mikesell about solutions to emerging swine diseases.  "Disease is like a lot of things, and it changes frequently and so we build vaccines to the best possible disease protection or prevention that we can," said Dr. Rick Sibbel, executive director of technical services at Merck Animal Health. "But as we monitor the swine population, we learn that these viruses and bacteria do change over time. At the end of the day, when these changes occur, we have to be prepared because our vaccines that used to work may begin to not work quite as well." Building Prescription Vaccines In 2015,  Merck Animal Health acquired Harrisvaccines. Along with the acquisition came a unique technology that can take pieces of genetic code and create a vaccine that's very specific to the different strains of disease in individual herds. "As we look at this technology, it's pretty exciting because it creates a prescription vaccine environment that allows very specific, customized vaccines for situations where the disease has changed a bit and the old vaccines just don't work as well," Dr. Sibbel said. "This is early in the game and we're learning fast, but there are many applications to this technology." In order to create a prescription vaccine, the Merck Animal Health team works closely with the herd veterinarian to outline the disease history of the herd. Diagnostic samples from animals are analysed looking at the genomic structure of the viruses or the bacteria in the herd. The process is designed to determine if the disease is changing and if they can build a customized vaccine that's specific and protective to the herd in question. This technology is currently being used in herds challenged with swine influenza and PRRS, among others.  Global Application? Harrisvaccines had been US-focused and the first prescription vaccines were built according to the USDA standard and regulations in the US. "We believe that it has applications beyond our US borders, and our global teams are really excited to begin the process of investigating that possibility," said Dr. Sibbel. Sarah Mikesell, Senior EditorFollow @SarahMikesell Pig Health, Pig Welfare, Pig Meat Quality, Conferences & Events, Company/Products, H1N1 Flu Outbreak, Sustainability Share This News By Please Select Advertiser 5M 5M On-line training AB Vista Adisseo ADM AnimalWorld - PORKEXPO 2008 Axcentive Big Dutchman Biomin Boehringer Ingelheim BPEX Cablevey CEVA CHR Hansen CID LINES CTB inc. Delacon Diamond V Du Pont EfferSan EPI Air ESPHM 2013 Eurotier EuroTier 2014 - News FAI Farms Fancom Feedlogic Garth Partnership Genesus Geohellas Harrisvaccines Hermitage Genetics Hipra Hogslat Hotraco Agri Huvepharma Hydro Systems IPPE Jefo Merial MSD Animal Health Novus International Nutraferma Nutriad Old - DuPont Animal Health Solutions Once Innovations Osborne Industries PIC PVS Pig Journal Roxell Schaumann Socorex Isba SA Termotecnica Pericoli Thermo Fisher Scientific TPI Polytechniek VAV Vetagro VIV Vostermans Waldo Genetics World Pork Expo Zoetis Please Select CountryAfghanistanAlbaniaAlgeriaArgentinaArmeniaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBoliviaBotswanaBrazilBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaColombiaCongo, Democratic RepublicCosta RicaCote D'IvoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEstoniaEthiopiaEuropean UnionFalkland Islands (Malvinas)FijiFinlandFranceFrench PolynesiaGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGlobalGreeceGuamGuatemalaGuyanaHaitiHondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanKazakhstanKenyaKorea, NorthKorea, SouthKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaoLatviaLebanonLiberiaLithuaniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaliMaltaMauritiusMexicoMoldovaMongoliaMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew ZealandNicaraguaNigeriaNorwayPakistanPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalQatarRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint Kitts and NevisSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSerbiaSeychellesSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSouth AfricaSpainSri LankaSudanSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTanzaniaThailandTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUruguayVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamYemenZambiaZimbabwe Please Select CategoryH1N1 FluWaterAntibioticFarmer/Worker Health & SafetySmallholder/Hobby farmingCropDiagnosticsCompany/ProductsMarkets and EconomicsGovernment & RegulatoryPig HealthPig WelfareBiosecurity & HygieneArtificial InseminationBreeding & ReproductionGeneticsFeed & NutritionDrinkers & WaterHousing SystemsHeating & VentilationProduction ManagementEnvironmental ManagementWaste ManagementBiodigestion & BiofuelsOdour ControlTransportationSlaughterSustainabilityPig Meat QualityFood SafetyProcessingLabelling & TraceabilityMarketing PorkTraining & DevelopmentConferences & Events Related News MSD Animal Health Names 2017 High Quality Pork PhD Award Recipient   24 March 2017 MSD Animal Health Names 2017 High Quality Pork Ph.D. Award Recipient   22 March 2017 Merck Animal Health Supports Scholarship for 34 Veterinary Students from US, Canada and Asia   15 March 2017 Needle-free Vaccination Lifts Performance on Longford Pig Farm   09 March 2017 Merck Animal Health Calls for Swine PhD Award Submissions   16 November 2016 More News Report on Food Crisis: Benchmark for Action Needed to Avoid Future Disasters    06 April 2017 Manitoba Adopts Balanced Approach to Revitalized Hog Production, Environmental Protection    06 April 2017 Pork Council Addresses Standing Committee on Agriculture, Agri-Food    06 April 2017 Map Highlights Real-time Parasite Risks in Local Areas    05 April 2017 CME: Revision of US Pork Production Projections Expected    05 April 2017 Russia, FAO Work Together to Tackle Antimicrobial Resistance    05 April 2017 City Programme to Trace Pork Origin Runs Into Headwinds    05 April 2017 Health Minister Pledges to Ensure Safety of Pork Imports    05 April 2017 UK Farming Needs to Justify Support Post-Brexit    05 April 2017 QMS Highlights Importance of Migrant Labour to Scottish Abattoirs    05 April 2017 Our Sponsors Partners Seasonal Picks News Pig News Company News Headline News News by Category Analysis Latest Analysis Features Latest Features Reports CME Futures Market USDA Cash Grain Alan Brugler CME Archive Knowledge Walking the Pens Sow Group Housing Artificial-Insemination Managing Pig Health Pig Diseases Treatment Options Stockmanship Standards Disease Problem Solver Reproduction Problem Solver Swine Bibliography A Focus on Ileitis PCVAD and PMWS SwineCast Breeds of Swine Mycotoxins Videos Newsletter Links Marketing Marketing Packages Business Directory Submit Business Events Latest Events Submit Event About About 5m Publishing Our Editors © 2000 - 2014. 5m Publishing, Benchmark House, 8 Smithy Wood Drive, Sheffield, S35 1QN, England. 5m Enterprises Inc., Suite 4120, CBoT, 141 West Jackson Boulevard, Chicago, IL, 60604-2900, USA.- A Benchmark Holdings plc. Company No part of this site may be reproduced without permission. Co. Registration 3332321 VAT No. 100 1348 86 Terms and Conditions | Privacy | Disclaimer
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Global Outlook for Biodegradable Stents Market by Key Trends and Analysis 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/05/2017 — The global hospital acquired infection treatment market in 2015 was dominated by a handful of players, including Abbott, Pfizer, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., and Bayer AG. The market is currently in a state of battle with the growing count of generics available in the world, owing to an incoming wave of patent expirations. This could create a problem for players trying to maintain favorable profit margins. According to a research report released by Transparency Market Research, the highly fragmented global hospital acquired infection treatment market holds a medium level of competition for players of all sizes. Key players are locked in rivalry for the development of treatments for alternative molecule therapies and multi-drug resistant pathogens. At the same time, the threat of new entrants to the existing market is very high, owing to the growing demand for enhanced therapeutics, despite the high entry barriers set by strict regulatory frameworks and capital intensive research and development. The global hospital acquired infection treatment market was valued at US$28.99 bn at the end of 2015 and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 2.7% within a forecast period from 2016 to 2024. By the end of 2024, this market is expected to reach an estimated US$36.61 bn. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/hospital-acquired-infection-treatment-market.html Growing Geriatric Population Propels Nosocomial Treatment Demand in Developed Economies „There is a multi-tracked set of drivers that are currently augmenting the global hospital acquired infection treatment market. Each driver is directly or indirectly linked to the other. Of the many factors in favor of the market’s growth, the leading factor has to be the growing geriatric population. The elderly – due to their lower physical immunity – are incredibly prone to infections and especially nosocomial ones. Therefore, the growing population of the geriatric is a serious factor that needs to be accounted for within the global hospital acquired infection treatment market,” states a TMR analyst. Other factors driving the global hospital acquired infection treatment market include the overall condition of healthcare organizations in emerging economies. Their generally lower levels of hygiene, infrastructure maintenance and sterilization techniques are creating a very high demand for nosocomial infection treatments. Countries from Asia Pacific, for instance, are currently showing to be leading in terms of growth rate of demand, thereby attracting several prominent players in the global hospital acquired infection treatment market. Multi-drug Resistant Bacteria Complicating Market Scenario in Nosocomial Infections Treatments A key restraint acting on the global hospital acquired infection treatment market currently, is the steady increase in the rate of failures in treatment caused by the growing number of multi-drug resistant bacteria. Given a frequent rate of survival of bacteria after being exposed to drugs that are designed to eliminate them, they are known to develop resistance to them, pressuring the healthcare industry to seek alternative treatments or other forms of drug treatments. There is a growing rate of multi-drug resistant bacteria affecting patients and these infections can prove to be heavily detrimental to a patient’s recovery cycle or even be fatal for them. „Key players in the global hospital acquired infection treatment market are more likely to have multiple drugs in the pipeline, the approval of which can be a shot in the arm for the market. The focus on HAIs is increasing at a fast rate in emerging economies as well, giving rise to a massive untapped market for patients from the lower and middle income classes. These avenues can prove to be fruitful for players currently established in the global hospital acquired infection treatment market, as well as new entrants in emerging economies,” adds the analyst. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=17267 About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR Syndicated Research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports thrive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: https://tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vetiver Oil Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Next PostNext Lupus Nephritis Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2023 Search Recent Posts Canon Reveals EF-S 35mm Macro Lens & PowerShot SX730 Digital Camera; More Info at B&H Rockcliff Discovers High Grade Gold at Talbot Property Grading 7.49% Cueq across 3.94 Metres Exploration Underway at Three Projects Geophysics at Aspen and Later – Drilling at Palmetto Global Semi-Trailer Industry 2017 Research Report Dermal Filler Market Globally Expected to Drive Growth through 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market to Reach an Estimated US$36.61 Bn by 2016 to 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/05/2017 — The global hospital acquired infection treatment market in 2015 was dominated by a handful of players, including Abbott, Pfizer, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., and Bayer AG. The market is currently in a state of battle with the growing count of generics available in the world, owing to an incoming wave of patent expirations. This could create a problem for players trying to maintain favorable profit margins. According to a research report released by Transparency Market Research, the highly fragmented global hospital acquired infection treatment market holds a medium level of competition for players of all sizes. Key players are locked in rivalry for the development of treatments for alternative molecule therapies and multi-drug resistant pathogens. At the same time, the threat of new entrants to the existing market is very high, owing to the growing demand for enhanced therapeutics, despite the high entry barriers set by strict regulatory frameworks and capital intensive research and development. The global hospital acquired infection treatment market was valued at US$28.99 bn at the end of 2015 and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 2.7% within a forecast period from 2016 to 2024. By the end of 2024, this market is expected to reach an estimated US$36.61 bn. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/hospital-acquired-infection-treatment-market.html Growing Geriatric Population Propels Nosocomial Treatment Demand in Developed Economies „There is a multi-tracked set of drivers that are currently augmenting the global hospital acquired infection treatment market. Each driver is directly or indirectly linked to the other. Of the many factors in favor of the market’s growth, the leading factor has to be the growing geriatric population. The elderly – due to their lower physical immunity – are incredibly prone to infections and especially nosocomial ones. Therefore, the growing population of the geriatric is a serious factor that needs to be accounted for within the global hospital acquired infection treatment market,” states a TMR analyst. Other factors driving the global hospital acquired infection treatment market include the overall condition of healthcare organizations in emerging economies. Their generally lower levels of hygiene, infrastructure maintenance and sterilization techniques are creating a very high demand for nosocomial infection treatments. Countries from Asia Pacific, for instance, are currently showing to be leading in terms of growth rate of demand, thereby attracting several prominent players in the global hospital acquired infection treatment market. Multi-drug Resistant Bacteria Complicating Market Scenario in Nosocomial Infections Treatments A key restraint acting on the global hospital acquired infection treatment market currently, is the steady increase in the rate of failures in treatment caused by the growing number of multi-drug resistant bacteria. Given a frequent rate of survival of bacteria after being exposed to drugs that are designed to eliminate them, they are known to develop resistance to them, pressuring the healthcare industry to seek alternative treatments or other forms of drug treatments. There is a growing rate of multi-drug resistant bacteria affecting patients and these infections can prove to be heavily detrimental to a patient’s recovery cycle or even be fatal for them. „Key players in the global hospital acquired infection treatment market are more likely to have multiple drugs in the pipeline, the approval of which can be a shot in the arm for the market. The focus on HAIs is increasing at a fast rate in emerging economies as well, giving rise to a massive untapped market for patients from the lower and middle income classes. These avenues can prove to be fruitful for players currently established in the global hospital acquired infection treatment market, as well as new entrants in emerging economies,” adds the analyst. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=17267 About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR Syndicated Research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports thrive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: https://tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Maize Oil Market :Industry Size, Market Share, Trends, Analysis, and Forecast Next PostNext Bucks County Residents Get in Shape This Spring at the Newtown Athletic Club Search Recent Posts A Healthier Home, Hendersonville, N.C., Receives 5th Consecutive ‘Super Service Award’ Short Film – Entirely Shot with a Drone – Premieres as Vimeo Staff Pick Strengthening Results and Accountability Frameworks in Education, Health, and Nutrition in Peru Potassium Acetate Market boosting the growth Worldwide: Market dynamics and trends, efficiencies Forecast 2020 TV Show ‘Stop My Crisis with Host Vivian Gaspar’ is looking for Guests Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Sleeping Aids Market: Global Markets & Advanced Technologies Some of the key players in the sleeping aids market are Merck & Co., Sanofi, Pfizer, Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Philips), Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Care Fusion Corporation, SleepMed, Inc, Cadwell, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, Natus Medical Incorporated, Compumedics Limited. and DeVilbiss Healthcare LLC. Download The Full Brouchre of Report: goo.gl/wwzKoo Sleeping aids are medicines and medical devices that are solutions to an individual’s sleeping disorder. Seeping aids ensure the treatment and diagnosis for sleep disturbances and disorders. The symptoms of sleep disorders include daytime sleepiness, irregular breathing and abnormal sleeping behaviors and increasing movements during sleep. Sleep disorders has an adverse effect to human health. It can cause neural problems that may lead to accidents, lower the productivity of work done by the individual and can cause stress and depression. Moreover, sleep disorder can lead to major chronic diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, obesity and diabetes. In today’s market, alternative and traditional sleeping aids are of great demand. Medical advice through prescriptions and over the counter medication has increased considerably. Therefore, the availability and accessibility of sleeping aids has grown over the past decade. In addition to sleeping pills, accessories such herbal supplements, sound machines and aromatherapy candles are also considered as major sleeping aids. Pillows and mattresses form the largest sleeping aid market but their growth rate is not as significant compared to sleep laboratories. Sleep laboratories carry out sleep testing of individuals suffering from sleep disorders. In such laboratories, sleep disturbances, movements during sleep and sleeping behaviors are ascertained through one or more sessions or therapy. Sleeping aids market is witnessing significant growth and is expected to grow further in the coming years. With the rising aging population, stressful working conditions, inconsistent sleeping hours and change in lifestyle are all major reasons disturbing the sleeping habits in humans and thereby, driving the demands for sleeping aids. On the other hand, the major restraints inhibiting the growth of sleeping aids market globally are the side effects related to the use of sleeping pills and devices. Patent expiration of a number of sleeping drugs is the other reason that can result in the reduction in use of sleeping aids. The global sleep aids market is classified on the basis of four segments such as product, sleep disorder, medication and geography. The product segment has been segregated into sleep laboratories, mattresses and pillows, sleep apnea devices and medications. North America dominates the global sleeping aids market, where U.S. is the largest market in terms of revenue. Stressful modern lifestyle and work life coupled with increasing demand for sleeping pills and rising awareness by numerous health organizations are all driving the growth of the North American sleeping aids market. North America sleep aids market is followed by Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East and Africa (MEA). Asia Pacific is the largest prospective region for the sleeping aids market. The growing demands for sleeping pills and medical devices from an enormous population of India and China is set to bolster the growth of sleeping aids market in the Asia Pacific region. This research report analyzes this market on the basis of its market segments, major geographies, and current market trends. Geographies analyzed under this research report include North America Asia Pacific Europe Middle East and Africa Latin America This report provides comprehensive analysis of Market growth drivers Factors limiting market growth Current market trends Market structure Market projections for upcoming years This report is a complete study of current trends in the market, industry growth drivers, and restraints. It provides market projections for the coming years. It includes analysis of recent developments in technology, Porter’s five force model analysis and detailed profiles of top industry players. The report also includes a review of micro and macro factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants along with detailed value chain analysis. Reasons for Buying this Report This report provides pin-point analysis for changing competitive dynamics It provides a forward looking perspective on different factors driving or restraining market growth It provides a six-year forecast assessed on the basis of how the market is predicted to grow It helps in understanding the key product segments and their future It provides pin point analysis of changing competition dynamics and keeps you ahead of competitors It helps in making informed business decisions by having complete insights of market and by making in-depth analysis of market segments It provides distinctive graphics and exemplified SWOT analysis of major market segments About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Small Bone and Joint Orthopedic Devices Market: Technologies, Markets and Players Next PostNext Microfluidics Market: Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis Search Recent Posts test for video issue Epson Presents New Ultra-Bright Home Cinema 1450 3LCD Projector for Big-Screen Entertaining Epson Demonstrating Color Label Printing Solutions at Craft Brewers Conference & Brewexpo America Annual General Meeting of AB Volvo Taking The Lead – In-Gauge of Polk County Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by Military News Sensitech explores how real-time data collection ensures valuable decision making within the supply chain (1888PressRelease) April 06, 2017 – Sensitech, major key players in the global supply chain process management solutions market, has joined the speaker line-up for SMi Group’s 11th Pharmaceutical Logistics conference. Senior Manager Strategic Marketing for Life Sciences EMEA Olivier Simonnot will be presenting a keynote evaluating the collection of data in real-time, as well as best practices associated with its value for decision making at the shipment and at the strategic levels. The presentation will benefit attendees to address problems at the shipment level before they escalate and to understand where to focus resources to increase carrier performance while reducing costs. Mr Simmonot will also provide strategies on how to strengthen supply chain visibility as well as to implement geo-fences, red zones, and driver tracking to ensure that SOPs are being followed. He joins a lineup of seasoned experts Exelcius, Seer Pharma, Johnson and Johnson, Merck, Sharpe and Dohme, GlaxoSmithKline, Eli Lilly, Sanofi, IATA, AstraZeneca, ASC Associates, TEDAC, Turkish Cargo, GS1, TAPA, GIRP and more. The full roster of the speakers as well as their presentations can be viewed at www.pharmaceutical-logistics.com/1888 The 11th Pharmaceutical Logistics Event will also provide in-depth discussions on the demands of temperature regulation, warehousing and supply chain efficacy, innovation within clinical trial logistics, and regulatory considerations within the pharmaceutical industry. More information can be found on the event website. Pharmaceutical Logistics Conference 11th Annual Conference: 18th & 19th May Copthorne Tara Hotel, London, UK www.pharmaceutical-logistics.com/1888 Contact Information: For sponsorship and exhibition queries please contact Alia Malick at amalick ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk dot For delegate queries please contact Fateja Begum at fbegum ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk dot For media queries please contact Honey de Gracia at hdegracia ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk dot About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk ### TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Patient Advocacy Leaders to Gather and Discuss Industry Challenges and Solutions Next PostNext NC Investment Advisor Cited by Social Science Research Network in Top 10% of Article Downloads in March of 2017 Search Recent Posts Highly Sought After 212 Area Code Business Phone Numbers Available For Commercial Use, Courtesy Of TieTechnology Global Fibre Optic Test Equipment Market to Register Substantial Expansion by 2026 Air Liquide signe un contrat à long terme avec un important groupe pétrolier à Oman Air Liquide Signs a Long Term Contract with Major Petroleum Group in Oman Titanium Di-Oxide For Food Application Market Opportunities and Forecast Assessment, 2016 – 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Pediatric Vaccines Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Pediatric Vaccines market is estimated at $XX million in 2015 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of XX% to reach $XX million by 2022. Rising government and non-government financial support for development of vaccine is the major driver for the pediatric vaccine market. Increasing innovative technologies such as therapeutic and adjuvant vaccines are anticipated to fuel the pediatric vaccine market during the forecast period. Moreover, increasing expenditure of vaccines, little accessibility to remote areas and strict regulation for approval of vaccines are some of the factors hampering the global pediatric vaccine market. Infectious diseases segment is expected to grow at a faster rate during the forecast period. North America dominates the global market for pediatric vaccines followed by Europe. Moreover, the Asia Pacific is likely to report the highest CAGR during the forecast period, driven by the high birth rate in China and India. Some of the key players in the market include Johnson and Johnson, Abbott Laboratories, Baxter International, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi S.A, Novo Nordisk A/S, Bharat Biotech International Limited, Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Genentech, Inc., Shire Pharmaceuticals Group Plc, Merck & Co. Inc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Amgen Inc., Novartis AG and Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pediatric-vaccines-market Diseases type Covered: • Cancer and allergy • Infectious disease o Pneumococcal disease o Influenza o Diphtheria o Rotavirus o Tetanus o Haemophilus Influenzae type b (Hib) o Meningococcal o Hepatitis A o Hepatitis B o Rubella o Mumps o Measles o Pertussis o Varicella (chickenpox) o Polio Products Covered: • Anti-infective drugs • Pediatric hormones • Allergy & respiratory drugs • CNS drugs Vaccines type Covered: • Synthetic vaccines • Conjugate vaccines • Live attenuated vaccines • Dendritic cells vaccines • Toxoid vaccines • Recombinant vector vaccines • Subunit vaccines • Inactivated vaccines Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pediatric-vaccines-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Audio Module Market 2021: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Next PostNext Global Data Center Automation Market By Solution Types, Service, Operating Environment, End users, Geography, Trends and Forecast to 2022 Posted on 6 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Pediatric Vaccines Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Pediatric Vaccines market is estimated at $XX million in 2015 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of XX% to reach $XX million by 2022. Rising government and non-government financial support for development of vaccine is the major driver for the pediatric vaccine market. Increasing innovative technologies such as therapeutic and adjuvant vaccines are anticipated to fuel the pediatric vaccine market during the forecast period. Moreover, increasing expenditure of vaccines, little accessibility to remote areas and strict regulation for approval of vaccines are some of the factors hampering the global pediatric vaccine market. Infectious diseases segment is expected to grow at a faster rate during the forecast period. North America dominates the global market for pediatric vaccines followed by Europe. Moreover, the Asia Pacific is likely to report the highest CAGR during the forecast period, driven by the high birth rate in China and India. Some of the key players in the market include Johnson and Johnson, Abbott Laboratories, Baxter International, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi S.A, Novo Nordisk A/S, Bharat Biotech International Limited, Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Genentech, Inc., Shire Pharmaceuticals Group Plc, Merck & Co. Inc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Amgen Inc., Novartis AG and Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pediatric-vaccines-market Diseases type Covered: • Cancer and allergy • Infectious disease o Pneumococcal disease o Influenza o Diphtheria o Rotavirus o Tetanus o Haemophilus Influenzae type b (Hib) o Meningococcal o Hepatitis A o Hepatitis B o Rubella o Mumps o Measles o Pertussis o Varicella (chickenpox) o Polio Products Covered: • Anti-infective drugs • Pediatric hormones • Allergy & respiratory drugs • CNS drugs Vaccines type Covered: • Synthetic vaccines • Conjugate vaccines • Live attenuated vaccines • Dendritic cells vaccines • Toxoid vaccines • Recombinant vector vaccines • Subunit vaccines • Inactivated vaccines Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pediatric-vaccines-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Audio Module Market 2021: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Next PostNext Global Data Center Automation Market By Solution Types, Service, Operating Environment, End users, Geography, Trends and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Trending Report of Network Storage Systems Market – Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Competitive Landscape 2021 Radio Modem Market advancing the growth Worldwide: Market dynamics, trends, efficiencies Forecast 2021 Global Pertussis Market Analysis, Share and Forecast by 2022 – Market Research Report CAPTURE HIGH-QUALITY MEMORIES WITH THE NEW CANON POWERSHOT SX730 HS DIGITAL CAMERA UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL: CANON ANNOUNCES NEW EF-S 35MM F/2.8 MACRO IS STM LENS Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Remicade Biosimilar Market Forecast Research Reports Offers Key Insights About the drug and drug class: Biosimilar can be defined as a type of biological product that is highly similar to an already FDA approved drug, known as reference biological product. Biosimilars are drugs licensed by U.S. FDA and European Medicine Agency (EMA) and reflect no clinical and meaningful differences from the reference products in terms of safety, purity, efficacy and effectiveness. These biosimilar drugs can only be approved for the indications and conditions that have been previously approved for the reference product by big regulatory agencies. Remicade (infliximab) is a monoclonal antibody originally produced by Janssen Biotech Inc., and Merck & Co. (MSD) in partnership and licensed by the U.S. FDA in 1998. It is used in the treatment of Crohn’s disease in both adult and pediatric patients. Additionally it is also used for treatment of active ulcerative colitis, moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methroxate, spinal and active psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis. The U.S. FDA has approved a biosimilar drug similar to Remicade, named Inflectra, on 05 April, 2016, which is expected to erode the market share of Remicade due to lower competitive pricing. Inflectra (infliximab dyyb) is sold in the European market, after receiving an approval from the EMA’s CHMP in June, 2013 under the brand name Remsima (developed by South Korea’s Celltrion Healthcare and marketed by Pfizer’s Hospira). The drug Remsima is sold at a discount of 30% than that of original Remicade in 11 European markets including UK, France, Germany and Italy. Another Japanese company, Nippon Kayaku launched Infliximab BS in Japan on 28 November 2014 – however, the Japanese license only covers Crohn’s disease, rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis indications. The U.S. FDA has now launched Remicade’s biosimilar Inflectra, which is only the second biosimilar drug to be approved by the agency. Request Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1413 Drivers and Restraints: Drivers for the Remicade biosimilar include rising incidence of autoimmune diseases particularly rheumatoid arthritis and plaque psoriasis, early patent expiry of the branded version, discounted pricing across the European market and faster reaction times due to intravenous mode of administration. Further, entry of biosimilar version could provide financial relief on healthcare systems and improve patient’s accessibility to essential medication. Barriers of the Remicade biosimilar include serious side effects associated with the use of drug that could lead to hospitalization or even be fatal. These include tuberculosis, bacterial sepsis, invasive fungal infections (such as histoplasmosis) and others. As such, manufacturer of the drug has been mandated to include a “Boxed Warning” to alert both healthcare professionals and patients. Further, complex nature of the molecule and lack of FDA approved facilities for manufacturing the drug are factors that could restrain the growth of the drug’s market in developing regions. Visit For TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1413 Market Segmentation: The Remicade (infliximab) biosimilar market is segmented based on approved disease indications and regions. By Disease Indication Crohn’s disease Rheumatoid arthritis Ankylosing spondylitis Psoriatic arthritis Ulcerative Colitis Plaque psoriasis By Regions North America Western Europe Eastern Europe Asia Pacific excluding Japan Japan Latin America MEA Market Overview: Early loss of patent exclusivity is one the major factors that could fuel attractive market growth of the Remicade biosimilar over the forthcoming years. Rising prevalence of relevant autoimmune disorders coupled with discounted pricing of the Remicade biosimilar in European markets are factors expected to contribute to increased referral and consumption of the drug. Development of faster approval procedures and proper U.S. FDA approved manufacturing facilities in the regional nodal countries are factors that contribute to increased drug uptake. Further, distinct naming and transparent labeling to ensure correct prescribing and dispensing and enhanced post-marketing surveillance are factors that could contribute largely towards prescriber confidence, and enhanced market uptake of the drug over the coming years. However, safety issues concerning manufacturing facilities along with potential side effects of drug consumption could hamper for acceptance of infliximab biosimilar over the long run. Remicade Biosimilar Market: Region- wise Outlook: Depending on geographic regions, global Remicade biosimilar market is segmented into seven key regions: North America, South America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia Pacific excluding Japan, Japan and Middle East & Africa. In terms of geography, Europe dominates the Remicade biosimilar market, followed by Japan and Latin America. The prime reason for the same is the launch of the biosimilar version soon after the patent expiry of the branded version. However, systematic and faster drug review process is expected to create revenue traction in markets over North America and other regions. Stringent regulatory approval procedures and streamlined manufacturing guidelines, particularly in the Central and South American nations, could lead to development of effective regional manufacturing and distribution strategies for Remicade biosimilars. Finally, rising government support for development of biosimilar drugs and low switching tendency from physicians secure the future market growth of the biosimilar in the near term. Remicade Biosimilar Market: Key Players: Some of the key market players in Remicade (infliximab – mAb) market are Janssen Biotech Inc., Merck &Co., Pfizer Inc. (AC. Hospira), Celltrion Inc., Alvogen, Napp Pharmaceuticals, and Nippon Kayaku. TagsGoogle News, Remicade Biosimilar Market, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hazardous Location Thermostats Market Size, Status, Share and Technology Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext GeckoSystems Intl. Corp. (GOSY: OTC Pink Current) | GeckoSystems, an AI Robotics Co., Initiates Tech Transfer to Premier Chinese Robot Co. Search Recent Posts Veterinary Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Global Avocado Oil Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Current and Projected Diagnostic Imaging Services Market size in terms of volume and value 2016-2026 Zavante Therapeutics’ ZOLYD™ Met Primary Endpoint In Pivotal ZEUS Study For Treatment Of Complicated Urinary Tract Infections Safety I or O Modules Market Analysis and Forecast 2017-2022 Segmented by Application Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by Military News Anti-Viral Drugs Market Worth to cross USD 62.67 Billion at CAGR of 6.9% by 2022 Market Research Future Anti-Viral Drugs Market Analysis by Application (Hepatitis, HIV/AIDS, Herpes) and Mechanism of Action (Nucleotide Polymerase Inhibitors) – Forecast to 2022 Major Key Players are Merck & Co. Inc., Gilead Sciences Inc., Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Abbott Laboratories, Novartis International AG” — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, April 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Overview: Anti-Viral Drugs are used to treat viral infections and are the only agents acting against viruses as either other drugs are ineffective or too toxic. The market segment of anti-viral drugs is driven by factors such as rise in healthcare expenditure, growing research and development investment, emergence of virus life-threatening diseases like bird flu, strong development pipeline and increasing incidence rates of viral infections particularly HIV. WHO has estimated that in 2015 about 36.7 million people are suffering from HIV/AIDS with 1.1 million deaths occurring due to AIDS-related illness the emergence of donor funding in the treatment of the disease has also increased the demands of anti-viral drug market. Strong research pipeline coupled with rise in research and development investment will be the market driver of the future. The constraints on the market include side effects associated with treatment, the cost of the therapy and poor efficacy and effectiveness of the drugs.The Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market has been evaluated as a growing market and it is expected that the market will touch high growth figures in future. The global anti-viral drugs market is expected to grow with CAGR of ~6.9% during the forecast period. There has been consolidation of the market as a few players have come to dominate the market due to acquisitions and mergers. Sample Copy of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2454 Key Players: The major participants of this market are: Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co. Inc., Gilead Sciences Inc., Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Abbott Laboratories, Novartis International AG, AstraZeneca AB, Cipla Inc. and others. Regional Analysis: Depending on geographic region, anti-viral drugs market is segmented into four key regions: America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. Globally, America is the largest market for anti-viral drugs with Europe tied for the second space. Asia Pacific region is expected to be fastest growing region in anti-viral drugs market. Access the market data and market information presented through more than 25 market data tables and 25 figures spread over 84 numbers of pages of the project report “Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market – Forecast to 2022” Market Segmentation: Global anti-viral drugs market has been segmented on the basis of on the basis of application, which comprises hepatitis, HIV/AIDS, herpes, influenza and others. On the basis of mechanism of action; market is segmented into nucleotide polymerase inhibitors, reverse transcriptase inhibitors, protease inhibitors and others. Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/anti-viral-drugs-market-2454 Intended Audience • Anti-viral drugs Manufacturers • Anti-viral drugs Suppliers • Private Research Laboratories • Research and Development (R&D) Companies • Market Research and Consulting Service Providers • Government Research Laboratories • Contract Manufacturing Organizations List of Tables Table 1 Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) Table 2 Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market, By Application, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) Table 3 Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market, By Mechanism of Action, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) Continued….. About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 10 UAE locals to compete among others for 2 IFBB Pro Cards Next PostNext Educational benefits celebrated at the NSW DoE Oliver v5 roll out completion event Search Recent Posts Des laboratoires d’idées et des ONG de consolidation de la paix se réunissent à Tokyo et mettent l’accent sur les possibilités pour résoudre les conflits et la fragilité dans le monde Drive-through Signage to be Regulated Under New Council Bill Grassroots Coalition Prevails in Settlement Agreement, Supporting the California Coastal Commission’s Findings That Playa Capital’s Unpermitted Water Drainage Devices Are Destructive to Ballona Wetlands Ecological Reserve in Los Angeles Severe Thunderstorm Potential Moves into the Mid-Atlantic; Wet and Windy Weather Out West Spark and Skinny to launch ‘Freedom’ mobile plans Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Anti-Viral Drugs Market is Estimated to Grow at a CAGR over 6.9% by 2022 Market Overview: Anti-Viral Drugs are used to treat viral infections and are the only agents acting against viruses as either other drugs are ineffective or too toxic. The market segment of anti-viral drugs is driven by factors such as rise in healthcare expenditure, growing research and development investment, emergence of virus life-threatening diseases like bird flu, strong development pipeline and increasing incidence rates of viral infections particularly HIV. WHO has estimated that in 2015 about 36.7 million people are suffering from HIV/AIDS with 1.1 million deaths occurring due to AIDS-related illness the emergence of donor funding in the treatment of the disease has also increased the demands of anti-viral drug market. Strong research pipeline coupled with rise in research and development investment will be the market driver of the future. The constraints on the market include side effects associated with treatment, the cost of the therapy and poor efficacy and effectiveness of the drugs. Sample Copy of Report @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2454 Key Players: The major participants of this market are: Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co. Inc., Gilead Sciences Inc., Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Abbott Laboratories, Novartis International AG, AstraZeneca AB, Cipla Inc. and others. Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market: The Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market has been evaluated as a growing market and it is expected that the market will touch high growth figures in future. The global anti-viral drugs market is expected to grow with CAGR of ~6.9% during the forecast period. There has been consolidation of the market as a few players have come to dominate the market due to acquisitions and mergers. Regional Analysis: Depending on geographic region, anti-viral drugs market is segmented into four key regions: America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. Globally, America is the largest market for anti-viral drugs with Europe tied for the second space. Asia Pacific region is expected to be fastest growing region in anti-viral drugs market. Access the market data and market information presented through more than 25 market data tables and 25 figures spread over 84 numbers of pages of the project report “Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market – Forecast to 2022” Market Segmentation: Global anti-viral drugs market has been segmented on the basis of on the basis of application, which comprises hepatitis, HIV/AIDS, herpes, influenza and others. On the basis of mechanism of action; market is segmented into nucleotide polymerase inhibitors, reverse transcriptase inhibitors, protease inhibitors and others. Access Report Details @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/anti-viral-drugs-mar… Intended Audience • Anti-viral drugs Manufacturers • Anti-viral drugs Suppliers • Private Research Laboratories • Research and Development (R&D) Companies • Market Research and Consulting Service Providers • Government Research Laboratories • Contract Manufacturing Organizations List of Tables Table 1 Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) Table 2 Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market, By Application, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) Table 3 Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market, By Mechanism of Action, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) Continued….. About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Contact Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Use Of MiMedx Allografts From The Company’s Multiple Product Families To Be Presented At SAWC Conference Next PostNext Cancer Stem Cell Therapy Market by Application, Consumption, Market Share, Growth Opportunities, Regions & Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts How PR pros can reach journalists Retail E-commerce Packaging Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2016 – 2022 Canadian Utilities Limited to Release First Quarter Results Wednesday, April 26, 2017 AccuFast II Laser-Based Seam Finder Improves Weld Quality, Reduces Cycle Times IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – LXE Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market Global Industry Volume by Region 2016 – 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/05/2017 — Several market players are collaborating with local and well-established companies and research facilities to strengthen their position. Transparency Market Research has observed that companies will continue to partner in order to reduce the high cost involved in the production of monoclonal antibodies, investments in research and development, and need for trained staff. Some of the leading players operating in the demanding global market are Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Novartis AG, and AbbVie Inc. The extensive research report by Transparency Market Research states that the global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market will be worth US$245.8 bn by 2024 from US$86.7 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 12.6%. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/monoclonal-antibody-therapeutics-market.html Access to Affordable Healthcare across North America Amplifies Demand for Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Monoclonal antibody therapeutics are used for treating cancer, autoimmune diseases, infection, ophthalmological diseases, and hematological diseases among others. Of these, the autoimmune diseases segment is projected to rise at a phenomenal pace during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of autoimmune diseases that affect the overall population has triggered a significant demand for these therapeutics. All throughout the forecast period of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 13.5%. In terms of geography, the global market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. Regionally, North America is expected to dominate the global market due to growing healthcare facilities across the region. Furthermore, affordable healthcare available to patients has also augmented the demand for monoclonal antibody therapeutics across North America during the forecast period. By the end of 2024, the North America monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to acquire a share of 37.9% in the global market. Approvals and Commercialization of New Products Ups Sales The global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to grow at a remarkable pace due to the high incidence of chronic diseases like cancer. The growing health concerns and the increasing diagnoses of cancer in various stages as boosted the demand for these therapeutics in recent years. The latest research by the World Health Organization predicts that the world will witness a 70% spike in the overall cancer cases, of which 60% of the cases will be attributable to Latin America, Asia, and Africa. The incremental approvals in monoclonal antibody products across Europe and the U.S. have also contributed to soaring revenue of the global market. The report by TMR suggests that about five to six monoclonal antibodies are approved each year in these regions. Out of the 60 monoclonal antibodies approved in Europe in 2015, 48 have hit the market. Thus, the widening product portfolio that comes in a broad price range has also played a key role in encouraging the uptake of monoclonal antibody therapeutics. High Cost of Production Dissuades Market Growth Though the market is estimated to have a bright potential, it is likely to be shadowed by a few restraints. The increasing production of biosimilars that are also used for treating various chronic conditions and autoimmune diseases are expected to eat into the market share of monoclonal antibody therapeutics market. Furthermore, the patent cliff of several products is also likely to have a negative impact on the overall earnings of the global market. The market is also anticipated to face a tough challenge due to the high cost of monoclonal antibodies as their production is exceptionally time-consuming and demands strict adherence to rules and regulations. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=18209 About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR Syndicated Research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports thrive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: https://tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Durable Medical Equipment (DME) Market : Popular Trends & Technological Advancements to Watch out for Near Future Next PostNext Municipal Castings Market Outlook 2022: Top Companies, Trends and Future Prospects Details for Business Development Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market Global Industry Volume by Region 2016 – 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/05/2017 — Several market players are collaborating with local and well-established companies and research facilities to strengthen their position. Transparency Market Research has observed that companies will continue to partner in order to reduce the high cost involved in the production of monoclonal antibodies, investments in research and development, and need for trained staff. Some of the leading players operating in the demanding global market are Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Novartis AG, and AbbVie Inc. The extensive research report by Transparency Market Research states that the global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market will be worth US$245.8 bn by 2024 from US$86.7 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 12.6%. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/monoclonal-antibody-therapeutics-market.html Access to Affordable Healthcare across North America Amplifies Demand for Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Monoclonal antibody therapeutics are used for treating cancer, autoimmune diseases, infection, ophthalmological diseases, and hematological diseases among others. Of these, the autoimmune diseases segment is projected to rise at a phenomenal pace during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of autoimmune diseases that affect the overall population has triggered a significant demand for these therapeutics. All throughout the forecast period of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 13.5%. In terms of geography, the global market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. Regionally, North America is expected to dominate the global market due to growing healthcare facilities across the region. Furthermore, affordable healthcare available to patients has also augmented the demand for monoclonal antibody therapeutics across North America during the forecast period. By the end of 2024, the North America monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to acquire a share of 37.9% in the global market. Approvals and Commercialization of New Products Ups Sales The global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to grow at a remarkable pace due to the high incidence of chronic diseases like cancer. The growing health concerns and the increasing diagnoses of cancer in various stages as boosted the demand for these therapeutics in recent years. The latest research by the World Health Organization predicts that the world will witness a 70% spike in the overall cancer cases, of which 60% of the cases will be attributable to Latin America, Asia, and Africa. The incremental approvals in monoclonal antibody products across Europe and the U.S. have also contributed to soaring revenue of the global market. The report by TMR suggests that about five to six monoclonal antibodies are approved each year in these regions. Out of the 60 monoclonal antibodies approved in Europe in 2015, 48 have hit the market. Thus, the widening product portfolio that comes in a broad price range has also played a key role in encouraging the uptake of monoclonal antibody therapeutics. High Cost of Production Dissuades Market Growth Though the market is estimated to have a bright potential, it is likely to be shadowed by a few restraints. The increasing production of biosimilars that are also used for treating various chronic conditions and autoimmune diseases are expected to eat into the market share of monoclonal antibody therapeutics market. Furthermore, the patent cliff of several products is also likely to have a negative impact on the overall earnings of the global market. The market is also anticipated to face a tough challenge due to the high cost of monoclonal antibodies as their production is exceptionally time-consuming and demands strict adherence to rules and regulations. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=18209 About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR Syndicated Research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports thrive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: https://tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Durable Medical Equipment (DME) Market : Popular Trends & Technological Advancements to Watch out for Near Future Next PostNext Municipal Castings Market Outlook 2022: Top Companies, Trends and Future Prospects Details for Business Development Search Recent Posts Remarks by Federica Mogherini at the joint press conference of the Brussels Conference ‘Supporting the Future of Syria and the Remarks by Federica Mogherini at the joint press conference of the Brussels Conference ‘Supporting the Future of Syria and the Remarks by Federica Mogherini at a joint press point with the German Minister for Foreign Affairs Sigmar Gabriel on the Remarks by Federica Mogherini at a joint press point with the German Minister for Foreign Affairs Sigmar Gabriel on the Southside Bank Announces Upcoming Rebrand Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market 2017: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, Forecast to 2022 Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market 2017 In this report, the global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request For Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1150719-global-breath-actuated-pressurized-inhaler-market-research-report-2017 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Novartis International AG Propeller Health AstraZeneca Plc Philips Respironics Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Opko Health Merck BioCare Group On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Single-dose Inhalers Multi-dose Inhalers On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler for each application, including Hospitals Ambulatory Surgery Centres Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1150719-global-breath-actuated-pressurized-inhaler-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents          Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Research Report 2017 1 Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler 1.2 Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Single-dose Inhalers 1.2.4 Multi-dose Inhalers 1.2.4 Type II 1.2.4 Type II 1.3 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Segment by Application 1.3.1 Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Hospitals 1.3.3 Ambulatory Surgery Centres 1.4 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) Continued……. Buy This Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1150719 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)   CategoriesUncategorized TagsBreath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler, Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Analysis, Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Industry, Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market, Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Segmentation, Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Share, Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Size, Google News, medical devices, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Big Data Market to 2021: Report on Top Company Players, Industry Insights and Market Overview in Europe Next PostNext Northern Seminary Announces Expansion Plan To Transform Theological Education Search Recent Posts TFC Financial Management Announces Next Generation of Leadership Shareholder Files Early Warning Report in Parkit Enterprise Inc. Future Farm Technologies Inc. (FFRMF: OTCQB) | Future Farm CEO Update to Shareholders AusTex Oil Limited (ATXDY: OTCQX International) | Director Resignation JBS S.A. (JBSAY: OTCQX International Premier) | Lifshitz &amp; Miller LLP Announces Investigation of Chicago Bridge &amp; Iron Company N.V., JBS S.A., Tempur Sealy International, Inc., The Rubicon Project, Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, U.S. Concrete, Inc. and Wins Finance Holdings Inc. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Wed, Apr 05 2017. 10 23 PM IST Supreme Court refers parliamentary panel report issue to Constitution bench A Supreme Court bench said in an oral observation said the courts cannot act based on a parliamentary report alone Subscribe to our newsletter. Apurva Vishwanath The 2012 public interest litigation had sought quashing of licences granted to the pharma companies. Photo: Mint New Delhi: A Constitution bench of the Supreme Court will now decide whether the courts can rely on a parliamentary standing committee report during judicial proceedings. The issue came up before the court in a public interest litigation (PIL) concerning alleged irregularities in clinical trials conducted for cervical cancer prevention vaccines. The 89th parliamentary standing committee report on health and family welfare in 2013 had found irregularities in clinical trials conducted for two vaccines—Gardasil and Cervarix, manufactured by Merck Sharp and Dohme and GaxoSmithKline Plc. A bench comprising justices Dipak Misra and Rohinton F. Nariman in an oral observation said the courts cannot act based on a parliamentary report alone. “We could be crossing a line on the federal structure if we do so,” the court said. ALSO READ: New guidelines for regulating NGOs formulated: Centre tells SC Senior advocate Harish Salve, appearing for one of the pharma companies had objected to placing the report on record. He had argued that parliament enjoys a certain privilege and is immune to judicial scrutiny. Programme for Appropriate Technology in Health (PATH), an international non-profit collaborated with the Indian Council of Medical Research, Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and state governments of Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat, delivered and administered HPV vaccines to minor girls aged between 10 and 14 years. The project had received donations from the pharma companies, according to the parliamentary report. Irregularities in obtaining proper consent for the trial and lacking in follow-ups for adverse effects were also recorded by the committee, comprised of parliamentarians of all political parties. The 2012 public interest litigation had sought quashing of licences granted to the pharma companies. Apurva Vishwanath Topics: Supreme Court parliamentary standing committee report Constitution bench cervical cancer prevention vaccines clinical trials More From Livemint READ MORE Lawyers in Donald Trump’s travel ban case seek emails, subpoenas The movement of ideas Twitter creates ‘lite’ version for data-starved users First Published: Wed, Apr 05 2017. 10 23 PM IST Editor's Picks Flipkart set to raise up to $1.5 billion amid talks to buy Snapdeal Going overboard with cow protection What does Gorakhpur tell us about Yogi Adityanath’s development record? Latest News Lawyers in Donald Trump’s travel ban case seek emails, subpoenas The movement of ideas Twitter creates ‘lite’ version for data-starved users Services PMI rises for second straight month in March, reaches 5-month high Zomato says revenue up 80% to $49 million in FY17 Mint On Sunday Forget Matt Damon, The Great Wall is about China’s quest for global dominance The search for god through the eyes of a child How a famine happens: The tale of South Sudan The thin line between greatness and madness Letter from... Baselworld Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Expert Tells House Committee: „Healthcare Cybersecurity is Worse Than Reported” TENAFLY, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–„Cybersecurity in the healthcare industry is far worse than what is reported,” the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce learned yesterday from Terence M. Rice, Vice President and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) at Merck & Co., Inc. Solving the problem will require public-private collaboration and transparency. Citing that the 2016 IBM Cyber Security Intelligence Index named the healthcare industry as the single most attacked industry, Rice explained reasons that media reports underrepresent the risk faced by industry. They include organizational concerns about reputational damage; the presence of smaller businesses whose limited resources allow them to deal only with basic cybersecurity issues; increased security risk due to the portability of healthcare information; and increased opportunities for attack due to the proliferation of software in the healthcare ecosystem. His testimony identified existing initiatives that are the foundation for greater healthcare cybersecurity. These include: The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Sector Coordinating Council, which regularly discusses cybersecurity developments. NH-ISAC, a coalition of 200+ companies proactively sharing actionable intelligence and collaborating on ways to more effectively secure “big data” within the healthcare industry. SAFE-BioPharma Association, a coalition of pharmaceutical companies which, in collaboration with FDA, National Institute for Standards and Technology (NIST), General Services Administration (GSA), and regulators in the European Union and Japan, developed a digital identity and digital signature standard assuring integrity, identity trust, and non-repudiation of digitally signed documents. A new version of the SAFE-BioPharma identity standard creates a trusted identity ecosystem that will allow the healthcare sector to meet levels of security based on NIST and GSA standards. Among the areas of opportunity he recommended to enhance greater partnership and collaboration are: HHS appointment of a Healthcare Sector Cybersecurity Liaison to the private sector. A more thorough and detailed appendix added to the existing Healthcare and Public Health Sector Specific Plan. It will help public and private sector entities develop their own cybersecurity incident response plans. Increase the quality of cybersecurity intelligence and the speed with which it is shared. Smaller and more frequent HHS Cybersecurity Table Top Exercises and Simulations to include a broader array of healthcare firms. Implement a digital healthcare identity based on an existing and proven government and private sector standard. Government agencies and larger healthcare firms should build out the healthcare identity ecosystem by implementing existing healthcare digital identity standards. Such an ecosystem would not only significantly improve cybersecurity, but streamline business processes and rationalize the current fragmented, redundant identity trust issue in healthcare HHS, NIST and private sector need to produce a set of guidelines for the implementation of the NIST Cybersecurity Framework within healthcare entities. HHS and private sector should engage with peers in other countries to ensure adoption of common cybersecurity standards and to identify ways to share threat intelligence more broadly across borders. Recruit departing military personnel to fill the estimated 200,000 open U.S. cybersecurity positions. HHS, DHS, and other sector specific agencies can work with private industry to identify critical cybersecurity roles within the private sector and fill them with qualified departing military personnel. Terence Rice has been involved in healthcare cybersecurity for more than fifteen years. In addition to his role as Vice President and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) at Merck & Co., Inc., Mr. Rice participates in a number of public-private partnerships working to improve cybersecurity across the healthcare sector. These include SAFE-BioPharma Association, where he is Chairman of the Board; National Health-Information Sharing and Analysis Center (NH-ISAC), where he serves on the Board of Directors; the Healthcare Sector Coordinating Council (SCC); and the Healthcare Industry Cybersecurity Task Force, the latter of which was created by the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015. To read Mr. Rice’s entire testimony click here. TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Molecular Biology Enzymes Market Outlook – Latest Development and Market Trends 2017-2021 Next PostNext A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Scotia Insurance (Barbados) Limited Search Recent Posts Storage Area Network Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Résultats annuels 2016 : BIOCORP poursuit sa dynamique de développement et d’innovation avec l’avancement de ses projets R&D et la réalisation de belles avancées commerciales Annual Results 2016: BIOCORP Keeps Its Development and Innovation Momentum, Combining R&D Advances with Commercial Successes DLX, WHITE and DENTSU Jointly Develop „Micro VR Kit”, One of the World’s Smallest Smartphone VR Goggles DLX, WHITE en DENTSU ontwikkelen gezamenlijk „Micro VR Kit”, een van ‘s werelds kleinste VR-brillen voor smartphones Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,648 -41.09 -0.20% Nasdaq 5,864 -34.13 -0.58% S&P 500 2,353 -7.21 -0.31% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.6% lower at 12,151.45 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.6% lower at 5,061.45 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.8% lower at 7,273.74 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.6% lower at 377.79 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Why cheaper index funds translate into lower future returns 2:59 A.M. ET Updated Why investors are fretting over the Trump-Xi meeting 2:43 A.M. ET Unilever to exit spreads, launch €5 bln buyback 2:41 A.M. ET German manufacturing orders bounce back 2:20 A.M. ET Shell agrees gas supply deals in Australia 2:18 A.M. ET Danone gets U.S. court OK for WhiteWave buy 2:17 A.M. ET PPG still eyeing $28 billion Akzo Nobel bid 2:11 A.M. ET India services expansion at 5-month high in March 1:08 A.M. ET China March Caixin Services PMI expands slowly 1:07 A.M. ET Oil prices pull back in step with global market jitters, U.S. supply rise 4/05 Pepper, Banco Popular cancel finance partnership 4/05 Updated The stock market just blew its biggest lead since February 2016 4/05 Nikkei drops to 4-month low as Asian markets pull back 4/05 Updated Panera Bread’s $7.5 billion takeover may trigger a wave of restaurant deals 4/05 Shell starts offloading its New Zealand assets 4/05 Elizabeth Holmes owes Theranos $25 million Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Expert Tells House Committee: "Healthcare Cybersecurity is Worse Than Reported" By Published: Apr 5, 2017 12:45 p.m. ET Share TENAFLY, N.J., Apr 05, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- "Cybersecurity in the healthcare industry is far worse than what is reported," the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce learned yesterday from Terence M. Rice, Vice President and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) at Merck & Co., Inc. Solving the problem will require public-private collaboration and transparency. Citing that the 2016 IBM Cyber Security Intelligence Index named the healthcare industry as the single most attacked industry, Rice explained reasons that media reports underrepresent the risk faced by industry. They include organizational concerns about reputational damage; the presence of smaller businesses whose limited resources allow them to deal only with basic cybersecurity issues; increased security risk due to the portability of healthcare information; and increased opportunities for attack due to the proliferation of software in the healthcare ecosystem. His testimony identified existing initiatives that are the foundation for greater healthcare cybersecurity. These include: The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Sector Coordinating Council, which regularly discusses cybersecurity developments. NH-ISAC, a coalition of 200+ companies proactively sharing actionable intelligence and collaborating on ways to more effectively secure “big data” within the healthcare industry. SAFE-BioPharma Association, a coalition of pharmaceutical companies which, in collaboration with FDA, National Institute for Standards and Technology (NIST), General Services Administration (GSA), and regulators in the European Union and Japan, developed a digital identity and digital signature standard assuring integrity, identity trust, and non-repudiation of digitally signed documents. A new version of the SAFE-BioPharma identity standard creates a trusted identity ecosystem that will allow the healthcare sector to meet levels of security based on NIST and GSA standards. Among the areas of opportunity he recommended to enhance greater partnership and collaboration are: HHS appointment of a Healthcare Sector Cybersecurity Liaison to the private sector. A more thorough and detailed appendix added to the existing Healthcare and Public Health Sector Specific Plan. It will help public and private sector entities develop their own cybersecurity incident response plans. Increase the quality of cybersecurity intelligence and the speed with which it is shared. Smaller and more frequent HHS Cybersecurity Table Top Exercises and Simulations to include a broader array of healthcare firms. Implement a digital healthcare identity based on an existing and proven government and private sector standard. Government agencies and larger healthcare firms should build out the healthcare identity ecosystem by implementing existing healthcare digital identity standards. Such an ecosystem would not only significantly improve cybersecurity, but streamline business processes and rationalize the current fragmented, redundant identity trust issue in healthcare HHS, NIST and private sector need to produce a set of guidelines for the implementation of the NIST Cybersecurity Framework within healthcare entities. HHS and private sector should engage with peers in other countries to ensure adoption of common cybersecurity standards and to identify ways to share threat intelligence more broadly across borders. Recruit departing military personnel to fill the estimated 200,000 open U.S. cybersecurity positions. HHS, DHS, and other sector specific agencies can work with private industry to identify critical cybersecurity roles within the private sector and fill them with qualified departing military personnel. Terence Rice has been involved in healthcare cybersecurity for more than fifteen years. In addition to his role as Vice President and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) at Merck & Co., Inc., Mr. Rice participates in a number of public-private partnerships working to improve cybersecurity across the healthcare sector. These include SAFE-BioPharma Association, where he is Chairman of the Board; National Health-Information Sharing and Analysis Center (NH-ISAC), where he serves on the Board of Directors; the Healthcare Sector Coordinating Council (SCC); and the Healthcare Industry Cybersecurity Task Force, the latter of which was created by the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015. To read Mr. Rice's entire testimony click here. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170405006088/en/ SOURCE: SAFE-BioPharma Association"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@SAFE_BioPharma SAFE-BioPharma Association Jon Weisberg, 801-359-9977 jweisberg@safe-biopharma.org cell: 801-860-9977 Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular The stock market just blew its biggest lead since February 2016 Payless ShoeSource bankruptcy is the latest blow for retail bondholders Stocks swing to lower close after Fed releases March minutes Think you want to retire early? Ask yourself these 10 questions first Here's how drones will change the future of warfare MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Global Veterinary Vaccine Market Size Analysis by Live Attenuated, Inactivated and DNA Vaccines Type 2017 Global Veterinary Vaccine Market 2017 report spread across 119 pages gives Market Segment Analysis by Key Manufacturers, Countries, Types and Applications. Vaccines are products designed to trigger protective immune responses and prepare the immune system to fight future infections from disease-causing agents. Vaccines stimulate the immune systems production of antibodies that identify and destroy disease-causing organisms that enter the body. Vaccines provide immunity against one or several diseases that can lessen the severity or prevent certain diseases altogether. Complete report is available at www.reportsnreports.com/reports/926008-global-veterinary-…. Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Global Veterinary Vaccine market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers: Merck, Merial, Boehringer Ingelheim, Zoetis, Virbac, Ceva, Elanco/Eli Lilly, Sindh Poultry Vaccine Centre, Bio-Labs, Vaksindo Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers: North America (USA, Canada and Mexico); Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy); Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia); South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.); Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers: Live Attenuated Vaccines, Inactivated Vaccines, DNA Vaccines, Other Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into: Livestock, Swine, Chicken, Dog, Cat, Other Inquire about report at www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/inquirybeforebuy.aspx?na…. There are 15 Chapters to deeply display the global Veterinary Vaccine market. Chapter 1 to describe Veterinary Vaccine Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2 to analyze the top manufacturers of Veterinary Vaccine, with sales, revenue, and price of Veterinary Vaccine, in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3 to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4 to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Veterinary Vaccine, for each region, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 to analyze the key regions, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Access copy of report at www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/discount.aspx?name=926008. Chapter 10 and 11 to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 12 Veterinary Vaccine market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 13, 14 and 15 to describe Veterinary Vaccine sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source. ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. Ritesh Tiwari, + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com This release was published on openPR. TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Feminine Hygiene Products Market to Grow at 4.83% CAGR during 2017-2021 Next PostNext Project Portfolio Cyber Security 2017 North America Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 7.32% and Forecast to 2019 Search Recent Posts NZ company profits continue to bolster tax take Peter Thiel interests sell 1.12M Xero shares International Travelers Flock to this Year’s Dujiangyan Water-Releasing Festival in China’s Sichuan Province In Annual Spring Ritual, Water Collected from Around the World Is Poured into China’s Minjiang River First Ever Sound Table Set to Revolutionize the Modern Interior Space Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News United States Alzheimer’s Therapeutic Sales Market Report 2021: Top Players Pfizer Inc, Merck & Co, Biotie Therapies, Eli Lilly, Astra Zeneca ResearchMoz added Latest Research Report titled ” United States Alzheimer’s Therapeutic Sales Market Report 2021 ” to it’s Large Report database. This report studies sales (consumption) of Alzheimer’s Therapeutic in USA market, focuses on the top players, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player, covering Pfizer Inc Novartis International AG Axovant Sciences Ltd Acadia Pharmaceuticals, Inc Biotie Therapies Astra Zeneca plc Eli Lilly, Inc F. Hoffman Le Roche Merck & Co H. Lundbeck A/S Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd Request for Sample PDF of Premium Research Report with TOC: www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=792533 Split by product types, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Memantine Hydrochloride Donepezil Hydrochloride Rivastigmine Galantamine Hydrobromide Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Alzheimer’s Therapeutic in each application, can be divided into Hospitals Clinic Other Read All Healthcare Market Research Reports @ www.researchmoz.us/healthcare-market-reports-56.html Table of Contents 1 Alzheimer’s Therapeutic Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Alzheimer’s Therapeutic 1.2 Classification of Alzheimer’s Therapeutic 1.2.1 Memantine Hydrochloride 1.2.2 Donepezil Hydrochloride 1.2.3 Rivastigmine 1.2.4 Galantamine Hydrobromide 1.3 Applications of Alzheimer’s Therapeutic 1.3.1 Hospitals 1.3.2 Clinic 1.3.3 Other 1.4 USA Market Size (Value and Volume) of Alzheimer’s Therapeutic (2011-2021) 1.4.1 USA Alzheimer’s Therapeutic Sales, Revenue and Price (2011-2021) 1.4.2 USA Alzheimer’s Therapeutic Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 1.4.3 USA Alzheimer’s Therapeutic Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 2 USA Alzheimer’s Therapeutic Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 USA Alzheimer’s Therapeutic Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 USA Alzheimer’s Therapeutic Revenue and Share by Manufactures (2015 and 2016) 3 USA Alzheimer’s Therapeutic (Volume and Value) by Type 3.1 USA Alzheimer’s Therapeutic Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 3.2 USA Alzheimer’s Therapeutic Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 4 USA Alzheimer’s Therapeutic (Volume) by Application About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Ghumare 90 State Street, Albany NY, United States – 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 / Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: bit.ly/1TBmnVG Follow me on Blogger at: healthcare-research-report.blogspot.in/ This release was published on openPR. TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious At a CAGR of 33.24%, Global Automotive Regenerative Braking System Market will grow steadily during the Period 2016-2020 Next PostNext United States Healthcare IT Solutions Market Report 2017 focuses on Sales, Shares, Price, Revenue: Top Players are GE, Cerner, Epic Systems etc. Search Recent Posts Küchenchef Hirochika Midorikawa mit der Auszeichnung „La Coupe d’Or Internationale d’Art Culinaire Marius Dutrey“ geehrt Storage Area Network Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Résultats annuels 2016 : BIOCORP poursuit sa dynamique de développement et d’innovation avec l’avancement de ses projets R&D et la réalisation de belles avancées commerciales Annual Results 2016: BIOCORP Keeps Its Development and Innovation Momentum, Combining R&D Advances with Commercial Successes DLX, WHITE and DENTSU Jointly Develop „Micro VR Kit”, One of the World’s Smallest Smartphone VR Goggles Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Pharmaceutical Logistics * Cold Chain Logistics * Sensitech * More Tags... Industry News * Transportation * More Industries... News By Location * London   England   England * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News April 2017 Th We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr 6 5 4 3 2 1 March 2017 31 Sensitech explores how real-time data collection ensures valuable decision making in supply chain Sensitech joins expert speaker panel at the 11th Pharmaceutical Logistics Event which takes place in London on 18th & 19th May 2017.     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Pharmaceutical Logistics * Cold Chain Logistics * Sensitech Industry: * Transportation Location: * London - England - England Subject: * EventsLONDON, England - April 5, 2017 - PRLog -- Sensitech, major key players in the global supply chain process management solutions market, has joined the speaker line-up for SMi Group's 11th Pharmaceutical Logistics conference. Senior Manager Strategic Marketing for Life Sciences EMEA Olivier Simonnot will be presenting a keynote evaluating the collection of data in real-time, as well as best practices associated with its value for decision making at the shipment and at the strategic levels. The presentation will benefit attendees to address problems at the shipment level before they escalate and to understand where to focus resources to increase carrier performance while reducing costs. Mr Simmonot will also provide strategies on how to strengthen supply chain visibility as well as to implement geo-fences, red zones, and driver tracking to ensure that SOPs are being followed. He joins a lineup of seasoned experts Exelcius, Seer Pharma, Johnson and Johnson, Merck, Sharpe and Dohme, GlaxoSmithKline, Eli Lilly, Sanofi, IATA, AstraZeneca, ASC Associates, TEDAC, Turkish Cargo, GS1, TAPA, GIRP and more. The full roster of the speakers as well as their presentations can be viewed at www.pharmaceutical-logistics.com/prlog. The 11th Pharmaceutical Logistics Event will also provide in-depth discussions on the demands of temperature regulation, warehousing and supply chain efficacy, innovation within clinical trial logistics, and regulatory considerations within the pharmaceutical industry. More information can be found on the event website. Pharmaceutical Logistics Conference 11th Annual Conference: 18th & 19th May Copthorne Tara Hotel, London, UK www.pharmaceutical-logistics.com/prlog ---end --- Contact Information: For sponsorship and exhibition queries please contact Alia Malick at amalick@smi-online.co.uk. For delegate queries please contact Fateja Begum at fbegum@smi-online.co.uk. For media queries please contact Honey de Gracia at hdegracia@smi-online.co.uk. About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world's most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk End Source : SMi Group Email : ***@smi-online.co.uk Posted By : ***@smi-online.co.uk Phone : +442078276000 Tags : Pharmaceutical Logistics, Cold Chain Logistics, Sensitech Industry : Transportation Location : London - England - England Subject : Events Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse SMi Group Ltd. News MHRA & FDA to explore In Vitro Diagnostics regulations in the EU & USA SMi Group Reports: 16 Prominent Updates in Pre-Filled Syringes by Big Pharma and Industry Innovators Q&A Released with Bristol-Myers Squibb in the Run-up to Pharma Freeze Drying Technology 2017 SMi Group: RAF, German Army, French Air Force, Italian Air Force and US Marine Corps talk Close Air Support: Established and emerging technologies United Utilities Q&A released on AMR metering programme update Trending Learn to DayTrade - New Class Date Added April 11, 2017 AFS DSD 1.0 for iOS Allows Users to Master the Art of Delivery New Milestone CMS Feature Returns $20 for Every $1 Spent Dr. Anthony Starpoli performs first Obalon swallowed stomach balloon for weight loss in Manhattan, New York Dr. Anthony Starpoli performs first Obalon swallowed stomach balloon for weight loss in Manhattan, New York Daily News United Premier Soccer League Announces Central Conference Expansion - 561 views Greensbury Hires Ted Hopper as Chief Executive Officer - 281 views Lab Works Service Brings Mobile Healthcare Services to Everyone - 238 views Kevin Burkhart Joins North Highland as Vice President - 228 views May 2nd's NYC Re-tails & Sales Pet Expo is Officially Sold Out With an Exciting Vendor Lineup! - 225 views Weekly News Geokinetics Acquires 2D Seismic Data Utilizing its AquaVib™ Marine Vibrator - 2410 views Rundgren Radio Presenting Todd Rundgren in South Bend, Indiana on June 6 - 2256 views Xompass Partners with Entel, the Leading Telecommunications Company in Chile - 1580 views Legal Analyst and Former Basketball Wives Star Premieres "In The Loop" on Award-Winning Station - 1375 views United Premier Soccer League Announces Utah's Logan United FC as New Member for 2017 - 913 views Daily News United Premier Soccer League Announces Central Conference Expansion - 561 views Greensbury Hires Ted Hopper as Chief Executive Officer - 281 views Lab Works Service Brings Mobile Healthcare Services to Everyone - 238 views Kevin Burkhart Joins North Highland as Vice President - 228 views May 2nd's NYC Re-tails & Sales Pet Expo is Officially Sold Out With an Exciting Vendor Lineup! - 225 views Weekly News Geokinetics Acquires 2D Seismic Data Utilizing its AquaVib™ Marine Vibrator - 2410 views Rundgren Radio Presenting Todd Rundgren in South Bend, Indiana on June 6 - 2256 views Xompass Partners with Entel, the Leading Telecommunications Company in Chile - 1580 views Legal Analyst and Former Basketball Wives Star Premieres "In The Loop" on Award-Winning Station - 1375 views United Premier Soccer League Announces Utah's Logan United FC as New Member for 2017 - 913 views PTC News Gene Simmons To Perform At The Trocadero June 2 In Conjunction With Wizard World Philadelphia - 498 views Garrett Chan Joins Lennar's Team at The San Francisco Shipyard as VP of Sales and Marketing - 325 views Peter Capaldi of 'Doctor Who' To Attend Wizard World Comic Con Minneapolis, May 6-7 - 234 views Gene Simmons To Perform At Park West August 26 In Conjunction With Wizard World Chicago - 233 views 'Doctor Who' Star Jenna Coleman Added To Wizard World Comic Con Minneapolis, May 6-7 - 184 views Apr 05, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Human Microbiome Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Human Microbiome Market is expected to grow from $235.8 million in 2018 to $521.23 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 21.9% during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of lifestyle diseases, growing geriatric population, and technological developments are some of the factors fueling the market growth. By product, Probiotics segment dominated the global market with largest share during the forecast period. North America and Europe commanded the market owing to the improved biotechnological and microbiological research infrastructure. However, Asia-Pacific is anticipated to grow at the highest CAGR owing to recuperating research infrastructure in the region. Some of the key players in Human Microbiome market include Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc., E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, ViThera Pharmaceuticals, Metabiomics Corp., ActoGeniX, Optibiotix Health Plc, Vedanta Biosciences, Inc., MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC, Second Genome, Inc., ENTEROME Bioscience, Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd., Osel, Inc., AvidBiotics, Rebiotix Inc., Merck & Co., Inc. and Seres Therapeutics. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/human-microbiome-market Applications Covered: • Diagnostics • Therapeutics Diseases Covered: • Cancer • Acute Diarrhea • Diabetes • Mental Disorders • Autoimmune Disorders • Obesity • Other Diseases Products Covered: • Foods • Drugs • Probiotics • Diagnostic Devices • Prebiotics • Medical Foods o Nutritionally Incomplete Formulae o Formulae for Metabolic Disorders o Nutritionally Complete Formulae o Oral Rehydration Products • Other Probiotics Supplements Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/human-microbiome-market Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd TagsGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Citi Tower Awarded LEED Platinum Certification by U.S. Green Building Council Next PostNext Global Diabetic Foot Ulcer Therapeutics Market Expected to Hit a CAGR of 11.4% during 2016 to 2024 Search Recent Posts test for video issue Epson Presents New Ultra-Bright Home Cinema 1450 3LCD Projector for Big-Screen Entertaining Epson Demonstrating Color Label Printing Solutions at Craft Brewers Conference & Brewexpo America Annual General Meeting of AB Volvo Taking The Lead – In-Gauge of Polk County Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Absolute Reports Tweet   PEGylated Proteins Sales Market Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast till 2022 PEGylated Proteins Sales Market analysis report contains all study material about Market Overview, Growth, Demand and Forecast Research. This report offers some penetrating overview and solution in the complex world of PEGylated Proteins Sales Market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 05, 2017 ) PEGylated Proteins Sales Market Report provides an analytical assessment of the prime challenges faced by this Market currently and in the coming years, which helps Market participants in understanding the problems they may face while operating in this Market over a longer period of time. Various PEGylated Proteins Sales industry leading players are studied with respect to their company profile, product portfolio, capacity, price, cost and revenue. The following firms are included in the PEGylated Proteins Sales Market report: ENZON Pharmaceuticals Merck Sharp & Dohme Roche Pfizer Amgen UCB Crealta (Savient) Get a Sample of PEGylated Proteins Sales Market research report from - https://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10707314 Split by product Types, with Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Colony Stimulating Factors Interferons Erythropoietin (EPO) Recombinant Factor Viii Monoclonal Antibodies Others Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of PEGylated Proteins in each application, can be divided into Cancer Treatment Hepatitis Chronic Kidney Disease Leukemia SCID Rheumatoid Arthritis & Crohn's Disease Others   Various policies and news are also included in the PEGylated Proteins Sales Market report. Various costs involved in the production of PEGylated Proteins Sales are discussed further. This includes labour cost, depreciation cost, raw material cost and other costs. The production process is analysed with respect to various aspects like, manufacturing plant distribution, capacity, commercial production, R&D status, raw material source and technology source. This provides the basic information about the PEGylated Proteins Sales industry. Detailed TOC and Charts & Tables of PEGylated Proteins Sales Market Research Report available at- https://www.absolutereports.com/global-pegylated-proteins-sales-market-report-2017-10707314 Further in the PEGylated Proteins Sales Market research report, following points are included along with in-depth study of each point: Production Analysis- Production of the PEGylated Proteins Sales is analysed with respect to different regions, types and applications. Here, price analysis of various PEGylated Proteins Sales Market key players is also covered. Sales and Revenue Analysis- Both, sales and revenue are studied for the different regions of the global PEGylated Proteins Sales Market. another major aspect, price, which plays important part in the revenue generation is also assessed in this section for the various regions. Supply and Consumption- In continuation with sales, this section studies supply and consumption for the PEGylated Proteins Sales Market. This part also sheds light on the gap between supple and consumption. Import and export figures are also given in this part. Other analyses- Apart from the aforementioned information, trade and distribution analysis for the PEGylated Proteins Sales Market, contact information of major manufacturers, suppliers and key consumers is also given. Also, SWOT analysis for new projects and feasibility analysis for new investment are included. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. The PEGylated Proteins Sales Market for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Regions covered in the PEGylated Proteins Sales Market report: United States China Europe Japan Asia (Ex. China & Japan) No. of Report Pages: 124 Price of Report (single User Licence): $ 4000 Purchase the PEGylated Proteins Sales Market Report at: https://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10707314     About Absolute Reports: Absolute Reports is an upscale platform to help key personnel in the business world in strategizing and taking visionary decisions based on facts and figures derived from in depth market research. We are one of the top report resellers in the market, dedicated towards bringing you an ingenious concoction of data parameters. Contact Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email  sales@absolutereports.com  Contact Information: Absolute Reports Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » Low-cost male contraceptive finds no takers Low-cost male contraceptive finds no takers April 05, 2017 10:00 IST It could ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries, says Ari Altstedter. IMAGE: Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Photograph: Robert Cianflone/Getty Images Doctors are on the cusp of launching a male contraceptive. But rather than a big pharma lab, the breakthrough is emerging from a university start-up in the heart of rural India. Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Results so far show it’s safe, effective and easy to use -- but gaining little traction with drugmakers. That’s frustrating its inventor, who says his technique could play a crucial role in condom-averse populations. A new birth control method for men has the potential to win as much as half the $10 billion market for female contraceptives worldwide; it also has the potential to cut into the $3.2 billion of annual condom sales, businesses dominated by pharmaceutical giants Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc and Merck & Co, according to estimates from the last major drug company to explore the area. India’s reversible procedure could cost as little as $10 in poor countries, and may provide males with years-long fertility control, overcoming compliance problems and avoiding ongoing costs associated with condoms and the female birth-control pill, which is usually taken daily. It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries who, the World Health Organisation says, have an unmet need for contraception. Yet, so far, only a US non-profit has taken up development of the technology abroad. For Sujoy Guha, the 76-year-old biomedical engineer who invented the product, the challenge is to now find a company which wants to sell it -- even though male contraception is an area Big Pharma has so far shown little interest in. “The fact that the big companies are run by white, middle-aged males who have the same feeling -- that they would never do it -- plays a major role,” said Herjan Coelingh Bennink, a gynaecology professor who helped develop the contraceptives Implanon and Cerazette as head of research and development in women’s health for Organon International from 1987 to 2000. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.” Guha’s technique for impairing male fertility relies on a polymer gel that’s injected into the sperm-carrying tubes in the scrotum. The gel, which has the consistency of melted chocolate, carries a positive charge that acts as a buffer on negatively charged sperm, damaging their heads and tails, and rendering them infertile. The treatment, known as reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance, or RISUG, is reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, allowing sperm to reach the penis normally. The expected launch of RISUG over the next two years will contribute to the Indian contraceptive market’s 17 percent growth through 2021, according to a report last year from Pharmaion Consultants, based near New Delhi. The procedure is 98 per cent effective at preventing pregnancy -- about the same as condoms if they are used every time -- and has no major side effects, according to R S Sharma, head of reproductive biology and maternal health at the Indian Council of Medical Research. About 540 men have received it in India, where it continues to prevent pregnancies in their partners 13 years after treatment, he said. A submission to regulators this year will seek approval for RISUG as a permanent method of birth control. That will be appended with clinical data supporting reversibility, Sharma said. India has more married women with an unmet need for family planning than any other country, and social stigma and a lack of privacy in stores has kept condom use to less than six per cent. Globally, men tend to take a back seat in matters of contraception. Almost 60 per cent of women in spousal relationships used the contraceptive pill or some other form of modern contraception worldwide in 2015, according to a United Nations report. In contrast, eight per cent relied on their male partner using a condom.   A new option for male birth control could garner as much as half the female contraceptives market, according to research by Organon in the 1990s, when the Dutch drugmaker partnered with Germany’s Schering AG on the last major effort to develop a male birth control pill. Demand would come from couples in long-term relationships looking to share family-planning responsibilities and single men looking for an alternative to condoms to prevent an unintended pregnancy from casual sex, Coelingh Bennink said. Still, there were questions at Organon about whether it would be worthwhile financially to develop a new entrant in the low-margin contraceptives market, and the project was eventually shelved, he said. Efforts on a hormone-based male contraceptive continued in 2008, in a study co-funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and UN agencies that was published in October. While the injected regimen’s efficacy was ‘relatively good’ compared to other methods, the study was terminated early after a safety review. The authors noted a ‘relatively high’ frequency of mild to moderate mood disorders, sparking a media uproar over perceived double standards in the development of contraceptives because the side effects seemed similar to those women experience on the pill.    Ari Altstedter Source: Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED Why putting 'sexy' into 'contraception' works better 7 really silly myths about sex and contraception 10 tips to avoid sexually transmitted diseases Five steps toward a better sex life Birth control methods in order of how well they work It's time for Rahul to step aside Pepsi pulls ad accused of mocking 'Black Lives Matter' protests Is this the India we want? The LaLit is on an expansion spree Modi-Shah have a game plan conquer south India Chidambaram's role in Aircel-Maxis case: ED files status report in SC Smartphone apps may be secretly stealing your data: study New Rs2000 and Rs500 notes will change every 3-4 years Tigor, the latest style statement from Tata Motors Why RBI will NOT cut rates on April 6 Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India Business News  |  Indian Stock Market News  |  Bollywood Movies  |  Indian Cricket News  |  India News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2013 © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 06 Apr 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Saudi's NCB Capital launches Pan European Real Estate Fund 2022 World Cup: Qatari firm wins seats contract Dubai’s developers adopt go-slow approach Oman urges banks to be extra vigilant on property, personal loans Qatar's peripheral areas to witness real estate growth: report Dubai’s developers adopt go-slow approach Buy an apartment in India and you can hang out with Kohli Which office properties in Dubai offer maximum value? 2022 World Cup: Qatari firm wins seats contract Dubai’s developers adopt go-slow approach Nakheel awards $37mln Dragon City hotel contract Saudi Oger awaits findings of project review Qatar Petroleum, ExxonMobil sign Cyprus oil, gas deal Oman Oil plans massive petrochem scheme at Duqm Iran to earn $11bln out of petrochemical exports this year Siemens to power Saudi Bio-Acids plant in Jeddah Saudi's NCB Capital launches Pan European Real Estate Fund Robust global trade growth to benefit UAE economy Oman urges banks to be extra vigilant on property, personal loans Zero interest: Pay your traffic fine in instalments in Dubai Saudi Arabia's Islamic Development Bank prices $1.25bln sukuk Saudi Aramco raises $3 billion with debut sukuk Insurance premiums in Arab region $35bln end of 2016 Saudi Arabia appoints banks to issue first international dollar sukuk Gulf retailers not immune to the 'disruptive' power of e-commerce- Dubai retail boss YouTube unveils India mobile app for spotty Internet signals From Bitcoin to Blockchain: GCC banks should adapt fast with disruptive technologies Schneider Electric, ITIDA to build engineering lab in Egyptian tech park Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Creating jobs for new Saudi workers is critical Robust global trade growth to benefit UAE economy Economy, project suspensions 'hit Saudi expat remittances' British PM, stock exchange chief woo Saudi sovereign fund Economy, project suspensions 'hit Saudi expat remittances' ‘Discriminatory’ proposal for naturalised Bahrainis rejected Oman urges banks to be extra vigilant on property, personal loans Qatar World Cup workers pay recruitment fees, work 18-hour days: report Britain, France renew call for Assad to go after Syria chemical attack Thousands of Palestinian prisoners in Israel are expected to stage a hunger strike Lebanon's PM upbeat on new vote law 'Barbaric' Syria chemical attack likely Assad - UK East Libyan forces target rivals' air base in central desert region Morocco's king names new Islamist-led govt Morocco 1st Qtr growth 4.3% on better farming output Vodafone Egypt names ex-communications minister as new chairman Airlines' tech ban may compromise safety: Europe regulator British PM, stock exchange chief woo Saudi sovereign fund Pepsi draws outrage for ad depicting Kendall Jenner at protest Trump says chemical attack in Syria an affront to humanity Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Gulf may follow crude, global shares down but Abu Dhabi may be resilient Oil prices fall on record U.S. crude stocks, rising production Abu Dhabi jumps as confidence builds in blue chips, Saudi up on oil rally Saudi Arabia's Islamic Development Bank prices $1.25bln sukuk Gulf may follow crude, global shares down but Abu Dhabi may be resilient British PM, stock exchange chief woo Saudi sovereign fund Abu Dhabi jumps as confidence builds in blue chips, Saudi up on oil rally Buying in NBAD shares propel Abu Dhabi index to near 1-month high Fitch says currency risk still threatens Egyptian banks' solvency Kuwait says to increase debt ceiling, permit longer-dated bonds Dollar wobbles but holds above 4-month lows Egypt's Mar foreign reserves at over $28.5bln, highest since 2011 Oil prices fall on record U.S. crude stocks, rising production Oil rises to near 1-month high on tightening of supplies Seeking higher revenues, Saudi sets out stall for light crude Gold rises on political uncertainty, shrugs off dollar gains Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Airlines' tech ban may compromise safety: Europe regulator Emirates joins Etihad, Qatar in U.S. cabin laptop ban workaround Post-amnesty: Harsh penalties await Saudi expats found violating law Draft maritime law intended to boost UAE shipping sector Airlines' tech ban may compromise safety: Europe regulator Trump says chemical attack in Syria an affront to humanity Lebanon's PM upbeat on new vote law Saudi expats running from pillar to post for amnesty Airlines' tech ban may compromise safety: Europe regulator Trump says chemical attack in Syria an affront to humanity Thousands of Palestinian prisoners in Israel are expected to stage a hunger strike Lebanon's new hunting regulations an effort to ‘end chaos’ Airlines' tech ban may compromise safety: Europe regulator Which office properties in Dubai offer maximum value? Over a million housemaid visas issued in Saudi last year No exports of rotten meat from Brazil to Oman Zero interest: Pay your traffic fine in instalments in Dubai Saudis urged to obtain separate passports for dependents Government 'studying' fuel subsidy for needy in Oman Arrests in Iran show Rouhani's difficulty shielding reformists ahead of vote Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Medical records database to be centralised in Dubai from Friday Pepsi draws outrage for ad depicting Kendall Jenner at protest Buy an apartment in India and you can hang out with Kohli Record-breaking 'Pink Star' diamond sells for $71.2mln Medical records database to be centralised in Dubai from Friday Oman has high rates of inherited blood disorders Medicines in Dubai to have distinct barcodes Go veg: India could help save water by switching to vegetables and oranges Bahrain rules out school fees for expat students Qatar University to spend $1.37bln over next 10 years CBSE students in UAE launch petition against tough Maths paper Gardening in schools promotes healthier habits Record-breaking 'Pink Star' diamond sells for $71.2mln Dogs in Egypt line up to get fit in first canine gym Saudi women show preference for online shopping Sharjah Heritage Days begin with cultural fiesta Emirates joins Etihad, Qatar in U.S. cabin laptop ban workaround British PM suggests free movement could continue during Brexit implementation Bahrainis choosing Turkey as tourist destination 5 Abu Dhabi brunches to try Spice Girl Mel B gets restraining order after accusing husband of abuse Buy an apartment in India and you can hang out with Kohli Disney on the look out for 'Aladdin' stars in the UAE Sharjah Heritage Days begin with cultural fiesta Buy an apartment in India and you can hang out with Kohli Kohli wins Wisden's 'Leading Cricketer' honour Godolphin aim three at lucrative Sydney Cup IPL 10: Watson stands in as Bangalore captain for injured Kohli Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article financial services ADIB launches second tranche of capital-protected equity investment note 04 April, 2017 Tuesday, Apr 04, 2017 Dubai Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank (ADIB) has launched a second tranche of the popular Equity Basket Note 3 investment note linked to a basket of global blue-chip stocks. The Sharia-compliant note matures in 12 months and provides 100 per cent protection at maturity to minimise investment risk. The note is currently open for subscription until April 23 with a minimum investment of $30,000. The product provides investors with the opportunity to invest in a basket of international companies, including Allergan, Cerner, KDDI, Merck & Co, Koninklijke Philips. Maturity date for the note is April 4, 2018. “At ADIB, we always look to offer customers with wealth-tailored management solutions and products that address their specific financial needs. The second tranche of the Equity Basket Note 3 provides customers with another chance to access a diverse range of leading international companies with strong upside potential over the medium term at minimal risk,” Daffer Luqman, Global Head of Liabilities and Wealth Management at ADIB, said. As one of the UAE’s leading banks, ADIB continues to develop and deliver best-in-class solutions tailored to meet the financial needs of customers through effective financial planning and asset allocation. The first tranche of Equity Basket Note 3 was issued in January 2017. ADIB’s last three matured equity investment notes have yielded returns of 4.2 per cent, 4.7 per cent and 6.1 per cent, respectively. Advertisement Staff Report Gulf News 2017. All rights reserved. © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: equities markets Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Ascend Performance Materials for chemicals, fibers and plastics names Phil McDivitt CEO Phil McDivitt has assumed the title of president, chief executive officer and member of the board of directors. 22 hours ago Ian Lane appointed UK's BAE Systems Oman's General Manager 22 hours ago Former Masdar director elected President of the American Concrete Institute 1 day ago UAE's flydubai airline appoints JPA Design to design cabin interior for its Boeing 737 MAX 2 days ago Al Hilal Bank appoints new CEO 2 days ago  from Viola Advertising & PR Faithful+Gould appoints new UAE country director Faithful+Gould has appointed Paul Doherty as country director for 265 people-strong UAE division. 2 days ago Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Global and United States Medication Adherence Industry, Market Developments & Opportunities 2017-2022 : Novartis, Pfizer, Roche Brooklyn, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/04/2017 — This report studies the Medication Adherence market status and outlook of global and United States, from angles of players, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyzes the top players in global and United States market, and splits the Medication Adherence market by product type and applications/end industries. The Asia-Pacific will occupy for more market share in following years, especially in China, also fast growing India and Southeast Asia regions. North America, especially The United States, will still play an important role which cannot be ignored. Any changes from United States might affect the development trend of Medication Adherence. The major players in global and United States Medication Adherence market, including Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Sanofi, Merck & Co., Johnson & Johnson, GlaxoSmithKline, AstraZeneca, Gilead Sciences, Takeda, AbbVie, Amgen, Teva, Lilly, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Bayer, Novo Nordisk, Astellas, Boehringer Ingelheim, Actavis. The report includes the overview of the global Medication Adherence market and includes market definition, report methodology, and description. The key market drivers accelerating the growth of the Medication Adherence industry have been studied in detail. Similarly, factors impeding the growth of the global Medication Adherence market have been elaborated upon. Studying the challenges faced by the players in the global Medication Adherence industry helps potential investors to understand and overcome these problems. Order your Free Sample Copy of this Report @ http://www.qyresearchreports.com/sample/sample.php?rep_id=1043369&type=E The report comprises a study of Porter’s five forces analysis and this includes the degree of competition, the threat of new entrants, the threat of substitutes, and the bargaining power of suppliers and buyers. This is very helpful to get a clear insight into the global Medication Adherence industry. The investment feasibility and return analysis as well as the value chain analysis have been used by this research report. Key segments of the global Medication Adherence market have been studied in detail. The leading and declining segments as well as the reasons behind their growth and decline have been included in the report The key players operating in the global Medication Adherence market have been profiled in the report for the purpose of study. The company overview, the financial performance, and the recent developments by each of the players in the market are given. The report also makes a note of all the merger and acquisition activities between players in the market for the purpose of expansion of the product portfolio. Browse Complete Report with TOC @ http://www.qyresearchreports.com/report/2017-2022-medication-adherence-report-on-global-and-united-states-market-status-and-forecast-by-players-types-and-applications.htm Table of Contents 1 Methodology and Data Source 1.1 Methodology/Research Approach 1.1.1 Research Programs/Design 1.1.2 Market Size Estimation 1.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation 2 Medication Adherence Market Overview 2.1 Medication Adherence Product Overview 2.2 Medication Adherence Market Segment by Type 2.4 United States Medication Adherence Product Segment by Type 3 Medication Adherence Application/End Users 3.1 Medication Adherence Segment by Application/End Users 3.1.1 Cardiovascular Medication Adherence 3.1.2 CNS Medication Adherence 3.1.3 Diabetes Medication Adherence 3.1.4 Oncology Medication Adherence 3.1.5 Respiratory Medication Adherence 3.1.6 Gastrointestinal Medication Adherence 3.1.7 Rheumatology Medication Adherence 3.2 Global Medication Adherence Product Segment by Application QYResearchReports offers Latest News & Articles @ http://www.qyresearchreports.com/press-releases.htm TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Adult Sound Machines and Sleep Aids Market- Graco, Marpac, HoMedics, Cloud B Next PostNext Managed Security Services Market Worth US$ 100.88 Bn by 2026 Search Recent Posts First Ever Sound Table Set to Revolutionize the Modern Interior Space ShowerShroom Launches Successful Campaign On Kickstarter Centex Hosting Proudly Starts Offering Colocation In Dallas Audeara Launches Successful Kickstarter Campaign Sticky Sounds Launches On Kickstarter For Speaker That Mounts To Anything Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Veterinary Healthcare Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. The Global Veterinary Healthcare Market is estimated to be $22.6 billion in 2014 and is poised to reach $40.8 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 7.66% from 2014 to 2022. Some of the key factors driving the market growth are rising incidence of diseases (food-borne and zoonotic) in animals which consequently transfer to human beings by consumption of meat, increase in pet ownership, food safety and improved nutrition. Whereas factors such as restrictions imposed by regulatory bodies against the excess use of antibiotics in production animals, protest of activists against the animal research and increasing cost of animal testing are hampering the market growth. Decrease in the Veterinary population is the major challenge in the Veterinary healthcare Market. Feed additives product segment is expected to grow with the highest CAGR in the Veterinary healthcare Market during the forecast period. The Global Veterinary Healthcare Market is segmented based on animal type, product and geography. By animal type, the veterinary healthcare market is categorized into Farm animals and Companion animals. The Farm Animal segment is further classified into Cattle, Swine, Fish, Sheep and Poultry. The Companion animals segment comprise of Dogs, Cats and Horses. Based on product type, the market is segmented into Vaccines, Feed Additives and Pharmaceuticals. Feed additives is further segmented into Nutritional Feed Additives and Medicinal Feed Additives. By geography, the veterinary healthcare market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World.  There were many mergers, joint ventures and acquisitions that took place in the recent years. North America leads the Veterinary Healthcare Market followed by Europe and then Asia-Pacific. However, Asia-Pacific will witness the highest growth in the coming years strongly driven by the growing population and increasing rate of pet adoption. Some of the key players in Veterinary Healthcare Market include Zoetis, Merck, Merial, Bayer, Elanco, Ceva, Virbac, Boehringer Ingelheim and Novartis. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/global-veterinary-healthcare-market-outlook-2015-2022 What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 8 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/global-veterinary-healthcare-market-outlook-2015-2022 https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd TagsGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious „The 7th LIXIL International Student Architectural Competition” Top Three Universities Proceeding to Open Final Screening Announced Next PostNext COPsync, Inc. (COYN: OTC Pink Current) | Venue Change Search Recent Posts Trending Report of Resettable Thermal Fuses Market – Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Competitive Landscape 2021 Trending Report of Resettable Thermal Fuses Market – Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Competitive Landscape 2021 Orangehook, Inc. (NUVLD: OTC Pink Current) | Symbol Change COPsync, Inc. (COYNW: OTC Pink Current) | Venue Change Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. (GDWP: OTC Pink Current) | Symbol Change Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by Military News Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by Hormone Type,Route of Administration and Region According to the report „Hormone Replacement Therapy Market”, published by Market Data Forecast, the global market is projected to reach USD 22.31 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 7.21% from 2016 to 2021. View Report at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957/ Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) is employed in patients suffering from declining levels of hormones with the right administration of hormones into the body. These therapies are generally meted out to women undergoing menopause. Estrogen is among the most commonly administered hormones. However, progesterone and testosterone are also administered when needed. Get free sample report at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957/request-sample Growing awareness on post-menopausal hazards, reimbursement policies, novel formulations, rise in unmet medical needs which require the employment of hormone therapy, benefits like lower risk of fractures are the few factors propelling the growth of global hormone replacement therapy market. Responsible for more than half of the market revenues, the estrogen replacement therapy segment dominates the global HRT market. The largest consumers of estrogen replacement therapy are post-menopausal women. North America dominated the market, where the majority of the contribution was from the USA owing to the well-established healthcare system. While, the market in the APAC region is expected to witness a rapid growth during the forecast period. Request Customization at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957/customize-report Global Market for Hormone Replacement Therapy is segmented by Hormone Type, Route of Administration and Region 1. By Hormone Type                                       ·         Estrogen Replacement Therapy                ·         Growth Hormone Replacement Therapy                              ·         Thyroid Replacement Therapy                   ·         Others                  2. By Route of Administration                                    ·         Oral                        ·         Parenteral                           ·         Transdermal                       ·         Others                  3. By Geography ·         North America ·         Europe ·         Asia-Pacific ·         Latin America ·         Middle-East & Africa Enquire before buying at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957/inquire Some of the key players operating in the hormone replacement industry are Abbott Laboratories, Novartis, Pfizer, Mylan Laboratories, Amgen, Merck & Co., Bayer, Eli Lily, Novo Nordisk, Wyeth, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Hisamitsu Pharmaceutical Co. Inc. Buy this report at https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957 About us: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the areas of market research and business intelligence. We have rich experience in research across major industry segments like Healthcare, Agriculture, Food & Beverages etc. and we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our research services contribute to key business areas like business process improvement, key decision making and developing appropriate corporate strategy. We are truly committed to our clients and other stakeholders for providing customized research services of the highest quality all the while being an organization that’s trusted for its integrity, respected for its accountability, and admired for its excellence, by both clients and competitors alike. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Sales Manager Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 9985550206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Food Preservatives market growth analysis report 2016–2021 Next PostNext Journalist Explorer Kinga Philipps Shares Tips on Spring Travel for Tips on TV Blog Search Recent Posts What Does Someone do If an Immigration Waiver Is Not Possible, Waiver-Strategy Explains LivVoIP.com Opens Corporate Offices in Whittier FLIR Systems to Release First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on Wednesday, April 26, 2017 Friedman LLP to be a Co-Organizer and Co-Producer of 21st Annual East Coast Gaming Congress, May 24-25 Canadian General Investments: Investment Update – Unaudited Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by Military News Veterinary Respiratory Disease Treatment Market Forecast to 2022 Chicago, IL — (SBWIRE) — 04/05/2017 — The report tracks the major market events including product launches, technological developments, mergers & acquisitions, and the innovative business strategies opted by key market players. Along with strategically analyzing the key micro markets, the report also focuses on industry-specific drivers, restraints, opportunities and challenges in the veterinary respiratory disease treatment market. The scope of this report covers veterinary respiratory disease treatment market by its major segments, which include the drug classifications, route of administration, distribution channel and the major geographic regions. Download Free Sample: https://www.scalarmarketresearch.com/request-sample.php?id=505 KEY PREMIUM INDUSTRY INSIGHTS 1. The veterinary respiratory disease treatment market is driven by the rise in the respiratory infections and the lack of drugs to treat precise pathogens is driving the growth of veterinary respiratory disease market during the study period. 2. However, the high cost of the drugs and government policies to reduce the usage of antibiotics are hampering the growth of the veterinary respiratory disease treatment market. KEY MARKET PLAYERS Key players in the veterinary respiratory disease treatment market include: 1. Eli Lilly Company 2. Zoetis 3. Merck & Co., Inc. 4. Bayer AG 5. Virbac 6. Vetoquinol 7. Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH 8. Ceva 9. Bimeda Animal Health Browse Full Report: https://www.scalarmarketresearch.com/market-reports/veterinary-respiratory-disease-treatment ABOUT Scalar Market Research Inc. Scalar Market Research Inc. aspires to assist organizations from around the world to achieve their business goal with premium market research reports and consulting services. Our real-time industry tracking with the help of advanced analytics offers a crystal clear view of all the activities in niche markets. Our team, with thorough global understanding, works relentlessly to gather the necessary market insights, including customer analysis, competitions and global forecast. CONTACT: Moses Nakka 8770 W Bryn Mawr Ave., Suite 1300 Chicago, IL 60631 Tel.: +1-800-213-5170 (U.S./Canada Toll-free) Email: sales@scalarmarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Shower Mixer Tap Market Analysis by Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Global Trends 2017 – 2021 Next PostNext Global Air Suspension Market Accounting a Higher Growth by 2016 – 2024 Search Recent Posts Yulong Eco-Materials Limited Receives NASDAQ Notice of Delisting Notice of Data Incident Regarding Ondracek & Company Brian Krebs und General Michael Hayden sind Keynote-Redner an der Navigate ’17, der Konferenz von SailPoint zum Thema Identity Governance P10 Industries, Inc. (PIOIQ: OTC Pink Current) | P10 Industries, Inc., formerly Active Power Inc., update on expedited hearing to seek approval for a number of administrative matters Catalytic Converter Market to Increase at Steady Growth Rate by 2016-2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Oropharyngeal Cancer Therapeutics Market – Epidemiology Analysis, Therapy, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2023 The global oropharyngeal cancer therapeutics market is expected to have significant growth since the pipeline for oropharyngeal cancer is growing rapidly. Also, there are no specific drugs available for the treatment of oropharyngeal cancer providing increased opportunities for the major key players. Oral cavity tumor or oral tumor, is tumor that begins in the mouth (also known as the oral cavity). Oropharyngeal malignancy begins in the oropharynx, which is the part of the throat behind the mouth. The oral cavity comprises of lips, the inside lining of the lips and cheeks (buccal mucosa), the teeth, the gums, the front two-thirds of the tongue, the floor of the mouth below the tongue and the bony roof of the mouth (hard palate). The area behind the wisdom teeth, called the retromolar trigone is also sometimes included in the oral cavity, though it is often considered part of the oropharynx. Explore Report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/oropharyngeal-ca… The oropharynx is the part of the throat just behind the mouth and begins where the oral cavity stops. It comprises of base of the tongue (the back third of the tongue), the soft palate (the back part of the roof of the mouth), the tonsils, and the side and back wall of the throat. The different parts of the oral cavity and oropharynx are made up of many types of cells. Different tumors can grow from each type of cell. The differences are significant, because they can affect a person’s treatment options and diagnosis. Many types of cancers can grow in the oral cavity and oropharynx. The three major categories include, benign or non-cancerous growths that do not invade other tissues and do not spread to other parts of the body, harmless growths that can later develop into tumor. They are known as pre-cancerous conditions and the last category is cancerous growths that can develop into surrounding tissues and metastasize to other parts of the body. Request for Table of Content at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/oropharyngeal-ca… The oropharyngeal cancer therapeutics market is segmented based on the therapy which includes surgery, chemotherapy, radiation therapy, targeted therapy and palliative treatment. Chemotherapy holds the largest share since it contains maximum number of drugs including, Cisplatin, Carboplatin, 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), Paclitaxel (Taxol) and Docetaxel (Taxotere). The palliative treatment segment holds the second largest share including, ibuprofen, acetaminophen, morphine or similar drugs. Targeted therapy holds the lowest share and includes only one drug, Cetuximab which may be combined with radiation therapy. Browse Other Related Report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/industry-report/pharmaceuticals Some of the key players operating in the oropharyngeal cancer therapeutics market include Genticel S.A., AstraZeneca Plc, Kolltan Pharmaceuticals Inc., PNP Therapeutics Inc., Novartis AG, Advaxis Inc., Merck & Co. Inc., VLPbio and Synta Pharmaceuticals Corp. About P&S Market Research P&S Market Research is a market research company, which offers market research and consulting services for various geographies around the globe. We provide market research reports, industry forecasting reports, business intelligence, and research based consulting services across different industry/business verticals. As one of the top growing market research agency, we’re keen upon providing market landscape and accurate forecasting. Our analysts and consultants are proficient with business intelligence and market analysis, through their interaction with leading companies of the concerned domain. We help our clients with B2B market research and assist them in identifying various windows of opportunity, and framing informed and customized business expansion strategies in different regions. Contact: Abhishek Executive – Client Partner 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 Toll-free: +1-888-778-7886 (USA/Canada) Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.com Web: www.psmarketresearch.com 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bile Duct Cancer Therapeutics Market Epidemiology Analysis, Therapy, Development and Demand Forecast to 2023 Next PostNext Endometrial Cancer Therapeutics Market Analysis, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2023 Search Recent Posts Saponin Market Analysis and Growth Forecast by Applications, Types and Competitors till 2021 Endometrial Cancer Therapeutics Market Analysis, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2023 Oropharyngeal Cancer Therapeutics Market – Epidemiology Analysis, Therapy, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2023 Neuroendocrine Carcinoma Therapeutics Market – Epidemiology Analysis, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2023 Bile Duct Cancer Therapeutics Market Epidemiology Analysis, Therapy, Development and Demand Forecast to 2023 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Data Forecast Tweet   Hormone Replacement Therapy Market is predicted to reach USD 22.31 billion by 2021 According to the report "Hormone Replacement Therapy Market, published by Market Data Forecast, the global market is projected to reach USD 22.31 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 7.21% from 2016 to 2021.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 05, 2017 ) According to the report Hormone Replacement Therapy Market, published by Market Data Forecast, the global market is projected to reach USD 22.31 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 7.21% from 2016 to 2021. View Report at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957/ Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) is employed in patients suffering from declining levels of hormones with the right administration of hormones into the body. These therapies are generally meted out to women undergoing menopause. Estrogen is among the most commonly administered hormones. However, progesterone and testosterone are also administered when needed. Get free sample report at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957/request-sample Growing awareness on post-menopausal hazards, reimbursement policies, novel formulations, rise in unmet medical needs which require the employment of hormone therapy, benefits like lower risk of fractures are the few factors propelling the growth of global hormone replacement therapy market. Responsible for more than half of the market revenues, the estrogen replacement therapy segment dominates the global HRT market. The largest consumers of estrogen replacement therapy are post-menopausal women. North America dominated the market, where the majority of the contribution was from the USA owing to the well-established healthcare system. While the market in the APAC region is expected to witness a rapid growth during the forecast period. Request Customization at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957/customize-report Global Market for Hormone Replacement Therapy is segmented by Hormone Type, Route of Administration and Region 1. By Hormone Type  Estrogen Replacement Therapy  Growth Hormone Replacement Therapy  Thyroid Replacement Therapy  Others 2. By Route of Administration  Oral  Parenteral  Transdermal  Others 3. By Geography  North America  Europe  Asia-Pacific  Latin America  Middle-East & Africa Enquire before buying at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957/inquire Some of the key players operating in the hormone replacement industry are Abbott Laboratories, Novartis, Pfizer, Mylan Laboratories, Amgen, Merck & Co., Bayer, Eli Lily, Novo Nordisk, Wyeth, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Hisamitsu Pharmaceutical Co. Inc. Buy this report at https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957 About us: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the areas of market research and business intelligence. We have rich experience in research across major industry segments like Healthcare, Agriculture, Food & Beverages etc. and we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our research services contribute to key business areas like business process improvement, key decision making and developing an appropriate corporate strategy. We are truly committed to our clients and other stakeholders for providing customized research services of the highest quality all the while being an organization thats trusted for its integrity, respected for its accountability, and admired for its excellence, by both clients and competitors alike. Contact Information: Market Data Forecast Abhishek Tel: +1-888- 702-9626 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Vaccine Contract Manufacturing Market Report 2017-2027 News provided by ReportBuyer Apr 05, 2017, 12:54 ET Share this article LONDON, April 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Report Details The global vaccine contract manufacturing market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 8.9% from 2016-2021 and CAGR of 9.2% from 2021-2027. The market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 9.1% from 2016 to 2027. The market is estimated at $816m in 2016, and $2117m in 2027. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4810655/ How this report will benefit you Read on to discover how you can exploit the future business opportunities emerging in this sector. In this brand new 154-page report you will receive 74 charts – all unavailable elsewhere. The 155-page report provides clear detailed insight into the global vaccine contract manufacturing market. Discover the key drivers and challenges affecting the market. By ordering and reading our brand new report today you stay better informed and ready to act. Report Scope - Revenue and growth forecasts to 2027 for the global vaccine market and market shares of the submarkets: paediatric vaccines, adult vaccines, influenza vaccines and therapeutic vaccines - Revenue and growth forecasts to 2027 for the global vaccine contract manufacturing market - Revenue and growth forecasts to 2027 for the leading national markets: - United States - Germany - France - United Kingdom - Italy - Spain - Japan - Brazil - Russia - China - India - Rest of the World Revenue and growth forecasts to 2027 for the leading players in the vaccine contract manufacturing market: - Baxter BioPharma Solutions - Boehringer Ingelheim - Catalent - Charles River Laboratories - IDT Biologika - Lonza - Meridian Life Science - Sigma Aldrich Fine Chemicals - Merck - Synco Bio Partners - Analysis of what stimulates and restrains the global vaccine contract manufacturing market Visiongain's study is intended for anyone requiring commercial analyses for the global vaccine contract manufacturing market. You find data, trends and predictions. Buy our report today Global Vaccine Contract Manufacturing Market Report 2017-2027: Leading Countries, Technologies and Companies. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4810655/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com   For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com   Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-vaccine-contract-manufacturing-market-report-2017-2027-300435321.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Apr 05, 2017, 12:53 ET Preview: Marketing to Life Scientists: A Best Practice Guide for Marketers - Second Edition My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 05, 2017, 12:53 ETMarketing to Life Scientists: A Best Practice Guide for Marketers... Apr 05, 2017, 12:51 ETGermany Homeland Security & Public Safety Market â€" 2017-2022 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Vaccine Contract Manufacturing Market Report 2017-2027 News provided by ReportBuyer Apr 05, 2017, 12:54 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Hematuria Treatment Market snapshot 2022 Hematuria is the medical term for the condition in which there is presence of blood urine. A few unique conditions and diseases can result in hematuria. These consist of contamination or infections, kidney disease, cancer, and rare blood disorders. The blood might be visible or in such little amounts that it can’t be seen with the naked eye. Any blood in the urine can be the indication of a serious health issue, regardless of the possibility that it happens just once. Globally the market for Hematuria Treatment is expected to grow at the rate of about XX% from 2016 to 2022. Get Sample Report @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1732 Study objectives of the Market: To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 7 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Hematuria treatment market To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth To analyze the market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porters five force analysis etc. To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to the main geography and its countries – North America, Europe, Middle East & Africa. To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective To provide country level analysis of the market for segments by causes, by end user, by treatments and its sub-segments. To provide overview of key players and their strategic profiling in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Hematuria Treatment market. Intended Audience: Hematuria equipment manufacturers & Suppliers Hematuria Treatment products manufacturers & Suppliers Pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies Hospitals and diagnostic centers Medical device companies Academic research institutes Key Finding: The Hematuria Treatment Europe market is expected to reach highest revenue by 2022. Water Caloric Stimulator device holds the largest share of the Hematuria Treatment market. Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market at GOOD CAGR Browse Report @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/hematuria-treatment-… Segments: Hematuria Treatment market has been segmented on the basis of causes which comprises of kidney stones, urinary tract infection, urethritis, bladder cancer, bladder stones, prostate cancer, cystitis and others. On the basis of end user, market is segmented into hospital, clinic, research laboratories and others. On the basis of treatment which includes drugs, therapies and others Regional Analysis of Hematuria Treatment Market: Globally North America is the largest market for Hematuria Treatment. Europe is the second-largest market and Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a rapid rate. Key Players for Hematuria Treatment Market: Some of the key players in this market are: AstraZeneca plc. Bristol-Myers Squibb, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., GlaxoSmithKline Inc., Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Merck & Co., Novartis International AG, Pfizer, Inc., Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited and The Medicines Company and others. The report for Hematuria Treatment Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different markets segments and regions Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. Market Research Future Amanora Town Centre, Office No. 528,, Amanora Chambers, Hadapsar, Pune, Maharashtra 411028 This release was published on openPR. TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cylindrical Lithium Ion Battery Market 2022: Top Companies, Regional Growth Overview and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications Next PostNext Future prospective of Roof Coatings Market-Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts San Antonio, TX Author Publishes Coming Home Memoir test for video issue Epson Presents New Ultra-Bright Home Cinema 1450 3LCD Projector for Big-Screen Entertaining Epson Demonstrating Color Label Printing Solutions at Craft Brewers Conference & Brewexpo America Annual General Meeting of AB Volvo Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe | Marketing Packages | Forums | Cookie Law | Our sites ThePigSite ThePoultrySite TheFishSite TheCattleSite TheDairySite TheBeefSite TheMeatSite TheCropSite TheSheepSite ThePetSite.co.uk ElSitioAvicola ElSitioPorcino ThePigSite.cn ThePoultrySite.cn TheFishSite.cn AgriTimes.ru 5M Farm Supplies 5M Books Follow @thefishsite News & Analysis Features Markets & Reports Knowledge Centre Business Directory Events Our Shop Forums News PD vaccine monopoly overturned05 April 2017 Fish farmers in Norway will now be able to choose from at least two PD vaccines, after the Norwegian Supreme Court ruled that MSD had no right to a monopoly. The decision effectively nullifies a supplementary protection certificate which was awarded to MSD Animal Heath (known as Merk in the North America) in 2014 and extended the term of their PD vaccine patent, preventing other suppliers from gaining access to the market unitl 2020. As a result, other suppliers are now able to offer alternative vaccines against PD, something that Pharmaq – which had already developed its own PD vaccine – has been desperate to achieve. Indeed the Supreme Court’s decision upheld Pharmaq’s argument that the supplementary protection certificate should not have been awarded to MSD. In its ruling, the Norwegian Appeals Court considered the comparative efficacy and stated that "[t]he Court of Appeal's overall assessment of the research data presented and the other evidence is that there are significant differences in vaccine efficacy, and that PHARMAQ's vaccine in actual practice has a significantly better effect against SAV-3 infection than Intervet's vaccine. The differences are consistent and systematic." "This decision is no surprise, we always knew our vaccine was significantly more effective for pancreatic disease in salmon in Norway and we are pleased that the Supreme Court has confirmed the decision from the Appeal Court and denied MSD the supplementary protection certificate," says Pharmaq President Morten Nordstad. Since 2004, Pharmaq has launched 28 fish vaccines, providing protection against a broad range of diseases, and helping to almost eliminate the use of antibiotics in the Norwegian aquaculture industry.   Fish Health, Company/Products, Government and Regulatory, General, Aquaculture Share This Related News Record year for salmon giant   06 April 2017 Feed chief steps down   05 April 2017 Values up despite drop in volumes   05 April 2017 Benthic fauna can offer environmental alerts   05 April 2017 Fish oil alternative for salmonids launched   04 April 2017 More News Publix goes public with seafood sourcing policy    04 April 2017 French dominate seafood product shortlist    04 April 2017 Marine research under threat    04 April 2017 Scots to run Crown assets    04 April 2017 How to Deliver Plant-Based Compounds for Maximum Benefit to Animals    04 April 2017 Endorsement for forage fisheries    03 April 2017 Strong forecast for Alaskan pinks    03 April 2017 Alaska fish factor: buoyant seafood sales    03 April 2017 Digging deep to dodge sea lice    01 April 2017 Scots set for first caviar farm    01 April 2017 Our Sponsors Partners Seasonal Picks News Fish News News by Category Analysis Latest Headlines Latest Articles Reports CME Futures Market USDA Cash Grain Alan Brugler CME Archive Knowledge Cultured Aquatic Species Fish Disease Guide Links Marketing Marketing Packages Business Directory Submit Business Media Videos Newsletter Events Latest Events Submit Event About About 5m Publishing Our Editors © 2000 - 2014. 5m Publishing, Benchmark House, 8 Smithy Wood Drive, Sheffield, S35 1QN, England. 5m Enterprises Inc., Suite 4120, CBoT, 141 West Jackson Boulevard, Chicago, IL, 60604-2900, USA.- A Benchmark Holdings plc. Company No part of this site may be reproduced without permission. Co. Registration 3332321 VAT No. 100 1348 86 Terms and Conditions | Privacy | Disclaimer
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Animal Health Biotechnology Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/05/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) announces the addition of a new report titled „Animal Health Biotechnology Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024″. Biotechnology utilized in animal healthcare dates back to 19th century when the first vaccines were prepared for its use in animals. Request For Sample Report@ http://www.mrrse.com/sample/1848 Animal Health Biotechnology Market: Overview This will also improve the health of various companion animals, help in improving sporting animals’ performance and the productivity of farm animals. However, the globalised trade in live animals, animal products, and their feeds is leading to a continuously increasing threat of infectious diseases worldwide. Thus, to prevent the spread of infectious diseases, the World Organization for Animal Health (OIE) emphasizes the importance of very rapid, accurate, highly specific and sensitive detection and identification of infectious agents; and prompt and effective control of those diseases. Animal Health Biotechnology Market: Current Outlook Presently, various reagents and diagnostic techniques have been developed, which are more specific, sensitive, rapid, reproducible and robust that have been updated through recent discoveries in biochemistry, immunology and molecular biology (monoclonal antibodies, nucleic probes, DNA amplification and others). The development of new vaccines, such as subunit vaccines, synthetic vaccines, recombinant vaccines and anti-idiotype vaccines, which combine efficacy, innocuity, duration of protection, ease of use, stability and multivalence. The availability of new anti-parasitic and anti-infective agents and immunomodulatory therapeutic agents specifies that biotechnology is continuing to find new applications in the field of animal health. These new vaccines, diagnostic techniques, and therapeutic substances will add to the knowledge, which, in future, will extend to the development of transgenic animals with improved genetic potential and will be more disease resistant and more productive at the same time. Thus, the most important objective of animal health biotechnology is to serve human healthcare as well as its environment at the same time. Animal Health Biotechnology Market: Drivers Major factors that will drive the demand from this market mainly includes advancements in cloning and development of transgenic animals, favorable government approval scenarios, and increasing research and development from major firms across the globe. Development of various transgenic animals and cloning will add to the animal’s ability to fight diseases and at the same time it will benefit the human society and environment. This will increase the demand for these animals; hence will contribute towards the growth of animal health biotechnology market in the future. Favorable government policies as well as supportive approval agencies will further help in the growth of this market in future. Major firms across geographies are conducting extensive R&D, which will add to the development of advanced vaccines, therapeutics as well as transgenic animals, will add to the growth of this market in future. Make an Enquiry@ http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/1848 Animal Health Biotechnology Market: Regional Dynamics Geographically, North America and Europe is expected to dominate the Animal Health Biotechnology market. Major factors that will be responsible for their growth in this market can be high awareness levels of the population about cloning, transgenic products etc. and high investment in research and development activities from both public and private firms in these regions. Asia-Pacific region is also expected to show a rapid growth in this market due to availability of huge livestock population as well as dependency of various regions on animals for their daily activities. Some of the major players operating in the animal health biotechnology market are Bayer AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer, Inc., Sanofi, and Santa Cruz Biotechnology, Inc. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. The study is a source of reliable data on: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive landscape Technological breakthroughs Value chain and stakeholder analysis The regional analysis covers: North America (U.S. and Canada) Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others) Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg) Eastern Europe (Poland, Russia) Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia and New Zealand) Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, North Africa) The report has been compiled through extensive primary research (through interviews, surveys, and observations of seasoned analysts) and secondary research (which entails reputable paid sources, trade journals, and industry body databases). The report also features a complete qualitative and quantitative assessment by analyzing data gathered from industry analysts and market participants across key points in the industry’s value chain. A separate analysis of prevailing trends in the parent market, macro- and micro-economic indicators, and regulations and mandates is included under the purview of the study. By doing so, the report projects the attractiveness of each major segment over the forecast period. Browse Full Report With TOC@ http://www.mrrse.com/animal-health-biotechnology-market Highlights of the report: A complete backdrop analysis, which includes an assessment of the parent market Important changes in market dynamics Market segmentation up to the second or third level Historical, current, and projected size of the market from the standpoint of both value and volume Reporting and evaluation of recent industry developments Market shares and strategies of key players Emerging niche segments and regional markets An objective assessment of the trajectory of the market Recommendations to companies for strengthening their foothold in the market About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/u/0/109558601025749677847/posts Linked in: https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Twitter: https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Liquid Solid Container Rental Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Next PostNext HVAC and Refrigeration (HVACR) Systems Market: Evaporators to Remain Most Valued Product Search Recent Posts Trending Report of Network Storage Systems Market – Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Competitive Landscape 2021 Radio Modem Market advancing the growth Worldwide: Market dynamics, trends, efficiencies Forecast 2021 Global Pertussis Market Analysis, Share and Forecast by 2022 – Market Research Report CAPTURE HIGH-QUALITY MEMORIES WITH THE NEW CANON POWERSHOT SX730 HS DIGITAL CAMERA UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL: CANON ANNOUNCES NEW EF-S 35MM F/2.8 MACRO IS STM LENS Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Flea & Tick Products Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/05/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) announces the addition of a new report titled „Flea & Tick Products Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024″. Flea and tick infestations, along with other intestinal parasites like heartworms are controlled primarily by using various pesticides. Request For Sample Report@ http://www.mrrse.com/sample/1850 Flea & Tick Products Market: Overview Ticks are known to be very harmful for pets and can cause transmitting diseases like Lyme disease. These pets can bring ticks into the human population and can cause illness from a tick bite. There are several repellents, insect killers and growth inhibitors are available commercially in the market to protect pets from flea and tick bites. Some of these products are exclusively available at a veterinarian’s and other products are available over the counter. The products to protect pets from flea and tick bites include oral pills, sprays, spot-ons, powders, shampoos and other liquid products that are squeezed onto the pets’ skin. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, approximately 44,000 potential cases were registered related to spot-on products safety and efficacy in 2008. These spot-on products are usually sold in vials or tubes and the active ingredients in these products include permethrin, pyriproxyfen, etofenprox, fipronil, imidicloprid, cyphenothrin, amitraz and dinotefuron. The common adverse reactions associated with spot-on products are seizures, skin irritation and in some cases, it can lead to death. Flea & Tick Products Market: Regulatory Overview The regulatory authorities that are involved in the regulation of these pets flea and tick products include Animal & Veterinary – Food and Drug Administration and Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Among these, FDA is responsible for the regulation of animal drugs and the products to manage external parasites come in authority of EPA. Further, FDA needs to approve animal drugs before its commercialization in the market, whereas pesticides can be marketed only after its approval from EPA. In general, FDA regulates the flea and tick products that are administered orally or by injection. Thus, both the regulatory bodies work together to ensure the devotion of all the regulations and applicable laws. Flea & Tick Products Market: Key Drivers The global market for flea and tick products is expected to record a significant growth rate in next few years. The growth would be observed due to increasing number of indulgent pet parents, rising number of pets (cats and dogs) and increasing demand for premium pet services and products. Additionally, increasing number of pet-owning households and rising per capita disposable income of population further expected to accentuate the growth of this market. For an instance, according to the American Pet Product Association’s (APPA) national pet owner’s survey, the average amount of money that is spent on their pets for food is USD 250 annually and is expected increase in near future. Hence, increasing pet-owner’s spending on their pets subsequently would increase the demand for flea and tick products. Make an Enquiry@ http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/1850 Flea & Tick Products Market: Region-wise Outlook Geographically, North America accounts for the largest share of the flea and tick products market followed by the European region. The dominance of North America in this industry is mainly due to strong sales of pet products driven by pet owners ever more humanizing their products. Consequently, large number of new products and services are emerged in this market along with the number of pet stores to offer premium veterinary services. Moreover, presence of large number of market players in this region and increased focus of regulatory authorities such as FDA and EPA towards the health issues of pets further boosting the growth of this market. European flea and tick products market follows the North America market due to increasing number of pet-owning households and rising per capita disposable income. Flea & Tick Products Market: Key Players Major players operating in this market includes Farnam, Intervet, Inc., Virbac Animal Health, Inc., Sergeant’s Pet Care Products, Inc., Hartz Pet Products & Supplies, Wellmark International, Inc., Bayer Healthcare LLC, Phaeton Corporation, Merial Limited, Ecto Development Corporation, Pet Logic, LLC, Novartis Animal Health, Ceva Animal Health, LLC., Andrew M Martin Co. NV. Inc., and LoradoChem, Inc. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. The study is a source of reliable data on: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive landscape Technological breakthroughs Value chain and stakeholder analysis The regional analysis covers: North America (U.S. and Canada) Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others) Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg) Eastern Europe (Poland, Russia) Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia and New Zealand) Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, North Africa) The report has been compiled through extensive primary research (through interviews, surveys, and observations of seasoned analysts) and secondary research (which entails reputable paid sources, trade journals, and industry body databases). The report also features a complete qualitative and quantitative assessment by analyzing data gathered from industry analysts and market participants across key points in the industry’s value chain. A separate analysis of prevailing trends in the parent market, macro- and micro-economic indicators, and regulations and mandates is included under the purview of the study. By doing so, the report projects the attractiveness of each major segment over the forecast period. Browse Full Report With TOC@ http://www.mrrse.com/flea-tick-products-market Highlights of the report: A complete backdrop analysis, which includes an assessment of the parent market Important changes in market dynamics Market segmentation up to the second or third level Historical, current, and projected size of the market from the standpoint of both value and volume Reporting and evaluation of recent industry developments Market shares and strategies of key players Emerging niche segments and regional markets An objective assessment of the trajectory of the market Recommendations to companies for strengthening their foothold in the market About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/u/0/109558601025749677847/posts Linked in: https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Twitter: https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Layton, UTAH Reason #46 Why One Should Book a Gift Certificate at Amara Day Spa in Lehi (www.AmaraDaySpa.com) with Master Esthetician Taryn Korinne Is to Prevent Aging (Anti-Aging) with an „Amara Signature Facial” (SkinMedica & Glymed) Next PostNext Global Seasonings and Spices Market: Asia Pacific as Cream Regional Market Boasting Larger Production and Export, Finds TMR Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Flea & Tick Products Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/05/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) announces the addition of a new report titled „Flea & Tick Products Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024″. Flea and tick infestations, along with other intestinal parasites like heartworms are controlled primarily by using various pesticides. Request For Sample Report@ http://www.mrrse.com/sample/1850 Flea & Tick Products Market: Overview Ticks are known to be very harmful for pets and can cause transmitting diseases like Lyme disease. These pets can bring ticks into the human population and can cause illness from a tick bite. There are several repellents, insect killers and growth inhibitors are available commercially in the market to protect pets from flea and tick bites. Some of these products are exclusively available at a veterinarian’s and other products are available over the counter. The products to protect pets from flea and tick bites include oral pills, sprays, spot-ons, powders, shampoos and other liquid products that are squeezed onto the pets’ skin. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, approximately 44,000 potential cases were registered related to spot-on products safety and efficacy in 2008. These spot-on products are usually sold in vials or tubes and the active ingredients in these products include permethrin, pyriproxyfen, etofenprox, fipronil, imidicloprid, cyphenothrin, amitraz and dinotefuron. The common adverse reactions associated with spot-on products are seizures, skin irritation and in some cases, it can lead to death. Flea & Tick Products Market: Regulatory Overview The regulatory authorities that are involved in the regulation of these pets flea and tick products include Animal & Veterinary – Food and Drug Administration and Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Among these, FDA is responsible for the regulation of animal drugs and the products to manage external parasites come in authority of EPA. Further, FDA needs to approve animal drugs before its commercialization in the market, whereas pesticides can be marketed only after its approval from EPA. In general, FDA regulates the flea and tick products that are administered orally or by injection. Thus, both the regulatory bodies work together to ensure the devotion of all the regulations and applicable laws. Flea & Tick Products Market: Key Drivers The global market for flea and tick products is expected to record a significant growth rate in next few years. The growth would be observed due to increasing number of indulgent pet parents, rising number of pets (cats and dogs) and increasing demand for premium pet services and products. Additionally, increasing number of pet-owning households and rising per capita disposable income of population further expected to accentuate the growth of this market. For an instance, according to the American Pet Product Association’s (APPA) national pet owner’s survey, the average amount of money that is spent on their pets for food is USD 250 annually and is expected increase in near future. Hence, increasing pet-owner’s spending on their pets subsequently would increase the demand for flea and tick products. Make an Enquiry@ http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/1850 Flea & Tick Products Market: Region-wise Outlook Geographically, North America accounts for the largest share of the flea and tick products market followed by the European region. The dominance of North America in this industry is mainly due to strong sales of pet products driven by pet owners ever more humanizing their products. Consequently, large number of new products and services are emerged in this market along with the number of pet stores to offer premium veterinary services. Moreover, presence of large number of market players in this region and increased focus of regulatory authorities such as FDA and EPA towards the health issues of pets further boosting the growth of this market. European flea and tick products market follows the North America market due to increasing number of pet-owning households and rising per capita disposable income. Flea & Tick Products Market: Key Players Major players operating in this market includes Farnam, Intervet, Inc., Virbac Animal Health, Inc., Sergeant’s Pet Care Products, Inc., Hartz Pet Products & Supplies, Wellmark International, Inc., Bayer Healthcare LLC, Phaeton Corporation, Merial Limited, Ecto Development Corporation, Pet Logic, LLC, Novartis Animal Health, Ceva Animal Health, LLC., Andrew M Martin Co. NV. Inc., and LoradoChem, Inc. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. The study is a source of reliable data on: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive landscape Technological breakthroughs Value chain and stakeholder analysis The regional analysis covers: North America (U.S. and Canada) Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others) Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg) Eastern Europe (Poland, Russia) Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia and New Zealand) Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, North Africa) The report has been compiled through extensive primary research (through interviews, surveys, and observations of seasoned analysts) and secondary research (which entails reputable paid sources, trade journals, and industry body databases). The report also features a complete qualitative and quantitative assessment by analyzing data gathered from industry analysts and market participants across key points in the industry’s value chain. A separate analysis of prevailing trends in the parent market, macro- and micro-economic indicators, and regulations and mandates is included under the purview of the study. By doing so, the report projects the attractiveness of each major segment over the forecast period. Browse Full Report With TOC@ http://www.mrrse.com/flea-tick-products-market Highlights of the report: A complete backdrop analysis, which includes an assessment of the parent market Important changes in market dynamics Market segmentation up to the second or third level Historical, current, and projected size of the market from the standpoint of both value and volume Reporting and evaluation of recent industry developments Market shares and strategies of key players Emerging niche segments and regional markets An objective assessment of the trajectory of the market Recommendations to companies for strengthening their foothold in the market About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/u/0/109558601025749677847/posts Linked in: https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Twitter: https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Layton, UTAH Reason #46 Why One Should Book a Gift Certificate at Amara Day Spa in Lehi (www.AmaraDaySpa.com) with Master Esthetician Taryn Korinne Is to Prevent Aging (Anti-Aging) with an „Amara Signature Facial” (SkinMedica & Glymed) Next PostNext Global Seasonings and Spices Market: Asia Pacific as Cream Regional Market Boasting Larger Production and Export, Finds TMR Search Recent Posts Austin, TX Author Publishes Religious Motivational Book San Antonio, TX Author Publishes Coming Home Memoir Bloomington, IL Author Publishes Spiritual Awakening Book Seattle, WA Authors Publish Children’s Book Kahului, HI Author Publishes Final Book in Trilogy Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News By 2020, Vaccine Market to Record an Impressive Growth $59.20 Bn Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 04/05/2017 — Zion Market Research has published a new report titled „Vaccine Market by Technology (Inactivated, Subunit, Conjugate, Live Attenuated, Toxoid, and Dendritic Cell Synthetic), Type (Therapeutic, Preventive), Indication (Allergy, Infectious Disease, Tumors and Others) for Infants, Early Aged, and Post Aged: Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2014 – 2020” According to the report, global demand for vaccine was valued at over USD 32.2 billion in 2014, is expected to reach above USD 59.2 billion in 2020 and is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of slightly above 11.0% between 2015 and 2020. Vaccination is the process of injecting, or oral vaccine ingestion to stimulate the immune system of individual. Vaccine is made up of inactive, partially killed or dead microbes, to activate the immune system against the particular microbe and produce antibodies against it. Vaccination influences immune system to attack on the microbe. The antigen stimulates the immune system to identify threat, destroy and memorize, so that if the same microbe is occurred later it can be recognized and destroyed. Request Sample Report: http://bit.ly/1VijEWF Introduction of new vaccines for various diseases is escalating growth of the vaccine market. Also rise in frequency of diverse infectious diseases such as swine flu, influenza, Ebola, hepatitis, tuberculosis, diphtheria, meningococcal diseases, and pneumococcal diseases worldwide has increased the use of vaccines. Besides, the notable rise demand of the existing vaccines is predicted to enhance the growth of market. Government initiative to generate awareness among people for vaccination is also supporting the market growth. However, high maintenance, strict laws of regulatory and huge expense for development of new vaccines could pose challenge for the vaccine market. Government funding for R&D of new vaccines for diseases like HIV and cancer offers novel opportunity for vaccine market. Technological advancement in use of vaccine includes inactivated, subunit, conjugate, live attenuated, toxoid, dendritic cell and synthetic. Live attenuated is the recommended technology and accepted worldwide followed by inactivated technology. Two types of vaccine are therapeutic vaccine and preventive vaccine. Preventive vaccine was the leading type due to escalating awareness among people for prevention from various infections. Browse the full report at http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/vaccine-market-z53045 End users for the ingestion or injection of vaccine are infants, early aged and post aged group. Infants and early aged populace are vaccinated on large basis due to government initiative for protecting children from various diseases. The indication segment for vaccine includes allergy, infectious disease, and tumors among others. Infectious disease was one of the major indications due to increase in number of infectious and contiguous diseases globally. North America emerged as prominent regional market owing to rising government support for R&D of vaccines, growing company investments for vaccine research, and high occurrence of different diseases in this region. The vaccine market is segment into Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa, further divergence of region on the country level, which includes U.S., Germany, UK, France, China, Japan and India. Some of the prominent participants in vaccine market include Pfizer, CSL Limited, GlaxoSmithKline, plc, MedImmune LLC, Novartis AG, Sanofi Pasteur, Merck and Company, Johnson and Johnson and Emergent BioSolutions Inc. Do Inquiry before buying: http://bit.ly/2cy108V This report segments the vaccine market as follows: Vaccine Market: Technology Segment Analysis Inactivated Subunit Conjugate Live Attenuated Toxoid Dendritic Cell Synthetic Vaccine Market: Type Segment Analysis Therapeutic vaccine Preventive vaccine Vaccine Market: End user Segment Analysis Infants Early aged Post aged Vaccine Market: Indicatons Segment Analysis Allergy Infectious disease Tumors Others Vaccine Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America US Europe Germany France UK Asia Pacific China Japan India Latin America Brazil Middle East and Africa About Zion Market Research Zion Market Research is an obligated company. We create futuristic, cutting edge, informative reports ranging from industry reports, company reports to country reports. We provide our clients not only with market statistics unveiled by avowed private publishers and public organizations but also with vogue and newest industry reports along with pre-eminent and niche company profiles. Our database of market research reports comprises a wide variety of reports from cardinal industries. Our database is been updated constantly in order to fulfill our clients with prompt and direct online access to our database. Keeping in mind the client’s needs, we have included expert insights on global industries, products, and market trends in this database. Last but not the least, we make it our duty to ensure the success of clients connected to us—after all—if you do well, a little of the light shines on us. Contact US: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street,Suit #8138 Deerfield Beach,Florida 33442 United States Toll Free: +1-855-465-4651 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-386-310-3803 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Website: http://www.marketresearchstore.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious By 2021, Hepatitis C Drug Market to Generate Huge Revenue $27.63 Bn Next PostNext By 2020, Condom Market to Expand Their Businesses $1,563.95 Mn Search Recent Posts Pennsylvania Labor Leaders and Legislators Denounce ‘Right to Work’ Legislative Package as Anti-Working Class Fraud Body Weight Fluctuations Linked to More Deaths in People with Coronary Artery Disease Nanotechnology-based Medical Devices Market Analysis by Top Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply and Consumption Demand Analysis to 2021 Metal Laryngoscope Blade Market: Regional Industry Segment by Production, Consumption, Revenue and Growth Rate by 2021 SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Investing In Sito Mobile, Ltd.  To Contact The Firm Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News North America Porcine Vaccine Market: High Cost of Maintaining Cold Chains to Hinder Growth Porcine Vaccine Market For several decades, vaccination has remained one of the most important interventions for disease prevention among humans and animals. In veterinary medicine, vaccination has proven to be a boon for animal health. Diseases such as diarrhoea, swine influenza, porcine reproductive and respiratory virus (PRRSV), porcine circovirus associated disease (PCVAD), have been greatly reduced from spreading endemic in several cases. Some diseases such as foot and mouth disease and cholera high fever in swines have been significantly eliminated in North America with the help of vaccination. The market for porcine vaccine in the region is expected to exhibit healthy growth in the next few years as well. The rising demand for meat and gelatin and concerns regarding the rising pace of occurrence of zoonotic diseases will be the key factors driving the market in the near future. Transparency Market Research estimates that the North America porcine vaccine market will expand at a 5.3% CAGR from 2016 to 2024. As a result, the market, which valued at US$540.9 mn in 2015, will rise to US$926.2 mn by 2024. Read Full Report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/north-america-porcine-… In terms of the technology used to develop vaccines, the North America porcine vaccines market has been segmented into inactivated vaccines, live attenuated vaccines, recombinant vaccines, toxoid vaccines, DNA vaccines, and conjugate vaccines. Of these, the segment of inactivated vaccines dominated the market in 2015 and is expected to account for a 53.3% of the North America veterinary vaccine market in 2016. The segment is also expected to exhibit the most promising growth in the near future, expanding at a 6.7% CAGR over the period between 2016 and 2024. The segment of live attenuated vaccines will exhibit a strong 5.9% CAGR over the said period. Rise in the number of swine farms, rising prevalence of zoonotic disease, and increase in investments by key players are likely to drive the live attenuated vaccine segment. The DNA vaccine segment is projected to emerge as a high-growth segment owing to rise in demand and increase in R&D investments. DNA vaccines have shown excellent results in granting strong immunity against homologous infections and have a good score in terms of approval from regulatory bodies in the region. As a result, the demand for these vaccines is expected to rise at a healthy pace in the region over the forecast period. Download exclusive Sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The North America porcine vaccine market has been examined for two countries in the region: the U.S. and Canada. The U.S. market for porcine vaccines accounted for a larger 63% share in the North America market in 2015. The U.S. porcine vaccine market is expected to exhibit the most lucrative 6.6% CAGR over the period between 2016 and 2024. Factors such as well-established infrastructure in immunological research, high concentration of key players, highly organized farming structure, increased demand for animal protein, and rising expenditure on animal health by farm owners are attributed to the dominant share of the country in the North America market. The market in Canada is also anticipated to expand at a healthy, but comparatively lower CAGR of 5.8% from 2016 to 2024. Factors such as the rising prevalence of PRRS virus and PCV2 among herds and rising focus of key players on R&D activities for the development of effective vaccines will contribute to the growth prospects of the Canada porcine vaccines market in the near future. Moreover, export and import permits among contract manufacturers or distributer firms and low estimated cost of products are also expected to make the porcine vaccine market more popular in Canada. Some of the key players in the market are Bayer AG., Bimeda Animal Health, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Ceva Santé Animale, Merck & Co., Inc., Merial (Sanofi), Vetoquinol, Zoetis, Inc., Elanco (Eli Lilly and Company). About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia Pacific to Maintain Dominance in Global Hepatitis E Diagnostic Tests Market Next PostNext Mobile Phone Protective Cases Market in APAC Region Worth US$ 17.68 Bn by 2026 Search Recent Posts Up Close and Personal: Canon Announces New EF-S 35mm f/2.8 Macro IS STM Lens to Help Explore the Beauty of Macro Photography Capture High-Quality Memories With The New Canon PowerShot SX730 HS Digital Camera Malt Market Trends, Regulations And Competitive Landscape Outlook to 2026 Healthcare Analytics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Automated Storage and Retrieval Systems Market Revenue, Share, Growth, Size Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse There Is Value To Be Had With The Right Healthcare ETFs Todd Shriber, ETF Professor , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 05, 2017 8:32am   Comments Share: Related IHE Last Night's Election - A Series Of Fortunate Events For Big Pharma Looking For ETF Dogs That Will Hunt Related IBB ACA Repeal Efforts May Be 'Dead For Now' Fast Money Traders Share Their Picks After Tuesday's Rally After being the worst-performing sector in the S&P 500 last year, healthcare is rebounding nicely in 2017. With broader measures of the healthcare sector up about 9 percent year-to-date, however, investors should be selective when searching the sector for value opportunities. Of course, there are policy concerns for the healthcare sector, not the least of which include the effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act. However, the Republican effort to rollback the ACA could take months or even drag into next year. With 2018 being a mid-term election year, the idea could take a backseat as politicians seek reelection. In the meantime, healthcare is underowned by professional investors. The broader healthcare sector is attractively valued relative to broader gauges of global equities, but investors can find compelling value with industry exchange traded funds such as the iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals ETF (NYSE: IHE). See Also: Oppenheimer Bullish On Entire Biotech Sector “Is health care a buy? We think a selective approach is appropriate,” BlackRock said in a recent note. “Health care has a lower stock correlation than other sectors, reflecting variations in innovation cycles, drug patents and pipelines. That dynamic reinforces the importance of selecting winners and avoiding losers.” The $714.4 million IHE tracks the Dow Jones U.S. Select Pharmaceuticals Index and holds 40 stocks. IHE devotes about 26 percent of its combined weight to Dow components Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and Merck & Co. (NYSE: MRK). “Health care stocks have historically traded at a premium to the broader equity market, partly reflecting their growth characteristics and popularity as a source of income,” said BlackRock. “Yet today some sub-industries such as biotech sell at a discount. Many trade near the bottom of their historical valuation range.” Like the broader healthcare sector, pharmaceuticals stocks currently sport valuations against global equities that are at the lower end of historical averages. The same is true of biotechnology stocks. The iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF (NASDAQ: IBB), the largest biotech ETF, is up almost 10 percent year-to-date. Healthcare, the S&P 500's third-largest sector weight, is one of just three sectors expected to trade at a discount to the benchmark U.S. equity gauge this year. Posted-In: Biotech Long Ideas Sector ETFs Health Care Top Stories Trading Ideas ETFs General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (IHE + IBB) ACA Repeal Efforts May Be 'Dead For Now' Fast Money Traders Share Their Picks After Tuesday's Rally Fast Money Traders Share Their Picks After Dow Jones Records Longest Losing Streak In 6 Years Market Shakes As Republicans Accept Defeat On Healthcare Bill 'Spider-Man' Glenn King Hopes His Potential Stroke-Saving Arachnid Molecule Makes It To Market The Market In 5 Minutes View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on IHE Trending Recent 1 NBR, BVXV: 22 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 NMFC, RDHL: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 3 TWLO, AMZN: Trip Chowdhry: Twilio's Broken Fundamentals, P... 4 AGO, AMBC: Title III Restructuring For Puerto Rico Li... 5 WDC, INTC: March PC Shipments Exceed Forecas... 6 IBM, ATH: Benzinga's Top Upgra... 7 JOY, ISCA: Stocks To Watch... 1 DAL, LUV: Fast Money Traders Share Their Airlines Picks 2 SYT, INNL: Wall Street's M&A Chatter From April 4: Panera, Rent-A... 3 XRT, TIF: JPMorgan, Tiffany's, Time Warner, Retail ETF: Fast... 4 TSO: Dan Nathan Sees Unusual Options Activity In Tesoro 5 DIS, ULTA: Jim Cramer Weighs In On Ulta Beauty And Disney 6 XLK: Kevin Kelly's Technology ETF Trade 7 AMZN: Andrew Keene's Amazon Options Trade View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Argus Upgrades Wynn Resorts To Buy, Praises The Wynn Palace In Macau
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska NGM Bio To Present Phase 2 Data Of NGM282 In NASH At International Liver Congress 2017 News provided by NGM Bio Apr 05, 2017, 08:03 ET Share this article SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., April 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- NGM Bio, a research-driven biotechnology company that translates powerful biology into transformative medicines, today announced that new data from the company's lead product candidate, NGM282, will be presented in oral and poster presentations at The International Liver Congress 2017, hosted by the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) to be held April 19-23, 2017 in Amsterdam. Dr. Stephen A. Harrison, M.D., Medical Director of Pinnacle Clinical Research and Visiting Professor of Hepatology at the Radcliffe Department of Medicine at the University of Oxford, UK, will present results from NGM Bio's exploratory Phase 2 trial of NGM282 in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) on Saturday, April 22nd at the oral late-breaker session. Patients with biopsy-confirmed NASH treated with NGM282 for 12 weeks showed rapid and highly significant reductions in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) measures of liver fat content and serum biomarkers of liver function and fibrosis. NGM Bio will also present a poster outlining the mechanism by which the human hormone FGF19 induces hepatocellular carcinoma in rodents, as well as in vitro and in vivo evidence that this signaling mechanism was engineered out of NGM282. A second poster will present nonclinical and clinical data demonstrating that NGM282-induced increases in serum LDL cholesterol were rapidly and completely mitigated by co-administration of a statin while maintaining the efficacy of NGM282. Details on the oral and poster presentations are as follows: Oral Presentation Title: NGM282, a novel variant of FGF19, significantly reduces hepatic steatosis and key biomarkers of NASH: results of a Phase 2, multicenter, randomized, double-blinded, placebo controlled trial in biopsy-confirmed NASH patients Session: Late Breaker Session, Abstract LBO-07 Authors: S.A. Harrison, M.F. Abdelmalek, J.F. Trotter, A.H. Paredes, H.L. Arnold, M. Kugelmas, M.R. Bashir, L. Ling, S.J. Rossi, A.M. DePaoli, M.E. Rinella, R.S. Loomba Date: Saturday, April 22, 2017 Time: 17:30 – 17:45 CEST View Abstract (pdf) Poster Presentations Title: Activation of IL-6/STAT3 signaling mediates FGF19-driven hepatocarcinogenesis Session: Liver tumours: Experimental and pathophysiology, Abstract FRI-104      Authors: L. Ling, M. Zhou, H. Yang, R.M. Learned, S.J. Rossi, A.M. DePaoli, H. Tian Date: Friday, April 21, 2017 Time: Guided poster tour with Professor Tom Lüedde, RWTH Aachen University, 11:00 - 11:30 CEST View Abstract (pdf) Title: Serum cholesterol changes associated with NGM282 treatment in obese insulin resistant cynomolgus monkeys are reversed with either a statin or a PCSK9 inhibitor Session: Fatty liver disease: Experimental and pathophysiology, Abstract FRI-353 Authors: J. Luo, B. Ko, X. Ding, S.J. Rossi, A.M. DePaoli, H. Tian Date: Friday, April 21, 2017 Time: Oral ePoster presentation by Jian Luo, Ph.D., NGM Bio at 12:30 – 13:30 CEST View Abstract (pdf) Additional information about the congress can be found on The International Liver Congress website. About NGM282 in NASH NGM282 is a non-tumorigenic, engineered variant of the human hormone FGF19 that dramatically reduces liver fat content and improves liver function by targeting multiple pathogenic pathways of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). NGM has generated robust preclinical and early clinical evidence supporting NGM282's ability to significantly improve steatosis, inflammation and fibrosis. This wholly-owned, single-agent therapeutic has the potential to resolve NASH rapidly, completely and across a broad spectrum of patients. About NGM Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. NGM Bio is a research-driven biotechnology company committed to discovering and developing novel biologics for the treatment of life-threatening diseases. NGM Bio's portfolio consists of multiple programs in clinical testing and more than a dozen additional programs in various stages of preclinical development. The company's most advanced compound, NGM282, is a wholly-owned asset that has completed a Phase 2 trial in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and is being evaluated in a Phase 2 trial for the treatment of primary sclerosing cholangitis. NGM Bio has established a broad strategic collaboration with Merck. NGM Bio is backed by The Column Group, Merck, Prospect Ventures, Topspin Partners, Rho Ventures, Tichenor Ventures and other leading investors around the world. For more information, please visit www.ngmbio.com. Contacts: Jeff Jonker President NGM Biopharmaceuticals 650-243-5558 jjonker@ngmbio.com Pam Lord Canale Communications 619-849-6003 pam@canalecomm.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ngm-bio-to-present-phase-2-data-of-ngm282-in-nash-at-international-liver-congress-2017-300434888.html SOURCE NGM Bio Related Links http://www.ngmbio.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: NGM Bio To Present Phase 2 Data Of NGM282 In NASH At International Liver Congress 2017 News provided by NGM Bio Apr 05, 2017, 08:03 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Global HPV Therapeutic Vaccines Market (2015-2023) – Grow Pricing, Features, Reviews & Comparison of Alternatives Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 04/05/2017 — Latest industry research report on Human papilloma virus (HPV) vaccines are used to protect against HPV infections. They are sexually transmitted through skin and mucous of the infected person. Sexually transmitted HPV infection can be categorized as low-risk HPVs and high-risk HPVs. Low-risk HPV causes skin warts around genitals, anus, mouth, or throat, and could lead to respiratory papillomatosis; whereas, high-risk HPV causes cancer such as cervical, anal, oropharyngeal cancers, and other rarer cancers. In the U.S., the incidence of genital HPV infections is approximately 14 million per year. HPV vaccination is used to prevent and reduce the risk of HPV infection. Increasing incidence of HPV is the major driving factor of the world HPV therapeutic vaccines market. Get Free Sample Report Of Human papilloma virus (HPV) Market @ http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/world-hpv-therapeutic-vaccines-market-opportunities-and-71742#RequestSample Currently, there are three FDA approved HPV vaccines available in the market, namely, Gardasil, Gardasil 9, and Cervarix. These vaccines are effective in preventing infections caused by two high-risk HPVs (HPV types 16 and 18), which are responsible for causing about 70% of cervical cancers. Rising incidence of HPV infections and growing concerns related to sexually transmitted diseases are expected to propel the market growth. Conversely, low adoption rate and stringent regulatory policies requiring long-term studies of vaccines and their efficacies hinder the market growth. On July 2016, China Food and Drug Administration has allowed pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline plc to sell Cervarix in China, thereby allowing the company to expand its market.Major players operating in this market are Merck & Co., Inc. manufacturing Gardasil and Gardasil 9 and GlaxoSmithKline plc which manufactures Cervarix. Do Inquiry To Buy Report Of Human papilloma virus (HPV) Market @ http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/world-hpv-therapeutic-vaccines-market-opportunities-and-71742#InquiryForBuying HPV THERAPEUTIC VACCINES MARKET SEGMENTS: By Adjuvants Bivalent HPV Vaccine Quadrivalent HPV Vaccine By Geography North America U.S. Canada Mexico Europe Germany U.K. France Others Asia-Pacific Japan China India Others LAMEA Brazil South Africa UAE Others About Market research Store Market Research Store is a single destination for all the industry, company and country reports. We feature large repository of latest industry reports, leading and niche company profiles, and market statistics released by reputed private publishers and public organizations. Market Research Store is the comprehensive collection of market intelligence products and services available on air. We have market research reports from number of leading publishers and update our collection daily to provide our clients with the instant online access to our database. With access to this database, our clients will be able to benefit from expert insights on global industries, products, and market trends. Contact Us: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street, Suite #8138, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442, USA USA Tel: 386-310-3803 GMT Tel: +49-322 210 92714 USA/Canada Toll Free No. 855-465-4651 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Web: http://www.marketresearchstore.com/ TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Who Murdered Muchmusic Next PostNext Global Treadmill Market 2016: Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Search Recent Posts Austin, TX Author Publishes Religious Motivational Book San Antonio, TX Author Publishes Coming Home Memoir Bloomington, IL Author Publishes Spiritual Awakening Book Seattle, WA Authors Publish Children’s Book Kahului, HI Author Publishes Final Book in Trilogy Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Today: April 6, 2017, 9:04 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Health "CountryFocus: Healthcare, Regulatory and Reimbursement Landscape - France" Published Fast Market Research recommends "CountryFocus: Healthcare, Regulatory and Reimbursement Landscape - France" from GlobalData, now available PR-Inside.com: 2017-04-05 12:45:47 GlobalData, the industry analysis specialist, has released its latest report, “CountryFocus: Healthcare, Regulatory and Reimbursement Landscape - France”. This report is an essential source of information on analysis of the healthcare, regulatory and reimbursement landscape in France. It identifies the key trends in the country’s healthcare market and provides insights into its demographic, regulatory, and reimbursement landscape and healthcare infrastructure. Most importantly, the report provides valuable insights into the trends and segmentation of its pharmaceutical and medical device markets. It uses data and information sourced from proprietary databases, secondary research, and in-house analysis by GlobalData’s team of industry experts. Full Report Details at - www.fastmr.com/prod/1272286_countryfocus_healthcare.aspx?afid=70 .. The population of France in 2016 was 64.6 million, which increased gradually from 62.5 million in 2009. The French National Authority for Health (Haute Autorité de Santé or HAS) and the Commission for Economic Evaluation and Public Health (Commission d’Évaluation Économique et de Santé Publique; CEESP) started an economic evaluation in October 2013, for the assessment or reassessment of drugs and medical devices under certain circumstances. In 2016, the government spent 11.6% of GDP on healthcare expenditure and exported $29.4 billion of pharmaceutical products. The pharmaceutical market in France was worth $35.59 billion in 2016, with a growth in generic drugs market. The volume of generic drug market increased from 23.6% in 2009 to 36.3% in 2016. The medical device market was valued at $18.2 billion in 2016 and is projected to grow at a CAGR of 4% to $22.5 billion by 2021. These positive growth trends can be primarily attributed to - * An increasingly elderly population * Universal health coverage * Government initiatives Report Scope The report provides information on the healthcare, regulatory, and reimbursement landscape in France, and includes - * An overview of the pharmaceutical and medical device markets, comprising market size, segmentation, and key drivers and barriers * Profiles and SWOT analyses of the major players in the pharmaceutical market: Novartis, Sanofi, Pfizer, Merck & Co. and Mylan; and profiles and SWOT analyses of the major players in the medical device market: B. Braun Melsungen, Medtronic, Roche, Johnson & Johnson and GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) * An insightful review of the reimbursement and regulatory landscape, with analysis covering details of the country’s healthcare reimbursement process, regulatory agencies and the approval processes for new drugs and medical devices * Detailed analysis of the country’s political and economic environment, covering economic indicators, demographics, healthcare infrastructure and healthcare expenditure * An overview of the opportunities for and challenges to growth in the French healthcare market Reasons to Get this Report This report will enhance your decision-making capability by allowing you to - * Develop business strategies by understanding the trends shaping and driving French healthcare market * Drive revenues by understanding the key trends, reimbursement and regulatory policies, pharmaceutical market segments and companies likely to impact France’s healthcare market in the future * Formulate effective sales and marketing strategies by understanding the competitive landscape and analyzing competitors’ performance * Organize your sales and marketing efforts by identifying the market categories and segments that present the most opportunities for consolidation, investment and strategic partnership About GlobalData GlobalData is a leading provider of global business intelligence including market, competitor, product and customer information. It provides in-depth research, analysis, data and forecasts through a range of interactive online databases, reports and management briefings. GlobalData has a large team of experienced research and analysis, consulting, and marketing experts. It has a global presence, including key offices in the US, Europe and Asia. The group has over 50 years of experience of delivering market intelligence data and analysis and a highly experienced senior management team. View more research from GlobalData at www.fastmr.com/catalog/publishers.aspx?pubid=1015&afid=701 About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world's top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156 (1.413.485.7001 Int'l) Press Information Published by Bill Thompson 18008448156 e-mail www.fastmr.com # 699 Words Related Articles More From The Author Market Report, "Ultrasound Systems - South America [..] Ultrasound systems are widely used to achieve early detection and clinical assessment, providing non- radioactive, cost-effective diagnostic [..] Just Published: "Q1 2017 Global Bid Round [..] Globally nine bid rounds are due to close in Q1 2017. The bid due dates of the rounds - Egypt's [..] Metal and Material Production and Processing plants [..] This report is the result of Timetric’s extensive market research covering the metal and material production and processing plants [..] "Companion Diagnostic Tests in Oncology - 5EU [..] Companion diagnostics is synonymous with personalized, stratified, and precision medicine, and heralds a new era of treatment in [..] New Report Available: Breath Fresheners (Non-Confectionery) (Oral [..] "Breath Fresheners (Non-Confectionery) (Oral Hygiene) Market in Europe - Outlook to 2020: Market Size, Growth and Forecast Analytics" [..]   More From Health Ultrasounds can decrease bone density Prolonged prenatal ultrasound exposure leads to decreased bone density and strength in young rabbits. Selangor, Malaysia, Mar [..] Frost & Sullivan independent industry report identifies [..] PERTH, W. AUSTRALIA, Mar 28, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Proteomics International Laboratories Ltd (PILL; ASX:PIQ) is the leader in [..] New dynamics in monitoring diagnostics in leukemia Dresden/Germany Diagnosis leukemia and stem cell transplantation The diagnosis "leukemia" for patients means to undergo [..] PromarkerD Predictive Diagnostics for DKD to Roll-out [..] PERTH, AUSTRALIA, Mar 22, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Proteomics International Laboratories Ltd ('PILL'; ASX: PIQ), a world leader [..] Do Prostalgene Drops Help To Restore Prostate [..] Prostate enlargement is among the most common health problems for men over 50. With age the incidence of this condition [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Corporate News   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share INNL To Be Acquired, ELGX Seeks Funds, Opdivo At FDA Altar Again, NLNK Abuzz 4/5/2017 2:28 AM ET Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.'s (BMY) supplemental Biologics License Application seeking to extend the use of Opdivo in previously treated mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) or microsatellite instability high (MSI-H) metastatic colorectal cancer patients has been accepted for priority review by the FDA. The FDA's decision is slated for August 2, 2017. Opdivo is already approved for the treatment of advanced melanoma, advanced non-small cell lung cancer, advanced renal cell carcinoma, classical Hodgkin lymphoma, advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck, and urothelial carcinoma. Global sales of Opdivo in 2016 were $3.77 billion, up from $942 million in 2015. BMY closed Tuesday's trading at $54.14, down 0.15%. Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc.'s (CRVS) interim safety and efficacy results from its ongoing Phase 1/1b study has demonstrated that treatment with its drug candidate CPI-444 as a single agent and in combination with Genentech's approved cancer immunotherapy Tecentriq was well tolerated and resulted in anti-tumor activity in patients with multiple types of advanced solid tumors, including those resistant or refractory to prior treatment with anti-PD-1 or anti-PD-L1 antibodies. According to the interim efficacy results, which was based on 96 patients, disease control was observed in 38 percent of those receiving CPI-444 as a single agent and in 39% of those receiving the combination. Read more: Gainers & Losers Of Apr.4: INNL, BNTC, PRTK, CRVS, STDY... CRVS closed Tuesday's trading at $10.36, down 49.98%. In after-hours, the stock was up 6.18% to $11.00. Endologix Inc. (ELGX) has sought from Deerfield Management up to $170 million in funding through a $120 million six-year secured term loan and a $50 million three-year secured asset-based revolving line of credit. Under the term loan, Deerfield provided Endologix with $120 million of gross proceeds in funding. Endologix estimates that the net proceeds from the term loan will be $113 million, after deducting estimated transaction expense. At the closing of the term loan, the Company issued Deerfield warrants to purchase up to 6.47 million shares of its common stock at an exercise price of $9.23 per share. ELGX closed Tuesday's trading at $6.66, down 7.24%. Gurnet Point L.P., a healthcare investment fund, has entered into an agreement to acquire Innocoll Holdings plc (INNL) Innocoll is to be acquired for $1.75 per share in cash, and up to $4.90 in cash from a contingent value right, for a total potential per share value of up to $6.65 or up to approximately $209 million in aggregate. Last month, Innocoll confirmed that it is in discussions which may or may not lead to an offer for the entire issued share capital of the Company. INNL closed Tuesday's trading at $1.82, up 42.19%. In after-hours, the stock was up 62.09% to $2.95. Shares of NewLink Genetics Corp. (NLNK) were down more than 9% on Tuesday after reporting interim phase II results of its drug candidate Indoximod in combination with Merck's FDA-approved Keytruda in patients with advanced melanoma. According to the trial results, patients who received the combination of Indoximod plus Keytruda demonstrated a 52% objective response rate (ORR) and a 73% disease control rate (DRR). While the Company said that results are robust, investors are of the view that it was not a meaningful benefit compared to Incyte's (INCY) investigational melanoma drug Epacadostat. In a phase I trial, which evaluated the safety and efficacy of Epacadostat in combination with Keytruda in advanced melanoma patients, the objective response rate was 58% and disease control rate was 74%. NLNK closed Tuesday's trading at $20.79, down 9.96%. Shares of OHR Pharmaceutical Inc. (OHRP) were down more than 18% in extended trading on Tuesday after it announced a proposed public offering of common stock and warrants. OHRP closed Tuesday's trading at $0.77, down 4.94%. In after-hours, the stock was down 18.18% to $0.63. Spark Therapeutics (ONCE) will present updated interim data from its phase 1/2 clinical trial of SPK-9001 for hemophilia B on Friday, April 7 from 5:15-6:15 p.m. MST. ONCE closed Tuesday's trading at 51.88 down 0.90%. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Ten Largest Economies In Africa Street on Job Watch After March Rate Hike Experience Pays: The 10 Oldest CEOs at Fortune 500 companies Previous Story Next Story Corporate News ARLZ Hands Out Pink Slips, JAZZ On A High Note, STDY On Track, TENX Abuzz Hudson's Bay Struggling Along With Other Retailers Amazon Will Reimburse Parents For Kids' In-app Purchases Pepsi Uses 'Black Lives Matter' To Hawk Its Soda Pop Mortgage Applications Fall In Seller's Market Swedish Company Implants Employees With Microchips Monsanto Q2 Profit Beats Estimates; Updates Outlook IRS To Use Private Debt Collectors Yahoo Name Will Continue Under Verizon's Oath Brand Gainers & Losers Of Apr.4: INNL, BNTC, PRTK, CRVS, STDY... Richmond Fed's Lacker Quits After Leaking QE3 Details Internet Privacy Is Dead As Trump Signs Away Protections Famous Diamond Sold For Record $71.2 Million Acuity Brands Inc Earnings Fall 2% In Q2 International Speedway Corp Earnings Rise 4% In Q1 <<Previous        38 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Bristol-Myers Says CheckMate -143 Fails To Meet Primary Endpoint PICI, Bristol-Myers, CRI Collaborate To Accelerate Immuno-Oncology Research Bristol-Myers, CytomX Extend Deal To Find Probody Therapeutics To Treat Cancer Bristol-Myers To Participate In Barclays Health Care Conference At 8:30 AM ET Bristol-Myers To Present At Cowen & Company Conference; Webcast At 2:00 PM ET Trade BMY now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Hudson's Bay Struggling Along With Other Retailers Amazon Will Reimburse Parents For Kids' In-app Purchases Pepsi Uses 'Black Lives Matter' To Hawk Its Soda Pop Warren Buffett Appears On Cherry Coke Cans In China Mortgage Applications Fall In Seller's Market Swedish Company Implants Employees With Microchips Monsanto Q2 Profit Beats Estimates; Updates Outlook IRS To Use Private Debt Collectors Yahoo Name Will Continue Under Verizon's Oath Brand Richmond Fed's Lacker Quits After Leaking QE3 Details Internet Privacy Is Dead As Trump Signs Away Protections Uber Uses Psychology To Influence Drivers FDA Nod For TEVA, Cheers For PRTK, SRNE Hits Goal, SNY Launches Kids Toothpaste Famous Diamond Sold For Record $71.2 Million New 52-week Highs On Nasdaq Gainers & Losers Of Apr.4: INNL, BNTC, PRTK, CRVS, STDY... INNL To Be Acquired, ELGX Seeks Funds, Opdivo At FDA Altar Again, NLNK Abuzz Gainers & Losers Of The Day: CYCC, NVCR, STDY, ACOR, OREX... Setback For ACOR In Ampyra Suit, EARS Put On Notice, STDY On Steady Rise Uber Uses Psychology To Influence Drivers Bunzl Plc Buys Two Safety Businesses - Quick Facts Drax Group Says Successful In Bid To Buy Louisiana Pellets Assets For $35.4 Mln Swedish Company Implants Employees With Microchips Provident Financial Provides Medium-term Guidance Toshiba To Acquire ENGIE's 40% Stake In NuGen - Quick Facts Bunzl Plc Buys Two Safety Businesses - Quick Facts Schneider Electric Reportedly Nears Deal To Sell DTN For $1 Bln FDA Nod For TEVA, Cheers For PRTK, SRNE Hits Goal, SNY Launches Kids Toothpaste Drax Group Says Successful In Bid To Buy Louisiana Pellets Assets For $35.4 Mln Tesla Delivers Record 25,000 Vehicles In Q1 Dart Sees FY17 Profit Above Market, FY18 Profit In Line With Estimates; Stock Up Spotify's Deal With Universal Includes Paywall For New Releases EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of A. Schulman Inc. Q2 Earnings Report CIT Completes $10.4 Bln Sale Of Commercial Aircraft Leasing Business To Avolon Imagination Shares Plunges As Apple Pulls Out Of Supply Deal Porsche Automobil Announces Change In Shareholder Structure Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News X-Ray Study Reveals Long-Sought Insights Into Potential Drug Target X-ray studies done in part at the Department of Energy’s SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory have produced surprising insights into the workings of a hormone receptor associated with blood pressure regulation. Researchers believe it could be a target for new medicines related to cardiovascular conditions, neuropathic pain and tissue growth. Using powerful X-rays from SLAC’s Linac Coherent Light Source (LCLS) and Argonne National Laboratory’s Advanced Photon Source (APS), scientists discovered new structural details of an angiotensin II receptor called AT2 that has puzzled researchers for two decades. It is one of two angiotensin II receptors, and its partner, AT1, has been successfully used as a target for high blood pressure medications. The information they uncovered could give drug developers a new path for compounds that combat pain and inflammation or promote tissue regeneration by docking snugly into a pocket in AT2. „Unlike its sibling AT1, the AT2 receptor has not been fully understood,” said Vadim Cherezov, chemistry professor at the University of Southern California and principal investigator of the study published today in Nature. „Through this study we uncovered many important details about the AT2 receptor structure and how it binds to chemical compounds, information that will stimulate further studies of the receptor’s function and could enable an exciting next step in drug discovery.” Two Receptors, Many Mysteries Both angiotensin II receptors, AT1 and AT2, are key components of a hormone system that helps regulate blood pressure and sodium levels in the blood. They are known as “membrane proteins” because they straddle the plasma membranes of cells, where they receive signals from hormones outside the cell and pass them along to soluble partners inside the cell, such as G proteins or β-arrestins, setting off a cascade of events that spread the signal cell-wide. Many hypertension medications currently on the market target the AT1 receptor because of its well-understood role in blood pressure regulation; they block AT1 to bring blood pressure down. Cherezov led earlier experiments at LCLS that provided structural details of receptor blockers bound to AT1. The AT2 receptor, on the other hand, is still an elusive drug target despite multiple studies of its function. Some, but not all, have shown it counteracts the effects of AT1; others point to its potential for tissue protection and regeneration; and still others suggest it could play a role in blocking pain. „There are no approved drugs yet that act on AT2 receptors, but pharmaceutical companies are actively working on developing compounds that will activate or block these receptors,” Cherezov said. „One such compound, called EMA401, is being tested in patients for the treatment of neuropathic pain.” In the latest study, Cherezov’s team set out to do two things: find out how AT2 differs from AT1, so they can find ways of selectively activating or blocking it; and better understand why AT2 – which like AT1 has all the classic features of a G-protein coupled receptor (GPCR) – fails to activate G-proteins, which spread signals inside cells, or interact with arrestin, which turns those signals off. Biology Under X-Ray Light In the experiments, the researchers looked at two different kinds of samples, which were formed into crystals for examination with X-rays. In one, the AT2 receptor was bound to a selective compound, one that binds only to AT2. These crystals were so small that they could only be studied at SLAC’s X-ray free-electron laser LCLS, where they were streamed across a beam of ultrafast X-ray pulses. In the other, a non-selective compound was bound to both AT1 and AT2. These samples, which formed larger crystals, were probed at Argonne’s APS synchrotron light source. APS and LCLS are DOE Office of Science User Facilities. Unexpected Outcomes The results of the experiments were surprising in several ways, according to Cherezov. First, although both compounds were designed to block and deactivate the receptors, they left AT2 in a state that appeared to be active. But on the inward-facing side of AT2, the site where a G-protein would normally bind and spread the signal was blocked. „This basically explains why these receptors do not activate G-proteins,” Cherezov said. „They are activated but self-inhibited.” In addition, although AT1 and AT2 were thought to be very similar, the pockets where the receptors bind to the compounds exhibited marked differences. „This is something we have never seen with GPCRs,” Cherezov said. „The idea was always that receptors that bind to the same compounds would have very similar pockets, so efforts to develop drugs that act on AT2 started with the same basic structures as drugs that act on AT1. Now we see that we may have to start with entirely different drug-like molecules that are tailored to fit the AT2 receptor, which could set the drug discovery process in a different direction.” SLAC staff scientist Mark Hunter said, „This kind of room-temperature measurement on interesting membrane protein targets is something that LCLS is well-suited to perform. Membrane proteins remain elusive targets for high-resolution structural studies, and researchers can spend many years trying to obtain crystals that are well ordered and large enough to use at conventional light sources.” Researchers from Zhejiang University in China; Merck & Co.; the Center for Free Electron Laser Science at the DESY lab in Germany; and Arizona State University also contributed to the study. The work was supported by the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation and the Helmholtz Association. LCLS and APS are funded by the DOE Office of Science. SLAC is a multi-program laboratory exploring frontier questions in photon science, astrophysics, particle physics and accelerator research. Located in Menlo Park, California, SLAC is operated by Stanford University for the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science. To learn more, please visit www.slac.stanford.edu. SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory is supported by the Office of Science of the U.S. Department of Energy. The Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States, and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time. For more information, please visit science.energy.gov. TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Predicting — and Preventing — Psychiatric Morbidity After ARDS Next PostNext Asia Pacific Cardiomyopathy Devices Market Consumption Analysis, Growth Forecast by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2022 Search Recent Posts Austin, TX Author Publishes Religious Motivational Book San Antonio, TX Author Publishes Coming Home Memoir Bloomington, IL Author Publishes Spiritual Awakening Book Seattle, WA Authors Publish Children’s Book Kahului, HI Author Publishes Final Book in Trilogy Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Immigration-Law-Rights Infosys Board has let down founders: Ex-Director Balakrishnan Syrian chemical attackers must face justice, says Italy Business Standard Constitution bench to examine judicial reliability of parliament panel report IANS  |  New Delhi  April 5, 2017 Last Updated at 23:38 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUsAPS ALSO READ UK Supreme Court says Parliament must vote on Brexit Kenya court orders parliament to pass gender quota Parliament did nothing to curb religion's misuse in polls: SC Turkey pro-Kurd party quits parliament over arrests Polish lawmakers occupy parliament in holiday protest The Supreme Court on Wednesday referred to a constitution bench whether the report of parliamentary standing committee could be relied upon during a judicial proceedings. Justice Dipak Misra and Justice Rohinton Fali Nariman said since it involved an important and substantial issue, "we think it appropriate to refer it to the constitution bench for its consideration". Framing the question for consideration by the constitution bench, the court said: "If it (parliamentary committee report) can be looked at for the purpose of reference, can there be restrictions regarding the area and arena in question?" The court also said that it can ask the government on the steps taken by its in pursuance to the report by the parliamentary committee but how could it look into the report. "Can this court, in our constitutional framework, get into the debate of parliament? Whatever is said by a parliamentary committee, there is a great doubt whether it is to be considered by this court." The matter was referred to the constitution bench as the bench felt that it might be crossing the "boundary of federal structure" if it relies on the report of parliamentary standing committee in a matter arising from a public interest litigation. The issue surfaced in the course of the hearing of a PIL by Kalpana Mehta on a Human Papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine that is used for preventing cervical cancer as senior counsel Colin Gonsalves, appearing for her, told the bench that it could look into the parliamentary committee report for examining the issue of drugs relating to HPV vaccine. At this the bench expressed its doubts whether it could issue mandamus on the basis of parliamentary committee report and brushed aside the reference of English law by the senior counsel, saying: "We cannot, should not and ought not follow the English law. Our constitution has a standalone position." Earlier the top court had asked the Central government to place before it the file as per which the Drug Controller approved two HPV vaccines used for preventing cervical cancer. Mehta has contended that the HPV vaccine were "unproven and hazardous", and that anomalies in its safety and efficacy were brought out by the various women groups and health groups from across the country that included a member of National Technical Advisory Group on Immunisation. The PIL petition has said that both the vaccines - Gardasil marketed by MSD Pharmaceutical Pvt Ltd and Cervarix by GlaxoSmithKline - were "licensed in India without sufficient clinical trials in appropriate age groups to determine their safety and efficacy". --IANS pk/vd (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Parliament | Court | News-ians | Immigration-law-rights PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements ad Organizational Change. MIT's Online Program Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Lead Organizations & Change Online Course from MIT Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Constitution bench to examine judicial reliability of parliament panel report The Supreme Court on Wednesday referred to a constitution bench whether the report of parliamentary standing committee could be relied upon during a judicial proceedings. The Supreme Court on Wednesday referred to a constitution bench whether the report of parliamentary standing committee could be relied upon during a judicial proceedings. Justice Dipak Misra and Justice Rohinton Fali Nariman said since it involved an important and substantial issue, "we think it appropriate to refer it to the constitution bench for its consideration". Framing the question for consideration by the constitution bench, the court said: "If it (parliamentary committee report) can be looked at for the purpose of reference, can there be restrictions regarding the area and arena in question?" The court also said that it can ask the government on the steps taken by its in pursuance to the report by the parliamentary committee but how could it look into the report. "Can this court, in our constitutional framework, get into the debate of parliament? Whatever is said by a parliamentary committee, there is a great doubt whether it is to be considered by this court." The matter was referred to the constitution bench as the bench felt that it might be crossing the "boundary of federal structure" if it relies on the report of parliamentary standing committee in a matter arising from a public interest litigation. The issue surfaced in the course of the hearing of a PIL by Kalpana Mehta on a Human Papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine that is used for preventing cervical cancer as senior counsel Colin Gonsalves, appearing for her, told the bench that it could look into the parliamentary committee report for examining the issue of drugs relating to HPV vaccine. At this the bench expressed its doubts whether it could issue mandamus on the basis of parliamentary committee report and brushed aside the reference of English law by the senior counsel, saying: "We cannot, should not and ought not follow the English law. Our constitution has a standalone position." Earlier the top court had asked the Central government to place before it the file as per which the Drug Controller approved two HPV vaccines used for preventing cervical cancer. Mehta has contended that the HPV vaccine were "unproven and hazardous", and that anomalies in its safety and efficacy were brought out by the various women groups and health groups from across the country that included a member of National Technical Advisory Group on Immunisation. The PIL petition has said that both the vaccines - Gardasil marketed by MSD Pharmaceutical Pvt Ltd and Cervarix by GlaxoSmithKline - were "licensed in India without sufficient clinical trials in appropriate age groups to determine their safety and efficacy". --IANS pk/vd (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Constitution bench to examine judicial reliability of parliament panel report The Supreme Court on Wednesday referred to a constitution bench whether the report of parliamentary standing committee could be relied upon during a judicial proceedings. Justice Dipak Misra and Justice Rohinton Fali Nariman said since it involved an important and substantial issue, "we think it appropriate to refer it to the constitution bench for its consideration". Framing the question for consideration by the constitution bench, the court said: "If it (parliamentary committee report) can be looked at for the purpose of reference, can there be restrictions regarding the area and arena in question?" The court also said that it can ask the government on the steps taken by its in pursuance to the report by the parliamentary committee but how could it look into the report. "Can this court, in our constitutional framework, get into the debate of parliament? Whatever is said by a parliamentary committee, there is a great doubt whether it is to be considered by this court." The matter was referred to the constitution bench as the bench felt that it might be crossing the "boundary of federal structure" if it relies on the report of parliamentary standing committee in a matter arising from a public interest litigation. The issue surfaced in the course of the hearing of a PIL by Kalpana Mehta on a Human Papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine that is used for preventing cervical cancer as senior counsel Colin Gonsalves, appearing for her, told the bench that it could look into the parliamentary committee report for examining the issue of drugs relating to HPV vaccine. At this the bench expressed its doubts whether it could issue mandamus on the basis of parliamentary committee report and brushed aside the reference of English law by the senior counsel, saying: "We cannot, should not and ought not follow the English law. Our constitution has a standalone position." Earlier the top court had asked the Central government to place before it the file as per which the Drug Controller approved two HPV vaccines used for preventing cervical cancer. Mehta has contended that the HPV vaccine were "unproven and hazardous", and that anomalies in its safety and efficacy were brought out by the various women groups and health groups from across the country that included a member of National Technical Advisory Group on Immunisation. The PIL petition has said that both the vaccines - Gardasil marketed by MSD Pharmaceutical Pvt Ltd and Cervarix by GlaxoSmithKline - were "licensed in India without sufficient clinical trials in appropriate age groups to determine their safety and efficacy". --IANS pk/vd (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Conjugate Vaccines Market 2021: Global Industry Analysis Report By Radiant Insights, Inc The conjugate vaccines section was projected to describe the biggest stake of the international market. Growing government backing for vaccine improvement and increasing company funds will motivate the development of this market section. Conjugate animal vaccine is a sort of subdivision vaccine wherein antigens are combined with transporter proteins. The vaccines presently in usage for kids in contradiction of pneumococcal bacteriological contaminations are prepared with this method. Conjugate vaccines are similarly utilized in contradiction of Hemophilic influenza type B (Hib). PedvaxHIB [Hemophilic b Conjugate Vaccine (Meningococcal Protein Conjugate)] and COMVAX [Hemophilic b Conjugate (Meningococcal Protein Conjugate)] are more or less sorts of conjugate vaccines. The important issues that are motivating the progress of the international market of Conjugate Vaccines comprise growing usage of conjugate vaccines for adults, increasing figure of governing appreciations for conjugate vaccines, growing occurrence of illnesses, and technical improvements. Yet, small availability towards vaccines in distant regions and difficult manufacture process of conjugate vaccine are likely to limit the progress of this market. Developing markets like China and India present a range of openings for this market. The area of North America controls the conjugate vaccines market. The U.S. is responsible for a main market stake. Yet, the Asia is composed to develop at the utmost CAGR in the prediction period due to the governmental resourcefulness, increasing concentration of main companies on the Indian market, and growing vaccination inventiveness by establishments like World Health Organization and GAVI in these areas. Read Complete Report With TOC: http://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-conjugate-vaccines-2021 The area of Europe is the rapidly developing market due to a much systematized livestock section. This progress is credited to its systematized livestock farmhouses and the enormous call for livestock products like food [Eggs, Milk, Meat, and its sub products] and non-food substances from the European populace. The call for livestock merchandises is great in European nations. The international market of the Conjugate Vaccines is largely categorized into know-how, sort, sickness sign, final consumers, and areas. As per the source of know-how, the vaccines market is segmented into conjugate vaccines, inactivated and subunit vaccines live attenuated vaccines, toxoid vaccines, and recombinant vaccines. The conjugate vaccines section was projected to describe the biggest stake of the international market in 2016. Growing government backing for vaccine improvement and increasing company funds will motivate the development of this market section. On the basis of sort of vaccines, the vaccines market is sectioned into monovalent vaccines and multivalent vaccines. The monovalent vaccines section is projected to justify for the biggest stake of this market. The big stake of the market is credited to growing occurrence of sicknesses and growing government and non-government inventiveness for vaccine R&D undertakings. Request A Sample Copy Of This Report at: http://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-conjugate-vaccines-2021/request-sample As per the sign of sickness, the vaccines market sections are influenza, tetanus, diphtheria and pertussis (DTP), pneumococcal disease, varicella, hepatitis, meningococcal disease, rotavirus, measles, mumps and rubella (MMR), polio, human papilloma virus (HPV) infection, and others. The pneumococcal sickness section was projected to describe the biggest stake of the international market in 2016. High occurrence of pneumococcal contaminations and the necessity for injections to avoid the sickness strengthens the progress of market of this section. Final consumers, comprised in the vaccines market are pediatrics and adults. The pediatrics section was expected to justify for the biggest stake of the international market in 2016. Increasing amount of alertness series to encourage vaccination has caused in the growing usage of vaccines for pediatrics. On the basis of geography, the vaccines market is ruled by North America, tracked by Europe, Asia, and the Rest of the World [RoW]. Progress in the section of North America is mainly pushed by government inventiveness for vaccination in contradiction of sicknesses like influenza and HPV in the North American nations. Some important companies that are working in the field of Conjugate Vaccines at the international level include Novartis AG, Neuron Biotech, Serum Institute of India, Pfizer, Inc., Sanofi Pasteur, Bharat Biotech, Biological E, GlaxoSmithKline, plc., Merck and Company, and CSL Limited. Explore Other Reports By Radiant Insights,Inc at: China Omeprazole Magnesium Industry- http://www.radiantinsights.com/research/china-omeprazole-magnesium-cas-95382-33-5-industry-2017 Europe Herbal Supplements and Remedies Industry- http://www.radiantinsights.com/research/europe-herbal-supplements-and-remedies-industry-2017 United States Ketorolac Industry- http://www.radiantinsights.com/research/united-states-ketorolac-industry-2017 About Radiant Insights,Inc Radiant Insights is a platform for companies looking to meet their market research and business intelligence requirements. We assist and facilitate organizations and individuals procure market research reports, helping them in the decision making process. We have a comprehensive collection of reports, covering over 40 key industries and a host of micro markets. In addition to over extensive database of reports, our experienced research coordinators also offer a host of ancillary services such as, research partnerships/ tie-ups and customized research solutions. Media Contact Company Name: Radiant Insights, Inc. Contact Person: Michelle Thoras, Corporate Sales Specialist – USA Email: Send Email Phone: (415) 349-0054, Toll Free: 1-888-202-9519 Address:28 2nd Street, Suite 3036 City: San Francisco State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-conjugate-vaccines-2021 TagsHealth & Medicine, News & Current Affairs, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, U.S., World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Laparoscopic Instruments Market: Industry Size, Share, Analysis and Forecast 2021 | Hexa Research Next PostNext Squalene Market Is Anticipated To Witness Growth At A Estimated CAGR of 9.2% from 2016 to 2024: Grand View Research, Inc. Search Recent Posts Phototherapy Equipment Market Volume Forecast and Value Chain Analysis 2016-2026 Medical Robots Market size and Key Trends in terms of volume and value 2016-2026 Global Heat Resistant Coatings Market Forecast and Opportunities, 2022 Surface Disinfectant Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2016-2026 CIFI achieved substantial contracted sales YoY growth of 110% in 1Q 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access The Heart of the Matter Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending Death mars Roche trial EU biosimilar first for Mundipharma Communiqué 2017 categories The beauty of customer experience US diabetes approval for AZ BMS closes in on colorectal cancer indication for Opdivo Gains US priority review to treat patients with dMMR or MSI-H colorectal cancer The FDA has awarded a priority review for Bristol-Myers Squibb's checkpoint inhibitor Opdivo as a second-line treatment for colorectal cancer, setting up a potential approval in early-August. BMS is seeking approval for Opdivo (nivolumab) in patients with two specific biomarkers metastatic colorectal cancer who have already been treated first-line with chemotherapy. The biomarkers - mismatch repair deficiency (dMMR) or microsatellite instability high (MSI-H) - occur in around 15% and 5% respectively of the 134,000 new cases of colorectal cancer diagnosed in the US every year. "These patients have a distinct unmet need, as they are less likely to benefit from conventional chemotherapy and have a shorter overall survival than patients with metastatic colorectal cancer without these biomarkers," commented BMS' gastrointestinal oncology lead Ian Waxman. "We look forward to working with the FDA towards the goal of providing a new treatment option for patients with metastatic colorectal cancer defined by dMMR or MSI-H biomarkers." The submission was based on data from the ongoing phase II CheckMate -142 trial evaluating Opdivo in patients with dMMR or MSI-H colorectal cancer, which was first presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) meeting last year. Follow-up data reported in February showed that after a median follow-up of more than seven months, 74% of these heavily pre-treated patients were still alive, with half of patients progression-free at 12 months. The results – which also included an objective response rate of 31% and disease stabilization in 69% of patients – have led to suggestions that Opdivo could become a new standard of care for this indication, according to an ASCO Post report. The news adds to a stream of positive developments for BMS' PD-1 inhibitor of late as it tries to put the drug back on course after last year's disappointing results in first-line non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Opdivo has just picked up a positive opinion in Europe for head and neck cancer, which showed a positive effect on survival in combination with BMS' Yervoy (ipilimumab) in patients with untreated advanced melanoma, and strong five-year survival data when given second-line for advanced NSCLC. For good measure, BMS has also signed an expanded agreement for combination studies of Opdivo with Incyte's IDO1 inhibitor epacadostat, including phase III pivotal trials in first-line NSCLC and first-line head and neck cancer due to start next year. Rival Merck & Co – which sells PD-1 inhibitor Keytruda (pembrolizumab) and stands to gain the most from Opdivo's first-line NSCLC miss - also signed a wide-ranging deal with Incyte to pair their drugs as initial therapy for a range of tumour types. There was one setback this week however, that shows once again - despite their promise - all will not be plain sailing for immuno-oncology drugs. Opdivo failed to improve survival compared to Roche's Avastin (bevacizumab) in glioblastoma multiforme, a hard-to-treat form of brain cancer. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 5th April 2017 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Novartis gets lung cancer OK for Tafinlar/Mekinist combo FDA approves Teva's Huntington's disease drug at second attempt AbbVie and J&J file first non-cancer use for Imbruvica with FDA Novartis files CAR-T therapy in US, with swift review Tesaro joins PARP parade with US approval of Zejula Related Hub content A stumble, but not a fall – what’s next for Opdivo? PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Principal Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Medical Writers - all levels Negotiable competitive benefits Editorial Director, Medical Communications Group £55, 000 – £70, 000+ benefits Account Director, Digital Healthcare Communications Agency £45, 000 – £55, 000 benefits Associate Director, Healthcare PR, London Competitive Salary Account Director, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Medical Writer in Advertising Agency £55, 000 – £65, 000 extra benefits Account Director – Digital Health & Wellbeing Agency Salary TBC Managing Director – Healthcare PR and Communications Agency – Lo... Neg Medical Writer/ Copywriter, Medcomms to Brandcomms, London Competitive Salary Account Manager, International Healthcare PR £32, 000 - £40, 000 Multi-Channel Manager, Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire AL7 1TW Competitive Salary Account Director – Healthcare PR/ Healthcare Policy Salary TBC European Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London, circa £200, 0... circa £200, 000 package Director, Scientific Services Negotiable competitive benfits Principal Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London. Competitive Senior Medical Writer – Medical Communications – Kent Salary TBC Project Executive – Digital Health & Wellbeing Agency Salary TBC Senior Project Manager Salary TBC Senior Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Managing Director Up to Interim Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Substantial remuneration Account Director, Medical Communications, Home Counties. Competitive Senior Project Manager, Creative Marketing, London up to £55K up to £55K Medical Writer/ Senior Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Highly Competitive package Principal Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent Package Principal Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London. Competitive Project Manager – Medical Communications – Surrey Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Roche sets disruptive price for new MS drug Ocrevus in US Merck confirms sale of biosimilar division Walmsley steps up to chief executive role at GSK Snapchat arrives at scientific meetings Pfizer keeps nose ahead of rivals with new Ibrance approval UK pharma strikes optimistic note as Brexit process begins Nitro Digital expands EMEA management team Makara Health Appoints Leslie Robertson as Director of Audience Engagement CASE STUDY: Creation of SRDs with Customer-centric Multimedia Content CASE STUDY: Copyediting Regulatory Documents for the Japanese Subsidiary of a Major Global Pharmaceutical Company CASE STUDY: Creation of Innovative SRDs for one of the Top 25 Global Pharmaceutical Companies to Enhance Customer Experience CASE STUDY: Modification of CERs for a Large Orthopedic Device Company PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Genetic Digital We help healthcare, pharma & medical device organisations use web and mobile technologies to effectively connect patients and healthcare professionals.... Latest intelligence CASE STUDY: Creation of SRDs with Customer-centric Multimedia Content Existing SRDs were enriched with multimedia content and versions were created in multiple languages for distribution among regional subsidiaries in the EU and Asia.... CASE STUDY: Copyediting Regulatory Documents for the Japanese Subsidiary of a Major Global Pharmaceutical Company The language quality of regulatory documents translated from Japanese to English was a major challenge for this Japanese subsidiary. Moreover, their Japanese CRO could not meet the global standards of... CASE STUDY: Creation of Innovative SRDs for one of the Top 25 Global Pharmaceutical Companies to Enhance Customer Experience We re-created over 100 SRDs across brands to make them more interactive for HCPs. Half of these SRDs were updated within 60 days.... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market : Scope Of The Report, Outlook And Opportunity Analysis 2016-2024 Global Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market: Scope of the Report This report on the clostridium vaccine (animal health) market studies the current as well as future prospects of the market globally. Health concern related to life threatening diseases are the major concerns in the developed and developing nations. This research report provides a detailed analysis of the clostridium vaccine (animal health) market and helps understand the various driving factors for the growth of the market. The market overview section analyzes market dynamics and trends such as drivers, restraints and opportunities that influence the current nature and future status of the market. Porter’s five forces analysis has been covered in terms of bargaining power of buyers and suppliers, threat of new entrants and substitutes, and competitive rivalry in the global clostridium vaccine (animal health) market. Market dynamics factors such as market attractiveness analysis have also been explained in order to deliver a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario of the global clostridium vaccine (animal health) market. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/clostridium-vaccine-ma… Global Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market: Segmentation The clostridium vaccine (animal health) market has been segmented by animal species, by distribution channel and by region. The animal species segment has been sub-segmented into bovine, ovine, caprine, swine, poultry and others. The distribution channel segment has been sub-segments into veterinary clinic, veterinary hospital, veterinary research institute and retail pharmacy. The executive summary provides detailed insights about the report and the market in general. This elaborate executive summary provides a glimpse into the present scenario of the global clostridium vaccine (animal health) market, which includes a market snapshot that provides overall information of various segments and sub-segments. The executive summary also provides overall information and data analysis of the global clostridium vaccine (animal health) market with respect to market segments based on animal species, distribution channel as well as geographic regions. The market for clostridium vaccine (animal health) has been extensively analyzed based on their usefulness, effectiveness, sales revenue and geographic presence. The market size and forecast in terms of US$ Mn for each animal species and distribution channel has been provided for the period from 2016 to 2024. This report on the clostridium vaccine (animal health) market also provides the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) for each market segment for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. Global Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market: Geographical and Competitive Dynamics Geographically, the clostridium vaccine (animal health) market has been segmented into five major regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East and Africa. The market size and forecast for each of these regions have been provided for the period from 2016 to 2024, along with CAGR (%) for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024. The research study also incorporates the competitive scenario in these regions. A list of recommendations has been provided for new entrants as well as existing players to help establish a strong presence in the market and increase market share. The report also profiles major players in the clostridium vaccine (animal health) market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, business strategies, product portfolio and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include Zoetis, Inc., Merck Animal Health, Sanofi-Aventis (Merial Animal Health), Boehringer Ingelheim, Eli Lilly and Company (Elanco Animal Healthcare), Vibrac Corporation, Bimeda, Inc., Ceva Sante Animale and Bayer AG. Fill The Form To Gain Deeper Insights On This Market @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The global clostridium vaccine (animal health) market is segmented as follows: • Global Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market Revenue, by Animal Species o Bovine o Ovine o Caprine o Swine o Poultry o Others • Global Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market Revenue, by Distribution Channel o Veterinary Clinic o Veterinary Hospital o Veterinary Research institute o Retail Pharmacy • Global Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market Revenue, by Geography o North America  US  Canada o Europe  Germany  France  Italy  Spain  UK  Rest of Europe o Asia Pacific  China  India  Australia  New Zealand  Rest of Asia Pacific o Latin America  Brazil  Mexico  Rest of Latin America o Middle East and Africa  Saudi Arabia  South Africa  Rest of Middle East & Africa About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Opioid Induced Constipation Treatment Providers to Look to Large Untapped Regions for Improved Sales Next PostNext Regarding a public call for tenders to install of the LNG regasification station in Druskininkai Search Recent Posts CMMI® Institute meldet Rekordwachstum im fünften Jahr in Folge CMMI® Institute Regista Quinto Ano Consecutivo de Crescimento Recorde Enviro-Serv, Inc. (EVSV: OTC Pink Current) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Teenaged Genius Juthawong Naisanguansee Introducing the Revolutionary Ampare Voice Sound Changer App iHeartCommunications, Inc. Announces Extension of Private Term Loan Offers Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News New Report Available: Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017 Boston, MA — (SBWIRE) — 04/05/2017 — Global Markets Direct’s latest Pharmaceutical and Healthcare disease pipeline guide Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) (Infectious Disease) pipeline landscape. Ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) is pneumonia that develops 48 hours or longer after mechanical ventilation is given by means of an endotracheal tube or tracheostomy. Ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) results from the invasion of the lower respiratory tract and lung parenchyma by microorganisms. The most important signs are fever, low body temperature, new purulent sputum, and hypoxemia (decreasing amounts of oxygen in the blood). Report Highlights Global Markets Direct’s Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) (Infectious Disease), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. Get More Details on this Report and a Full Table of Contents at Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017 The Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) (Infectious Disease) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 7, 7, 5, 11, 1 and 1 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Preclinical stages comprises 1 molecules, respectively. Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) (Infectious Disease) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Note: Certain content / sections in the pipeline guide may be removed or altered based on the availability and relevance of data. Report Scope -The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) (Infectious Disease). -The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) (Infectious Disease) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. -The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. -The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. -The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) (Infectious Disease) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. -The pipeline guide evaluates Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) (Infectious Disease) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. -The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. -The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) (Infectious Disease) Reasons to Get this Report -Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. -Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. -Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) (Infectious Disease). -Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. -Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. -Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. Companies Mentioned in this Report: Achaogen Inc, Adenium Biotech ApS, Aridis Pharmaceuticals LLC, AstraZeneca Plc, Bayer AG, Cardeas Pharma Corp, Destiny Pharma Ltd, Dong-A Socio Holdings Co Ltd, Lakewood-Amedex Inc, MedImmune LLC, Meiji Seika Pharma Co Ltd, Merck & Co Inc, Motif Bio Plc, Nabriva Therapeutics AG, Polyphor Ltd, Shionogi & Co Ltd, TGV-Inhalonix Inc, The Medicines Company, Theravance Biopharma Inc, Wockhardt Ltd, Zavante Therapeutics Inc About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world’s top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at http://www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156. Browse all Drug Pipeline research reports at Fast Market Research You may also be interested in these related reports: –Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) – Pipeline Review, H2 2016 –Hospital Acquired Pneumonia (HAP) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017 –Cognitive Impairment Associated With Schizophrenia (CIAS) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017 –Community Acquired Pneumonia – Pipeline Review, H1 2017 –Dementia – Pipeline Review, H1 2017 TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Market Report: Global Sedimentation and Centrifugation Market 2017-2021 Next PostNext New Report Available: Global Cornmeal Market 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Austin, TX Author Publishes Religious Motivational Book San Antonio, TX Author Publishes Coming Home Memoir Bloomington, IL Author Publishes Spiritual Awakening Book Seattle, WA Authors Publish Children’s Book Kahului, HI Author Publishes Final Book in Trilogy Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Genitourinary Drugs Market to Develop Rapidly by 2024 Genitourinary is a condition that deals with genital and urinary system. Genitourinary drugs are used to treat disorders related to kidney, ureters, bladder and urethra.  The diagnosis of the genitourinary system involves the entire urinary tract and male genital tract. Genitourinary infections may be communicable and caused by organisms such as bacteria or yeast. It is estimated that one in five women will suffer from urinary tract infection in her lifetime Antibiotics are the first line of treatment for urinary tract infections.  A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12706 Genitourinary cancers are cancer in the urinary system e.g. prostate cancer, ovarian cancer, bladder cancer and cervical cancer. Growing incidence of genitourinary disorder will drive genitourinary drug market. Many pipeline drugs are under development that will expand the scope in the next few years. Increased demand of generics, continual patent expiration and the presence of counterfeit drugs is expected to impede the global genitourinary drug market. Earlier, patients suffering from the genitourinary system were provided with steroids and immunosuppressant, but it caused serious side effects such as diarrhea, nausea, and vomiting. To overcome side effects biological drugs turned up that may cause fever only and are highly efficient in the treatment of genitourinary infections. As of January 2014, about 3 million men had a history of prostate cancer, 608,620 had urinary bladder cancer, and 244,110 testicular cancer survivors were in the US. It is estimated that by 2024, the population of cancer survivors will increase almost 19 million.  Technological advancement in genitourinary devices and rising concern about urinary health is anticipated to accelerate the growth of global genitourinary drug market. The global genitourinary drug market is segmented, by indication and product type. Based on the indication the global genitourinary drugs market is segmented into genitourinary cancer, kidney/renal cancer, ovarian cancer, bladder cancer, cervical cancer, prostate cancer, erectile dysfunction, urinary tract infections, sexually transmitted diseases, interstitial cystitis and others. Prostate cancer share is high in the indication segment. Therapeutics available for the treatment of prostate cancer are radiation therapy, immunotherapy, and anti-neoplastic agents. The increase in the survival rate, limited adverse effects are the factors, strengthening their uptake in the market. On the basis of product type, the global genitourinary drug market is segmented into urological, gynaecologicals, sex hormones and anti-infective. Anti-infective is expected to grow at the higher rate over the forecast period due to increase in the incidence of urinary tract infections. On the basis of regional presence, global genitourinary drug market is segmented into five broad regions viz.  North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and the Middle East & Africa. North America is leading the global genitourinary drug market due to increased awareness about genitourinary diseases and associated risk factors. Europe market is also projected to experience growth in the near future. Asia Pacific market is estimated to grow at faster growth rate during the forecast period, owing to factors such as improving healthcare infrastructure, adoption of effective medicine and raising funds for clinical research. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/12706 Some of the major players in global genitourinary drug market are Pfizer, Inc. Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Genentech, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Abbott Laboratories, Bayer AG, Novartis AG, Eli Lilly and Company, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Allergan, Merck & Co., Inc. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com TagsGenitourinary Drugs, Genitourinary Drugs Market, Global 1, Global Genitourinary Drugs Market, Google News, Healthcare Market, Life Sciences, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, satPRnews, Transformational Health Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Herbal Supplements Market in Australia and NZ to Surpass US$ 760 Mn by 2025 Next PostNext E-Commerce Powerhouse REVOLVE Unveils Its Unique Invite Only Retail Concept „REVOLVE Social Club” To The Public For A Limited Time Only Search Recent Posts Austin, TX Author Publishes Religious Motivational Book San Antonio, TX Author Publishes Coming Home Memoir Bloomington, IL Author Publishes Spiritual Awakening Book Seattle, WA Authors Publish Children’s Book Kahului, HI Author Publishes Final Book in Trilogy Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Nucleic Acid Labeling Market Poised to Expand at a Robust Pace Over 2016 to 2026 Nucleic acid labeling techniques has wide range of applications in Life sciences industry. Nucleic acid Labeling is mainly used to identify proteins, DNA and RNA by using various Labeling techniques. Currently multiple labels are available in the market for specific applications. Proper labeling technique strategy is the key to identify the specific molecules. Previously, market is more dominated by radioactive Labeling techniques. However, because of the safety concerns radioactive techniques are less preferred. Hence, non-radioactive Labeling techniques gaining traction to identify molecules specifically owing to their highly sensitive and safety concerns. In the non-radioactive category, Chemiluminescent and chemifluorescent techniques has replaced the use of radioactive molecules to identify the antibodies. Various companies are involved in developing the novel nucleic acid Labeling test kits for various applications. Majorly diagnostic companies are actively involved in developing the nucleic acid test kits. The nucleic acid Labeling is mainly dominated by the bigger players than medium and small players A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12430 With increase in healthcare expenditure, personalized healthcare treatments, increase in Research and development expenditure and rise in research activities specifically in genomic research and disease diagnosis are the factors fueling growth of this market during the forecast year. However, less skilled professionals and costly process are the major factors hindering the growth of this market. Based on the product, the market was segmented into reagents and kits and Services. Among them, reagents and kits market will have the largest market share than the services due to their use in various diagnostic and research centers. Furthermore, increase in R & D expenditure also boosts the market during the forecast year. Based on the application, major market share was dominated by the DNA sequencing technique. It has many applications in identification of genetic disorders, tumors genetic variations and much more are fueling the growth of this market during the forecast period. In addition to that, increase in R & D projects are also one of the factors driving the growth of this market. Companies are interested in developing new generation DNA sequencing techniques that can provide rapid and efficient genomic sequencing than the conventional sequencing On the basis of end user, nucleic acid Labeling market is segmented into Diagnostic centers, Research centers and Hospitals. Research centers occupies the major market share owing to increase in funding by government organizations to increase research activity and for the drug discovery purposes. Few companies are launching specific reagents and kits that can be used specifically for research purpose this shows the significance of the research centers impact in this nucleic acid labeling market Depending on the geographic region, nucleic acid Labeling market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Middle East & Africa. North America accounts the major market share because of increase in personalized medicines, identifying the genetic modifications and therapeutic areas are the factors contributing the growth of this market during the forecast period. In future, emerging markets like China and Brazil are expected to have significant growth by the end of the forecast period. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/12430 Major players in the nucleic acid labeling market include Merck & Co., Inc., PerkinElmer, Inc., New England Biolabs, F. Hoffmann La-Roche AG, Enzo Biochem, General Electric Company, Vector Laboratories, Promega Corporation and Agilent Technologies About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com TagsGlobal 1, Global Nucleic Acid Labeling Market, Google News, Healthcare Market, Life Sciences, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, Nucleic Acid Labeling, Nucleic Acid Labeling Market, satPRnews, Transformational Health Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Clorox Announces May 3 Webcast of Third-Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Results Next PostNext ‘Panama Papers’ group among initiatives to benefit from Omidyar Network’s $100M commitment to address trust deficit Search Recent Posts Austin, TX Author Publishes Religious Motivational Book San Antonio, TX Author Publishes Coming Home Memoir Bloomington, IL Author Publishes Spiritual Awakening Book Seattle, WA Authors Publish Children’s Book Kahului, HI Author Publishes Final Book in Trilogy Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Bronchodilators Market Rugged Expansion Foreseen by 2024 Bronchodilators is the medication that is taken to improve breathing and are used for treating breathing related symptoms that are associated with allergic reaction. It is also used for expanding the airways and improving the breathing capacity function of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), bronchial asthma, emphysema, and other lung diseases. Bronchodilators function by relaxing the muscle surrounding the airways. These products are available over the counter or requires prescription. Basically there are available in three forms injectable, oral and inhaled. In oral forms they come in variety such as liquids, tablets and capsules, these oral forms are delivered in higher doses which is directly absorbed into the bloodstream and so they have relatively more side effects. Whereas inhaled once are directly deposited in the lungs causing less side effects. Bronchodilators are of basically-acting or long-acting beta2-agonists and anticholinergic agents or theophylline. They function so as to control asthma and COPD. Short acting bronchodilators function for fast relief of asthma symptoms and long acting bronchodilators function for control symptoms of asthma. The Bronchodilators market is driven by increasing prevalence of chronic conditions and advancement in technology. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @  http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12241? According to the Centers for Disease and Control of Infection, in 2014 number of adults who had asthma was 17.7 million. It seen more in female over male, and caused 3,651 number of deaths. According World Health Organization, in 2012 over 3 million people died due to COPD, which is equal to 6% of all deaths globally that year. These death mostly occurred in low- and middle-income countries, and the risk factors included air pollution caused by cooking and heating, outdoor air pollution, pollution due to dust and chemicals (vapor’s, irritants and fumes), and lower respiratory infections during childhood. Above mentioned are some of the leading causes of preventable death. Moreover due to government initiatives and rising healthcare expenditure it is expected to fuel the bronchodilators market over the forecast period. Also factors such as rising adoption of these products, and patient education program that are conducted by government and companies for creating the awareness among the general population is likely to drive the growth of bronchodilators market over forecast period. However Bronchodilators market has some restraints such as low awareness for these products and cost of treatment is expected to hinder the growth of the bronchodilators market. Rise in the incidence of COPD, asthma is expected to boost the bronchodilators market over the forecast period. In addition rising awareness among general population and physician adopting these products and prescribing these drugs is expected to drive the bronchodilators market during the forecast period. Geographically the bronchodilators market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific and MEA region. North America followed by Europe is dominating the bronchodilators market as high incidence of COPD and asthma cases. Apart from these combination therapies are becoming more popular and preferred choice of treatment in the U.S. as they have better efficacy. In Asia Pacific region the bronchodilators market is expected to deliver significant growth as China is the world’s largest tobacco producer and accounts for 42% globally for cigarette production. According to WHO, majority of the world’s smoking population is present in China, this is expected to boost the demand for bronchodilators products over the forecast period. To View TOC of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/12241? Some of the major companies in the bronchodilators market are Ache Laboratorios Farmaceuticos, Aquinox Pharmaceuticals, BioMarck Pharmaceuticals, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Gilead Sciences, Innoviva, MediciNova, AstraZeneca, Boehringer Ingelheim, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis Ag, and others About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com TagsBronchodilators, Bronchodilators Market, Global 1, Global Bronchodilators Market, Google News, Healthcare Market, Life Sciences, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, satPRnews, Transformational Health Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Trade Group Launches Bigger, Beefier Trade Show Counters Next PostNext Early Bird Rates for the Social Shake-Up Show End Today, April 5 Search Recent Posts Austin, TX Author Publishes Religious Motivational Book San Antonio, TX Author Publishes Coming Home Memoir Bloomington, IL Author Publishes Spiritual Awakening Book Seattle, WA Authors Publish Children’s Book Kahului, HI Author Publishes Final Book in Trilogy Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
