Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Xylem Inc. (XYL) Position Boosted by Page Arthur B Page Arthur B Purchases 693 Shares of Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) EJF Capital LLC Decreases Position in PHH Corp (PHH) First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. (FBNK) Position Maintained by EJF Capital LLC Praxair, Inc. (PX) Shares Sold by Patten Group Inc. James A. Courter Sells 5,000 Shares of Genie Energy Ltd. (GNE) Stock Peconic Partners LLC Has $510,000 Stake in LogMein, Inc. (LOGM) Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Boosts Position in CubeSmart (CUBE) Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. (HST) Shares Bought by Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Has $914,000 Position in Senior Housing Properties Trust (SNH) Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Continues to Hold Position in State Street Corporation (STT) Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Stake Lowered by Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) Shares Sold by Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Shares Bought by Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Usca Ria LLC Raises Stake in Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Usca Ria LLC Raises Stake in Sanofi (SNY) Capital International Sarl Has $6,807,000 Position in ON Semiconductor Corporation (ON) Kepos Capital LP Has $3,136,000 Position in CME Group Inc. (CME) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $2,381,857,000 in Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Takes Position in Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IDRA) Financial Advisory Group Boosts Position in Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 2nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Financial Advisory Group raised its stake in shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 3.6% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 3,786 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 130 shares during the period. Financial Advisory Group’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $236,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its position in Merck & Company by 2.8% in the second quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 883,353 shares of the company’s stock valued at $50,890,000 after buying an additional 23,793 shares during the period. Banced Corp raised its position in Merck & Company by 21.8% in the second quarter. Banced Corp now owns 6,645 shares of the company’s stock valued at $328,000 after buying an additional 1,188 shares during the period. Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A raised its position in Merck & Company by 12.6% in the second quarter. Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A now owns 4,703 shares of the company’s stock valued at $268,000 after buying an additional 527 shares during the period. Private Bank & Trust Co. raised its position in Merck & Company by 1.9% in the second quarter. Private Bank & Trust Co. now owns 21,620 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,246,000 after buying an additional 413 shares during the period. Finally, Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL raised its position in Merck & Company by 3.4% in the second quarter. Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL now owns 147,944 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,523,000 after buying an additional 4,835 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 72.37% of the company’s stock. Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded down 0.29% on Friday, reaching $58.87. 10,772,599 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Merck & Company, Inc. has a one year low of $47.97 and a one year high of $65.46. The stock has a market cap of $162.31 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.07 and a beta of 0.77. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $61.25 and a 200-day moving average of $60.86. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $10.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $10.17 billion. Merck & Company had a net margin of 13.76% and a return on equity of 24.25%. The company’s revenue was up 4.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.96 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.78 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, January 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, December 15th will be given a $0.47 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, December 13th. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.19%. This is a boost from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is presently 95.92%. WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/02/financial-advisory-group-boosts-position-in-merck-company-inc-mrk.html. Several equities analysts have commented on MRK shares. Barclays PLC increased their price objective on shares of Merck & Company from $66.00 to $72.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, September 9th. Berenberg Bank reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $62.00 price objective on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Sunday, September 11th. Jefferies Group reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $56.00 price objective (down previously from $57.00) on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Monday, September 12th. Morgan Stanley set a $60.00 target price on shares of Merck & Company and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, September 13th. Finally, Argus restated a “buy” rating and issued a $65.00 target price on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Wednesday, September 14th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $64.55. In other Merck & Company news, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total value of $9,104,200.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now owns 514,957 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $33,487,653.71. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider Weir Mirian M. Graddick sold 40,800 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, October 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $62.07, for a total transaction of $2,532,456.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 128,973 shares in the company, valued at approximately $8,005,354.11. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Position Held by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Next » Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Has $237,000 Position in HCI Group, Inc. (HCI) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Biggest Risks for Bristol-Myers Squibb in 2017 What potential dangers lurk for Bristol-Myers Squibb in the new year? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Jan 1, 2017 at 11:01AM From a financial standpoint, 2016 was terrific for Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY). Revenue jumped more than 25% year over year in the first three quarters. Earnings more than doubled. Can the big drugmaker perform as well in 2017? Here are three of the biggest risks that Bristol-Myers Squibb faces in the new year.  Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb.  Opdivo letdown Despite all of the impressive financial numbers in 2016, Bristol's share price fell by a double-digit percentage. The primary culprit in the disappointing stock performance was the release in August of late-stage clinical study results for cancer drug Opdivo. In this study, Opdivo failed to meet the primary endpoint of progression-free survival in patients with previously untreated advanced non-small cell lung cancer. Merck (NYSE:MRK), on the other hand, reported positive results in June from a late-stage study of its Keytruda as a first-line treatment of non-small cell lung cancer in patients with high PD-L1 expression. Although Opdivo has generated stronger sales so far than Keytruda, that could change in 2017. Merck now appears to be in the driver's seat in the lucrative lung cancer market. Bristol-Myers Squibb's strategy is to grow sales for Opdivo by combining it with other drugs. That approach could very well pay off. However, there's a real risk that Opdivo might be upstaged by Keytruda in the new year.  Current lineup losses Bristol-Myers Squibb needs all the growth it can get from Opdivo and other drugs like blood thinner Eliquis. Sales are slipping for several of its biggest moneymakers from the past. Abilify lost patent protection in 2015. As a result, sales for the antipsychotic drug plunged 86% year over year in the first three quarters of 2016. Bristol's group of mature drugs that have already lost patent exclusivity saw sales drop 20% during the same period. The company is also feeling pain from its antiviral products, which combined for more than a quarter of Bristol's total revenue in the first three quarters of 2016. Sales were down year over year by double-digit percentages for hepatitis B drug Baraclude and HIV drugs Reyataz and Sustiva. The only bright spot in the antiviral lineup came from Bristol's hepatitis C franchise, with sales climbing 18% from the prior-year period. This downtrend for drugs losing patent protection isn't likely to end in 2017. There probably won't be a significant bounce for Bristol's antiviral drugs, either. The risk for the company is that these losses from its current product lineup put a big dent in gains from newer drugs. Pipeline setbacks The disappointing late-stage study results for Opdivo illustrate just how much of a negative impact a pipeline setback can have. Bristol-Myers Squibb's pipeline includes several phase 3 clinical trials that could make a difference for the company in 2017. A combination of Opdivo and Yervoy is being evaluated in treating melanoma. Final data for the primary outcome measure of this study is expected to be collected in April 2017. Another late-stage study of this combo regimen in treating melanoma is also underway, with final data collection for the primary outcome scheduled to be completed in October. Final data for the primary outcome from yet another study of Opdivo in treating advanced liver cancer is expected in July 2017. Outside of exploring potential additional indications for current drugs on the market, Bristol-Myers Squibb has a pretty slim late-stage pipeline. That could put the company's phase 2 candidates more in the spotlight. The danger is that there is more risk of failure with these experimental drugs that aren't as far along in the development process. Weighing the risks How big is the threat to Bristol-Myers Squibb's stock performance in 2017 from these three risk factors? While Opdivo might not reach the peak sales level that some had predicted, the drug should still remain a huge winner. I think the negative implications of the disappointing late-stage study results are already baked into Bristol's share price, so an Opdivo letdown probably doesn't present a huge risk in the new year. The sliding sales for several of the company's existing drugs aren't a surprise to anyone. I suspect the real danger is that Bristol's hepatitis C drugs don't perform as well in 2017 as they did in 2016. Still, though, my guess is that any underwhelming numbers wouldn't be enough to derail Bristol's stock. That leaves pipeline setbacks. If any of the late-stage Opdivo clinical studies currently in progress flop, 2017 will likely be a horrible year for Bristol-Myers Squibb. I see this as the biggest risk for the company. However, my view is that Bristol is probably right that Opdivo will prove successful in combination with other drugs.  Overall, I think the company will enjoy continued financial success in the new year. I'm not as confident that the stock will experience a huge rebound, though.  Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Jan 1, 2017 at 11:01AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $61.75 up $0.55 (0.90%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $47.74 up $0.92 (1.96%) Read More 3 Great Dividend Stocks in the Bargain Bin for Retirees 3 Beaten-Up Healthcare Stocks: Are They Bargains? 2016's Worst Clinical Failures After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? The Scariest Thing About Bristol-Myers Squibb's Dividend Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Biggest Risks for Bristol-Myers Squibb in 2017 @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $BMY
For full functionality, it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. MNT - Hourly Medical News Since 2003 Sign in Register your free account News by email A - B Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Abortion Acid Reflux / GERD Addiction ADHD / ADD Aid / Disasters Alcohol / Illegal Drugs Allergy Alternative Medicine Alzheimer's / Dementia Anxiety / Stress Arthritis / Rheumatology Asbestos / Mesothelioma Asthma Autism Back Pain Bio-terrorism / Terrorism Biology / Biochemistry Bipolar Bird Flu / Avian Flu Blood / Hematology Body Aches Bones / Orthopedics Breast Cancer C - D Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Cancer / Oncology Cardiovascular / Cardiology Caregivers / Homecare Cervical Cancer / HPV Vaccine Cholesterol CJD / vCJD / Mad Cow Disease Cleft Palate Clinical Trials / Drug Trials Colorectal Cancer Complementary Medicine Compliance Conferences COPD Cosmetic Medicine Crohn's Cystic Fibrosis Dentistry Depression Dermatology Diabetes Drug Approvals Dyslexia E - G Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Ear, Nose and Throat Eating Disorders Ebola Eczema / Psoriasis Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Epilepsy Erectile Dysfunction Eye Health / Blindness Fertility Fibromyalgia Flu / Cold / SARS Food Intolerance GastroIntestinal Genetics Gout Gynecology H - L Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Headache / Migraine Health Insurance Hearing / Deafness Heart Disease HIV / AIDS Huntingtons Disease Hypertension Immune System / Vaccines Infectious Diseases Inflammatory Bowel Disease Irritable Bowel Syndrome IT / Internet / E-mail Litigation Liver Disease / Hepatitis Lung Cancer Lupus Lymphology / Lymphedema Lymphoma / Leukemia M - O Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Medical Devices / Diagnostics Medical Innovation Medical Malpractice Medical Practice Management Medical Students / Training Medicare / Medicaid / SCHIP Melanoma / Skin Cancer Men's Health Menopause Mental Health MRI / PET / Ultrasound MRSA / Drug Resistance Multiple Sclerosis Muscular Dystrophy / ALS Myeloma Neurology / Neuroscience Nursing / Midwifery Nutrition / Diet Obesity / Weight Loss / Fitness Ovarian Cancer P - R Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Pain / Anesthetics Palliative Care / Hospice Care Pancreatic Cancer Parkinson's Disease Pediatrics / Children's Health Personal Monitoring Pharma / Biotech Industry Pharmacy / Pharmacist Plastic Surgery Pregnancy / Obstetrics Premature Ejaculation Preventive Medicine Primary Care / General Practice Prostate / Prostate Cancer Psychology / Psychiatry Public Health Pulmonary System Radiology / Nuclear Medicine Regulatory Affairs Rehabilitation Respiratory Restless Legs Syndrome S - Z Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Schizophrenia Seniors / Aging Sexual Health / STDs Sleep / Sleep Disorders Smoking / Quit Smoking Sports Medicine / Fitness Statins Stem Cell Research Stroke Surgery Swine Flu Transplants / Organ Donations Tropical Diseases Tuberculosis Urology / Nephrology Vascular Veterans / Ex-Servicemen Veterinary Viruses / Bacteria Water - Air Quality / Agriculture Wearable Technology Women's Health Search Opinions --- Our top categories   - Blood / Hematology   - Bones / Orthopedics   - Cardiovascular / Cardiology   - Complementary Medicine   - Depression   - Dermatology   - Ear, Nose and Throat   - GastroIntestinal   - Infectious Diseases   - Men's Health   - Neurology / Neuroscience   - Nutrition / Diet   - Pain / Anesthetics   - Pregnancy / Obstetrics   - Public Health   - Sexual Health / STDs   - Sports Medicine / Fitness   - Urology / Nephrology   - Vascular   - Women's Health --- View all categories Categories MNT - Hourly medical news since 2003 Search Opinions Categories Infectious Diseases / Bacteria / Viruses ▼ Tropical Diseases Preventive Medicine Devastating elephantiasis disease facing elimination Adapted Media Release Published: Monday 2 January 2017 Published: Mon 2 Jan 2017 email A disabling parasitic disease which causes elephantiasis, and threatens around one billion people globally - Lymphatic filariasis - could be eliminated more quickly, thanks to research by the University of Warwick. Dr Deirdre Hollingsworth, who leads the Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTD) Modelling Consortium, led an international team that has discovered that if a recently proposed combination of three particular drugs is used together, the disease can be prevented or treated rapidly, in a maximum amount of people, using fewer rounds of drugs. Lymphatic filariasis is a neglected tropical disease, which causes serious damage to the lymphatic system. It is caused by parasitic worms, and is transmitted to humans by mosquitoes. Many people with the disease develop elephantiasis or lymphoedema, causing pain and profound disfigurement - such as large swelling of the arms, legs or genitals - and leading to permanent disability. These patients are not only physically disabled, but suffer mental, social and financial losses contributing to stigma and poverty. A large proportion of the billion people living with the threat of transmission are in India, Indonesia and Myanmar where the triple drug combination could be used. Currently, people with Lymphatic filariasis require multiple rounds of treatment - but if the drugs ivermectin, diethylcarbamazine, and albendazole are used together recent clinical studies have shown that the drugs are more effective at killing the worms. The new modelling work shows that this meant that the number of rounds of mass drug administration needed to treat the disease may fall from many rounds to only two or three. The World Health Organisation (WHO) has targeted the disease for elimination as a public health problem by the by the year 2020. The drug companies Merck, GlaxoSmithKline and Eisai have pledged to donate drugs to help eradicate the disease globally. Initial studies show the triple drug regimen is far more effective at clearing the parasite from its human host and that is has a good safety profile. However, experts note that campaigns can run into trouble when they go on for too long because populations can lose interest in taking the drug when the disease is not very common. At this stage the researchers can't predict how fast this new regimen will speed up elimination, and if so, in which countries. Mathematical models were used simulate a mass drug administration campaign in different settings. As there are many unknowns about the transmission of the disease and how a population responds to intervention, three independently-developed models were used to estimate the impact of the new regimen. The models were developed at the University of Warwick, Erasmus Medical Centre, and Notre Dame Universities. All three models were in agreement in the effectiveness of the regimen in reducing the prevalence of disease. The researchers noted that more effective treatment with fewer drugs rounds is crucial in poorer countries where transmission is high but resources are low. Dr Hollingsworth, who is based at the University of Warwick's Mathematics Institute and School of Life Sciences, comments: "This more effective treatment has the potential to revolutionise the control of this disease, but it will require that in over a few rounds of treatment the programs are able to treat almost the whole population, even the most inaccessible. Dr Mike Irvine, University of British Columbia in Canada, is the first author of the paper, said: "Our results show that this regimen could potentially overcome important issues plagued by elimination campaigns, by making elimination as a public health problem achievable in a few years." Dr Wilma Stolk, from Erasmus Medical Centre, added: "We use very different approaches, but our models all have the same message. This new drug regimen can reduce the number of rounds, but it still depends on the programs being well-run. Even with the best possible regimen elimination is difficult to achieve if many people repeatedly don't participate in mass drug administration." Professor Edwin Michael, from Notre Dame University said: "This study demonstrates the power of using multiple models, an important trend in complex systems modelling and use of models for policy making. It allows us to be sure that our insights are robust." Article: Effectiveness of a triple-drug regimen for global elimination of lymphatic filariasis: a modelling study, Michael A Irvine, PhD, Wilma A Stolk, PhD, Morgan E Smith, MSc, Swaminathan Subramanian, PhD, Brajendra K Singh, PhD, Prof Gary J Weil, MD, Prof Edwin Michael, PhD, Dr T Deirdre Hollingsworth, PhD, The Lancet Infectious Diseases, doi: 10.1016/S1473-3099(16)30467-4, published 21 December 2016. Rate this article Devastating elephantiasis disease facing elimination Public / Patient 4 based on 1 rating Health Professionals 4 based on 1 rating Ratings require JavaScript to be enabled. 0 0 email email print References Additional information Citations These tabs require JavaScript to be enabled. Source: University of Warwick Source: AlphaGalileo Visit our Infectious Diseases / Bacteria / Viruses category page for the latest news on this subject, or sign up to our newsletter to receive the latest updates on Infectious Diseases / Bacteria / Viruses. Please use one of the following formats to cite this article in your essay, paper or report: MLA University of Warwick. "Devastating elephantiasis disease facing elimination." Medical News Today. MediLexicon, Intl., 2 Jan. 2017. Web. 27 Jan. 2017. <http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/releases/314944.php> APA University of Warwick. (2017, January 2). "Devastating elephantiasis disease facing elimination." Medical News Today. Retrieved from http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/releases/314944.php. Please note: If no author information is provided, the source is cited instead. Contact our news editors For any corrections of factual information, or to contact our editorial team, please see our contact page. Please note: Any medical information published on this website is not intended as a substitute for informed medical advice and you should not take any action before consulting with a health care professional. For more information, please read our terms of use. Copyright Medical News Today: Excluding email/sharing services explicitly offered on this website, material published on Medical News Today may not be reproduced, or distributed without the prior written permission of Medilexicon International Ltd. Please contact us for further details. Spotlight on: Infectious Diseases / Bacteria / Viruses What is Pneumococcal Disease? Learn about pneumococcal disease - an infection caused by a common type of bacteria known as pneumococcus. We look at the causes, symptoms and treatments. Measles: Causes, Symptoms and Treatments Learn all about measles - an extremely infectious disease caused by the rubeola virus. Find out about its causes, symptoms, how it is diagnosed and treatment options. Lyme Disease: Symptoms, Diagnosis and Treatments Lyme disease is caused by the Borrelia burgdorferi bacterium and is transmitted to humans and animals through the bite of infected ticks. Most popular in: Infectious Diseases / Bacteria / Viruses High White Blood Cell Count: What are the Causes? Chewing your food could protect against infection Tonsil Stones: Causes, Symptoms, and Treatment Type 1 diabetes linked to enterovirus infection in children HIV risk influenced by specific vaginal bacteria Bacterial protein structure could aid development of new antibiotics HIV exploitation of gap in immune cell defenses 'could be barrier to cure' Every meal triggers inflammation Knowledge Center Use the box above to jump to a specific page, or visit our Knowledge Center. -- Select a subject -- Abscess (Dental) Achalasia Achilles Tendinitis Acid Reflux Acne Acoustic Neuroma (Vestibular Schwannoma) Acromegaly Actinomicosis Actinomycosis Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Acute Myeloid Leukemia Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome Addiction Addison’s Disease (Primary Adrenal Insufficiency) ADHD Adrenal Fatigue Agoraphobia Air Embolism (Gas Embolism) Albinism Alcohol Poisoning Alcoholic Liver Disease Alcoholism Allergy Alopecia Areata Altitude Sickness (Acute Mountain Sickness) Alzheimer's Disease AMD / Macular Degeneration Amenorrhea Amnesia Amniocentesis Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) Anagen Effluvium Anal Cancer Anal Fissure Anal Itching (Itchy Bottom) Anaphylaxis Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS) Anemia Anemia (Vitamin Deficiency) Anesthesiologist Aneurysm Anger Angina Angioedema Anhidrosis (Hypohidrosis) Ankylosing Spondylitis Anorexia Nervosa Anthrax Antimicrobial Resistance Antiphospholipid Syndrome (Hughes Syndrome) Anxiety Aphasia Appendicitis Arrhythmia Arsenic Poisoning Arthritis Asperger Syndrome Asthma Astigmatism Ataxia Atherosclerosis Athlete's Foot Atrial Fibrillation Atrophic Vaginitis (Vaginal Atrophy) Autism Avian Influenza Back Pain Bacterial Vaginosis Baker's Cyst (Popliteal Cyst) Balanitis Baldness Bartholin's Cyst Bed Sores (Pressure Ulcers) Bell's Palsy Binge Eating Disorder Bipolar Disorder Bird Flu Blackheads Bladder Cancer Bladder Stones Blastoma Blepharitis Blisters Body Dysmorphic Disorder Body dysmorphic disorder Body Odor (B.O.) Boils, furuncles, carbuncles Bone Cancer Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) Botulism Brain Abscess (Cerebral Abscess) Breast Cancer Breast Cancer (Male) Breast Lumps Breast Pain (Mastalgia) Bronchiectasis (Bronchiectasia) Bronchitis Bulimia Nervosa Bursitis Cancer Candidiasis Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Carcinoma Cardiovascular Disease Carpal Tunnel Syndrome Cartilage Damage Cataracts Catatonic Schizophrenia Cellulite Cellulitis Cerebral Palsy Cerebrovascular Disease Cervical Cancer Cervical Spondylosis Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Chickenpox Child Abuse Childhood schizophrenia Chlamydia Cholecystitis (Gallbladder Inflammation) Cholera Cholestasis Of Pregnancy (Obstetric Cholestasis) Cholesterol Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS) Chronic Kidney Failure Chronic Rhinosinusitis (CRS) Cirrhosis CJD Claustrophobia Clostridium Difficile (C. Difficile) Clubfoot (Talipes Equinovarus) Cluster Headache Cold Sores Colic Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Coma (Comatose) Common Cold Complex Regional Pain Syndrome (CRPS) Concussion Congenital Heart Disease (Congenital Heart Defect) Conjunctivitis (allergic) Conjunctivitis (infective) Constipation COPD, Emphysema Corns / Calluses Coronary Heart Disease (Coronary Artery Disease) Coronavirus Infection Costello Syndrome Cough Crabs (Pubic Lice) Craniosynostosis Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) Cristoporidiosis Crohn's Disease Croup Cryptorchidism (Undescended Testicle) Cushing's Syndrome Cystic Acne Cystic Fibrosis Cystitis Cysts Cytomegalovirus (CMV) Dandruff Dandruff Deep Vein Thrombosis Degenerative Disc Disease Dehydration Delayed ejaculation Dementia Dengue Fever Depersonalization Depression Detached Retina DHT Diabetes Diabetes Insipidus Diabetic Neuropathy Diabetic Retinopathy Diarrhea Diphtheria Discoid Eczema (Nummular Dermatitis) Disorganized Schizophrenia (Hebephrenia) Diverticulitis Double Vision (Diplopia) Down Syndrome Dry Eye Syndrome Dry Mouth (Xerostomia) Dupuytren’s Contracture Dysautonomia Dysentery Dyslexia Dysphagia Dyspraxia Dystonia E.coli Earwax Impaction Ebola Ectopic Pregnancy Eczema Edema Embolism Emphysema Encephalitis Endocarditis Endometriosis Entropion Enuresis - Bedwetting Epidermolysis Bullosa Epiglottitis Epilepsy Epiphora (Watering Eye) Erectile dysfunction Esophageal Cancer Esophagitis Essential Tremor Euthanasia (Assisted Suicide) Exophthalmos (Bulging Eyes) Eye Melanoma (Ocular Melanoma) Fabry Disease Facelift (Rhytidectomy) Farsightedness (Presbyopia) Fatigue Febrile Seizures (Convulsions) Female Genital Mutilation Fever Fibroids Fibromyalgia Flat Feet (Fallen Arches) Flatulence Food Allergy Food Intolerance Fordyce Spots Fracture (Broken Bones) Frostbite Frozen Shoulder Gallstones Gambling Addiction Ganglion Cyst Gangrene Gastroenteritis / Food Poisoning Gaucher's Disease Genital Warts GERD Giardiasis Gilbert Syndrome Gingivitis Glandular Fever Glaucoma Glomerulonephritis Glue Ear Gluten Intolerance / Celiac Disease Goiter (Goitre) Gonorrhea Gout Graves’ Disease Guillain-Barre Syndrome Gum Disease (Gingivitis) Gynecology Gynecomastia Hair Loss / Baldness Halitosis (Bad Breath) Hangover Hashimoto’s Thyroiditis (Hashimoto’s Disease) Hay Fever Head Lice Headaches Hearing Impairment (Deafness) Heart Attack Heart Block (AV Bundle/Bundle Branch Block) Heart Disease Heart Failure Heart risk Heartburn Heat Rash (Prickly Heat) Heat Stroke (Sunstroke) Heel Pain Hemochromatosis Hemophilia Hemroids / Hemorrhoids Hepatitis Hepatitis C Hernia Herpes Hiccups Hiccups (Hiccoughs) High Blood Pressure Hirsutism (Excessive Hairiness) HIV / AIDS Hives Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) HPV infection Huntington's Disease Hydrocephalus (Water On The Brain) Hyperhidrosis (Excessive Sweating) Hyperlipidemia Hypertension (High Blood Pressure) Hyperthyroidism Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Hypochondria Hypoglycemia Hypotension Hypothermia Hypothyroidism Hysterectomy Impacted Wisdom Teeth Impetigo Incontinence (bowel) Incontinence (urinary) Indigestion Infant Jaundice Infertility Inflammation Influenza / Flu Ingrown Toenail Insomnia Interstitial Cystitis Irregular Periods (Oligomenorrhea) Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) Irritable Hip (Acute Transient Synovitis) Japanese Encephalitis Jaundice Jet Lag Kawasaki Disease Ketosis Kidney Cancer Kidney Infection (Pyelonephritis) Kidney Stones Kienbock's disease Lactose Intolerance Laryngeal Cancer (Cancer Of The Larynx) Laryngitis Latex Allergy Lazy Eye Leg Cramps Leg Pain Legionnaires' Disease Leprosy Leptospirosis Leukemia Lichen Planus Listeria Infection (Listeriosis) Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Lupus Lyme Disease Lymph glands Lymphedema Lymphoma Mal De Debarquement Syndrome (MdDS) Malaria Male menopause Malnutrition Marfan Syndrome Mastitis Measles Meniere's disease Meningitis Menopause Menorrhagia Mental Health MERS-CoV Mesothelioma Metabolic Syndrome Metatarsalgia (Stone Bruise) Microbiota Microbiome Microcephaly Migraine Miscarriage Moles Molluscum Contagiosum Morning Sickness (Nausea Gravidarum) Morton's Neuroma Motion Sickness (Travel Sickness) Motor Neuron Disease Mouth Cancer MRSA Multiple Myeloma Multiple Sclerosis Mumps Munchausen Syndrome Munchausen Syndrome By Proxy Muscular Dystrophy (MD) Myasthenia Gravis (Goldflam Disease) Nail Fungal Infection Narcissistic Personality Disorder Narcolepsy Nasal Polyps Nausea NDM-1 Necrotizing Fasciitis Neurofibromatosis Neuromyelitis Optica (Devic's Disease) Neuropathy Neurosis Neutropenia Nicotine Dependence (Dangers Of Smoking) Night terrors Noonan Syndrome Norovirus Infection Obesity Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD) Occupational Asthma Opioid-Induced Constipation (OIC) Oral Thrush (Babies) Oral Thrush (Oral Candidiasis) Osteoarthritis Osteochondritis Dissecans Osteomyelitis (Bone Infection) Osteopathy Osteoporosis Otitis Externa (Swimmer's Ear) Ovarian Cancer Ovarian Cyst Paget's Disease (Of Bone) Paget's Disease (Of Breast) Pain Painful Intercourse (Dyspareunia) Pancreatic Cancer Pancreatitis (acute) Pancreatitis (chronic) Panic Attacks Panic Attacks Paranoid Schizophrenia Parasites Parkinson's Disease Pelvic Inflammatory Disease Peptic Ulcers Pericarditis Period Pains Periodontitis Peripheral Artery Disease (PAD) Personality Disorders Peyronie’s disease Phobias Piles (Hemorrhoids) Pimples Pinworms (Threadworms) Pleurisy Pneumococcal Disease Pneumonia Poison Ivy Rash Polio Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) Polyuria (Frequent Urination) Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) Postherpetic Neuralgia Postpartum Depression Prader-Willi Syndrome Preeclampsia Premature Ejaculation Premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD) Premenstrual Syndrome (PMS) Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis Progeria Prominent Ears Prostate Cancer Psoriasis Psoriasis Psychosis Pulmonary Edema (Oedema) Pulmonary Embolism Pulmonary hypertension Q Fever Rabies Radiation Sickness (Radiation Poisoning) Ramsay Hunt Syndrome Raynaud's Disease Rectocele (Proctocele) REM Behavior Disorder Repetitive Strain Injury (RSI) Respiratory Syncytial Virus Restless Legs Syndrome Rheumatic Fever Rheumatoid Arthritis Rhinitis, Non-Allergic Rickets Ringworm Rosacea Rubella Ruptured Spleen Salivary Gland Cancer Salmonella Sarcoma SARS Scabies Scarlet Fever (Scarlatina) Schistosomiasis (Bilharzia) Schizoaffective Disorder Schizophrenia Sciatica Scleroderma Scoliosis Scurvy Seasonal Affective Disorder Seborrheic Keratosis Sepsis Sexual Addiction (Nymphomania) Shin Splints Shingles Short Stature (Dwarfism) Sinusitis Sjogren's Syndrome Skin Cancer / Melanoma Skin Tags Slapped Cheek Syndrome Sleep Apnea Sleep Paralysis Social Anxiety Disorder Spina Bifida Spinal Muscular Atrophy Squint (Strabismus) Stomach Cancer (Gastric Cancer) Strep Throat / Sore Throat Stress Stress Incontinence Stretch Marks Stroke Stuttering Stye (Hordeolum) Subarachnoid Hemorrhage Suicidal Thoughts Sunburn Sunscreen Swine Flu Syphilis Systematic reviews Tachycardia (Fast Heart Beat) Takotsubo cardiomyopathy Tapeworms (Cestodes) Teeth Grinding (Bruxism) Tendinitis (Tendonitis) Testicular Cancer Testicular Torsion Tetanus Thalassemia Thyroid Cancer Thyroid Nodules Tinnitus Tiredness / Fatigue Tobacco Smoke Toxins Tonsillitis Tourette Syndrome Toxic Shock Syndrome (TSS) Transient Ischemic Attack transient ischemic attack Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) Trigeminal Neuralgia Triple X Syndrome Tuberculosis Tumor Turner Syndrome Typhoid Ulcerative Colitis Umbilical Hernia Urethritis Urinary Tract Infection (UTI) Uveitis Vaculitis (Angiitis) Vaginal Cancer Vaginismus Vaginitis Valley Fever (Coccidioidomycosis) Varicocele Varicose Eczema (Stasis Dermatitis) Varicose Veins Ventricular Fibrillation Vertigo Vesicoureteral Reflux (VUR) Vitamin B12 Deficiency Vitiligo Vocal Cord Paresis (Paralysis) Von Willebrand Disease Vulvar Cancer (Vulval Cancer) Vulvodynia Warts Water On The Knee (Knee Effusion) Water Retention (Fluid Retention) Wegener's Granulomatosis Wernicke-Korsakoff Syndrome West Nile Virus (WNV) Wheat Allergy Whiplash Whipple's Disease Whooping Cough (Pertussis) Williams Syndrome Wilms’ Tumor (Nephroblastoma) Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome Yeast infection (male) Yellow Fever Yips Zika virus Zollinger-Ellison Syndrome Read our more detailed articles about specific areas of medicine, conditions, nutrition and forms of treatment. Scroll to top Navigate Our most popular news MNT editorial articles Complete category list MNT knowledge center Your MNT Personalize MNT Login or sign-up MNT newsletters Share our content About MNT About us Our editorial team Contact us Advertising with MNT Submit news articles More from MNT Accessibility Help & FAQ News feeds from MNT Privacy policy | Terms of use | Advertising policy MediLexicon International Ltd, Brighton, UK © 2004-2017 All rights reserved. MNT is the registered trade mark of Healthline Media. This site complies with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information. This page was printed from: http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/releases/314944.php Visit www.medicalnewstoday.com for medical news and health news headlines posted throughout the day, every day. © 2004-2017 All rights reserved. MNT is the registered trade mark of MediLexicon International Limited.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Columbine: 15 Years Later San Bernardino Shooting TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Storyline Ebola Virus Outbreak Health Ebola Virus Outbreak Dec 23 2016, 9:57 am ET Ebola Vaccine Works, Study Shows by Maggie Fox Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement An experimental Ebola vaccine completely protected people from the killer virus at the end of the west African epidemic, researchers report. They used the same strategy that was used to eradicate smallpox in the 1970s. Called ring vaccination, it calls for vaccinating people who have been in contact with patients, and contacts of contacts. Doctor Francis Kateh from Redemption Hospital volunteering to receive a trial vaccine against Ebola at Redemption Hospital on the outskirts of Monrovia. ZOOM DOSSO / AFP - Getty Images file It worked, the team led by the World Health Organization found. "Vaccine efficacy was 100 percent," they wrote in their report, published in Friday's issue of the Lancet medical journal. "While these compelling results come too late for those who lost their lives during West Africa's Ebola epidemic, they show that when the next Ebola outbreak hits, we will not be defenseless," said WHO's Dr. Marie-Paule Kieny, who led the trial. Related: Experimental Vaccine Could Stop Ebola It's not a surprise - researchers had been working on an Ebola vaccine for years but because the virus only usually caused occasional, small outbreaks, it was hard to test it. “Vaccine efficacy was 100 percent.” Plus no governments or companies had invested the time or money needed to develop a vaccine. Then the epidemic started in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia in late 2013. By the time it was completely stopped earlier this year, it had infected 28,000 people and killed more than 11,000 of them. Researchers rushed several vaccines into production. This vaccine was developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada, which licensed it to a company called NewLink Genetics. Pharma giant Merck & Co. bought the license and is making it. Related: Ebola Vaccine Trials Offer Hope It uses an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV). The virus is harmless to people. Vaccine makers genetically engineered it to carry a little piece of Ebola DNA to stimulate an immune response. Experts including Dr. Donald A. Henderson of John Hopkins University, who helped led the campaign to eradicate smallpox, designed a ring vaccination trial. Henderson died in August. By the time all this work was done, the epidemic was waning. It's hard to test a vaccine if disease is not spreading, but the international team tried it out in a coastal region of Guinea where Ebola cases were still being reported. Related: Experimental Ebola Shot Looks Good The virus spreads by direct contact, either between people or with bodily fluids such as blood from someone very ill with Ebola, or who has died from it. The researchers tracked down every person who may have been in contact with a case, including family members and friends. Then they found people who had been in contact with those people. Each of these "rings" ended up including about 80 people. “We are proud that we have been able to contribute to developing a vaccine that will prevent other nations from enduring what we endured.” Half got vaccine and half did not. The trial was stopped when it became clear that the vaccine was truly protecting people from infection, even after they'd been in direct contact with an Ebola victim. The Food and Drug Administration gave the vaccine breakthrough designation to allow quick licensing. GAVI, the Vaccine Alliance, has made a $5 million down payment to Merck to make sure the vaccine is available when it's next needed. Merck has promised to make 300,000 doses of the vaccine available for emergency use. "Ebola left a devastating legacy in our country. We are proud that we have been able to contribute to developing a vaccine that will prevent other nations from enduring what we endured," said Dr KeÏta Sakoba, coordinator of the Ebola response in Guinea. Maggie Fox Twitter Facebook Google Plus Topics Health news, Health news, Africa, World First Published Dec 23 2016, 9:57 am ET Next Story Ebola Might Not Make Some People Sick, Study Finds advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Place an advert Buy a photo Crosswords Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating Subscribe ALL Crime Education Business Health Politics Letters Transport Community Barnstaple News Reader letter: Actavis and pricing of hydrocortisone tablets By North Devon Journal  |  Posted: January 01, 2017   0 COMMENTS   SHARES Reader letter: Actavis and pricing of hydrocortisone tablets Reader letter: Actavis and pricing of hydrocortisone tablets X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / Reader letter: Actavis and pricing of hydrocortisone tablets Ryan Lewis, 20, pleads not guilty to £70 theft and... 1 Barnstaple man Stephen Lucas appears in court accused of... 1 Drunk man Nicolas Cusden headbutted partner as she checked... 1 Comments (0) WE printed the following letter in this week's paper. What do you think of the letter writer's opinions? AS a retired pharmaceutical physician (a doctor working in the pharmaceutical industry), I was saddened to read your article on your website relating to the Competition and Markets Authority's allegation that Actavis UK has broken competition law by raising the price of 10mg hydrocortisone tablets from 70p to £88 over eight years, a price increase of more than 12,000%. Merck, Sharp and Dohme, the previous owners of hydrocortisone, would have kept the price artificially low because of the complexities of the prescription pricing system in the UK. It was therefore perfectly justified for Actavis to increase the price on acquisition as it would have had to set up manufacturing and ongoing monitoring of the product throughout its lifetime. However, there can be absolutely no clinical or pharmaceutical justification for such a huge price increase. This price increase is unethical, immoral and profiteering at the expense of the monopoly customer the NHS. Hydrocortisone is a vital replacement therapy for those patients unfortunate enough to suffer from primary, secondary or acute adrenocortical insufficiency, sometimes known as Addison's disease. With the NHS under severe budgetary pressures, such profiteering means that other treatments may not be affordable or delayed and thus it has an adverse effect on patients and the taxpayer. Dr Richard Tiner, Shebbear Read next: Reader letter: Take your health spin elsewhere READER'S LETTER: New Lidl junction in Bideford 'accident waiting to happen' Return to the Journal homepage or read more local news. Stay in touch with the latest business news headlines for North Devon, plus the weather, the latest traffic and travel news, and sport, entertainment and crime updates. Report this article Read more from North Devon Journal Most Recent Most Commented Ryan Lewis, 20, pleads not guilty to £70 theft and driving... Barnstaple man Stephen Lucas appears in court accused of... Drunk man Nicolas Cusden headbutted partner as she checked on... North Devon MP blasts Donald Trump for being "distasteful&qu... Questions raised about North Devon Theatres' meeting at Cedars... REVEALED: Plans for Braunton to Barnstaple railway link Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs BOOKING OFFICE ASSISTANT Salary : Good Customer Field Sales Account Manager Salary : Competitive Agricultural Sales Person Salary : Competitive Tractor Driver Salary : Competitive FOSTER CARERS Salary : £420.00 ROSTERING OFFICER Salary : £20,035 rising to £23,867 Teacher of Physics Salary : TBC Supermarket Trolley Repairer Salary : £45,000 Machinist CNC/ Manual Salary : Top Salary Customer Services Assistant Salary : £15,596 - £19,056 Preschool Leader Salary : Negotiable Technical Officer Salary : £27,160 - £31,460 per Annum Experienced Aircraft Engine Mechanics Salary : Salary to be discussed dependent on experience Live In Carer Salary : £90 - £110 per day Gas Safe Technician Salary : Competitive Chief Executive Salary : c£100,000pa Administrator Salary : Negotiable - depending on experience Product support officer Salary : £14k-£20k Civil & Mechanical Engineering Operatives Salary : competitive ‘Progeny’ Mental Health Trainer Salary : £25,298 per annum pro rata (£15,383.91) for 22.5 hours per week Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Health Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Football Rugby Cricket Angling Athletics Equestrianism Other Sports Picture Galleries Our Site Video Jobs Dating Letters Corrections and Clarifications How to Complain Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a Photo Cars Property Classifieds Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis and Vehicle Hire Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money European Market Updates   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share European Markets Climbed In Light Holiday Trade 1/2/2017 11:13 AM ET The European markets are on track to end the first trading session of the new year with gains. The markets overcame early weakness and finished the day in positive territory. Trading activity was on the light side, with markets in the U.K. and the U.S. closed for the long New Year's Day holiday. Economic data was also on the light side Monday, but investors were presented with Eurozone PMI data as well as Chinese manufacturing data. The final Eurozone factory PMI was the highest score since April 2011. The pan-European Stoxx Europe 600 index is advancing 0.55 percent. The Euro Stoxx 50 index of eurozone bluechip stocks is increasing 1.06 percent, while the Stoxx Europe 50 index, which includes some major U.K. companies, is adding 0.31 percent. The DAX of Germany is climbing 0.90 percent and the CAC 40 of France is rising 0.47 percent. The FTSE 100 of the U.K. was closed and the SMI of Switzerland was also closed. In Frankfurt, Wirecard is increasing over 2 percent. The payments technology provider announced that Star Global Currency Exchange Private Limited, a group company, has got an upgrade of its license issued by Reserve Bank of India to be an authorized dealer in foreign exchange (category II). Commerzbank is climbing over 3 percent and Deutsche Bank is adding over 1 percent. Utility RWE is rising nearly 3 percent and rival E.ON is up almost 2 percent. In Paris, insurer AXA is gaining nearly 1 percent after announcing that it had completed the sale of Bluefin Insurance Group Ltd, its P&C commercial broker in the UK, to Marsh. Sanofi is advancing over 1 percent. The pharmaceutical firm and its vaccines global business unit Sanofi Pasteur have confirmed the end of their vaccine joint-venture with MSD (known as Merck & Co. Inc., in the United States and Canada). Alfa Laval AB is rising over 2 percent in Stockholm after winning an order to supply compact heat exchangers to a natural gas plant in the Middle East. Eurozone factory activity expanded the most since April 2011, final data from IHS Markit showed Monday. The final factory PMI rose to 54.9 in December from 53.7 in November. This was the highest score since April 2011 and unchanged from the flash estimate. Germany's employment increased for more than ten years in 2016, data from Destatis showed Monday. The number of persons in employment increased by 425,000, or 1 percent from the same period of the previous year. This was larger than an increase of 377,000 people, or 0.9 percent posted in 2015. Italy's manufacturing sector logged its strongest growth in six months in December, survey results from IHS Markit showed Monday. The factory Purchasing Managers' Index rose to 53.2 in December from 52.2 in November. This was the highest reading since June. China's factory activity and non-manufacturing operating growth slowed in December, survey data compiled by the China Federation of Logistics & Purchasing together with the National Bureau of Statistics showed Sunday. The official manufacturing PMI fell more-than-expected to 51.4 in December from 51.7 in November. The expected score was 51.5. At the same time, the non-manufacturing PMI dropped to 54.5 in December from 54.7 a month ago. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Market Analysis The World's 10 Most Productive Nations, Ranked Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February In Memorium: Business Giants We Lost In 2016 European Market news The Swiss Stock Market Declined After Weak Report From UBS European Markets Finish Mostly Lower On Bank Weakness European Shares Drift Lower Amid Mixed Earnings Reports European Stocks Set To Open Mixed Amid Lack Of Triggers The Swiss Stock Market Finished Up After Long Awaited Actelion Deal Reached European Markets Finish Mixed After Early Gains Erode European Shares Hit One-year High, Actelion Shares Up 20% FTSE 100 Holds Steady Despite Mixed Earnings CAC 40 Rises Led By Banks DAX Extends Rally As Banking Stocks Soar European Shares Seen Higher At Open A Strong Performance By Novartis Provided A Boost To The Swiss Stock Market European Markets Rally Higher On Bank Strength European Shares Rally On Growth Optimism European Shares Seen Steady On US Optimism <<Previous        29 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Trump Signs Order Instituting "Extreme Vetting" Of Immigrants Stocks Close Roughly Flat For Second Straight Day - U.S. Commentary Trump Discusses Mexico, Russia, Brexit In News Conference With May Trump To Speak With Putin By Phone On Saturday Trump Expresses Support For "Nuclear Option" Over Supreme Court Nominee Trump Accuses Mexico Of Taking Advantage Of U.S. Study Shows How Jet Lag Affects Baseball Teams McDonald's Sells All Of Its Nordic Restaurants U.S. Consumer Sentiment Reaches Thirteen-Year High In January Tim Hortons Coming To Mexico U.S. Economic Growth Slows More Than Expected In Q4 Mike Pence, Conway To Address March For Life In Washington Wall Street In Rally Mood Wall Street Setting Higher Goals Wall Street May Open Mixed Wall Street Sees Red, Seeking Clarity On Trump's Policies Wall Street May Open Broadly Higher Stocks Rally As Trump Backs Keystone Pipeline -- U.S. Commentary Asian Markets Mostly Higher Amid Cautious Trades European Shares Poised For Weak Open After Trump's Protectionist Address Stocks Mostly Negative In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary Malaysia Bourse May Reverse Friday's Losses Asian Shares Mostly Higher Despite Trump Uncertainty Stocks May Move To Downside In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Mild Rebound Tipped For South Korea Shares Malaysia Bourse May Reverse Friday's Losses Thai Bourse May Extend Friday's Gains Win Streak May Continue For Singapore Stocks Additional Support Tipped For Taiwan Stock Market China Shares May See Continued Strength Hong Kong Bourse May Halt Losing Streak Indonesia Stock Market May Bounce Higher Again On Monday Australian Market Drifts Lower; Brambles Shares Tumble Japanese Market Notably Lower Sensex, Nifty Seen Lower After Trump's Protectionist Talk Asian Markets Mostly Higher After Trump Inauguration Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share CAC 40 Choppy In Early Trade 1/2/2017 4:10 AM ET French shares moved in a narrow range on the first trading day of the year after U.S. stocks ended 2016 with a whimper on Friday and data out of China showed the pace of growth in China's manufacturing and services sectors slowed in December. The benchmark CAC 40 was up 3 points or 0.05 percent at 4,864 in choppy trade after rising half a percent on Friday. Banks traded mixed, with BNP Paribas down 0.4 percent and Societe Generale Group losing 0.1 percent while Credit Agricole gained 0.3 percent. Insurer AXA edged up 0.2 percent after announcing that it had completed the sale of Bluefin Insurance Group Ltd, its P&C commercial broker in the UK, to Marsh. Sanofi shares advanced half a percent. The French pharmaceutical firm and its vaccines global business unit Sanofi Pasteur have confirmed the end of their vaccine joint-venture with MSD (known as Merck & Co. Inc., in the United States and Canada). by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The World's 10 Most Productive Nations, Ranked Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February In Memorium: Business Giants We Lost In 2016 More Commentary -Global Stocks Close Roughly Flat For Second Straight Day - U.S. Commentary Stocks Continue To Lack Direction In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Finish Mostly Lower On Bank Weakness Stocks Continue To Experience Choppy Trading - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Turn In Another Lackluster Performance - U.S. Commentary Wall Street May Open Broadly Higher Sensex, Nifty Extend Gains For Fourth Day European Shares Drift Lower Amid Mixed Earnings Reports Asian Shares Mostly Higher In Thin Holiday Trade European Stocks Set To Open Mixed Amid Lack Of Triggers Sensex Up 170 Points In Early Trade; Nifty At 8649 Asian Markets Mostly Higher Sensex, Nifty Seen Lower On Mixed Global Cues Thai Market Likely To See Resistance At 1600 Little Movement Expected For Indonesia Shares <<Previous        64 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed McDonald's Sells All Of Its Nordic Restaurants Tim Hortons Coming To Mexico Chevron Turns To Profit In Q4, But Results Miss Estimates Air Products Sees Q2, FY17 Adj. EPS Below Market View; Says Cautious On Outlook Tesco To Buy Food Wholesaler Booker In £3.7 Bln Cash, Stock Deal; Stock Up UBS Stock Dips On Lower Q4 Net Profit; Maintains Dividend Microsoft Q2 Profit Tops Street On Cloud Growth Alphabet Q4 Profit Misses Street Ford GT Will Be The Company's Fastest Car Ever Predictions, Gainers, Losers Ford Q4 Adj. Profit Misses Estimates Caterpillar Q4 Loss Widens; Cuts FY17 Outlook Brookfield Canada Office Properties Forms Special Committee To Evaluate Offer Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February Yahoo Reportedly Faces SEC Probe Over Data Hacking Gainers & Losers Of The Day: GNVC, NVIV, CLRB. AQB, BIOA... Elon Musk: Tesla Hardware Revisions Coming On Regular Basis Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, MRNS, BIOA, APTO, PULM... IMGN Marches Forward, FDA Nod For ZLTQ, Knight Lends Shine To PLX Skittles Spill On Highway, Were Destined For Cattle Feed Freshii Planning Sweeter IPO HP Announces Huge Battery Recall For Overheating Risk Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Huawei Watch 2 Rumors Heating Up Minerals Technologies Names Matthew Garth CFO SAP Raises Outlook As Q4 Profit Climbs Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Announces 26% Fall In Q3 Earnings Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Bob Evans Farms Announces Sale Of Bob Evans Restaurants; To Focus On BEF Foods HP Expands Recall Of Laptop Batteries Due To Fire Hazard LG Electronics FY16 Net Profit, Sales Down; Operating Income Rises United Rentals To Acquire NES Rentals For Approx. $965 Mln - Quick Facts Royal Caribbean Cruises Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates Heinz Gives Salaried Workers Off The Day After Super Bowl Apple Files $1 Bln Lawsuit Against Qualcomm 500.com Announces Changes To Board; Chairman Man San Law Steps Down Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Blepharitis Market Clinical Trials Review, H1, 2016 by type, trend, region, Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Blepharitis Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 02, 2017 ) Publisher's clinical trial report, "Blepharitis Global Clinical Trials Review, H1, 2016" provides an overview of Blepharitis clinical trials scenario. This report provides top line data relating to the clinical trials on Blepharitis. Report includes an overview of trial numbers and their average enrollment in top countries conducted across the globe. The report offers coverage of disease clinical trials by region, country (G7 & E7), phase, trial status, end points status and sponsor type. Report also provides prominent drugs for in-progress trials (based on number of ongoing trials). Publisher Clinical Trial Reports are generated using Publisher's proprietary database - Pharma eTrack Clinical trials database. Clinical trials are collated from 80+ different clinical trial registries, conferences, journals, news etc across the globe. Clinical trials database undergoes periodic update by dynamic process. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/blepharitis-global-clinical-trials-review-h1-2016 Scope - The report provides a snapshot of the global clinical trials landscape - Report provides top level data related to the clinical trials by Region, Country (G7 & E7), Trial Status, Trial Phase, Sponsor Type and End point status - The report reviews top companies involved and enlists all trials (Trial title, Phase, and Status) pertaining to the company - The report provides all the unaccomplished trials (Terminated, Suspended and Withdrawn) with reason for unaccomplishment - The Report provides enrollment trends for the past five years - Report provides latest news for the past three months Reasons to buy - Assists in formulating key business strategies with regards to investment - Helps in identifying prominent locations for conducting clinical trials which saves time and cost - Provides top level analysis of Global Clinical Trials Market which helps in identifying key business opportunities - Supports understanding of trials count and enrollment trends by country in global therapeutics market - Aids in interpreting the success rates of clinical trials by providing a comparative scenario of completed and uncompleted (terminated, suspended or withdrawn) trials - Facilitates clinical trial assessment of the indication on a global, regional and country level Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001183267/sample Companies Mentioned: Merck & Co., Inc. Novartis AG Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited Laboratoires Thea S.A. Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. URSAPHARM Arzneimittel GmbH Senju Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Brudy Technology Allergan Plc Adapt Produtos Oftalmologicos Ltda Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001183267/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Fungemia Market Clinical Trials Review, H1, 2016 by type, trend, region, Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Fungemia Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 02, 2017 ) Publisher's clinical trial report, "Fungemia Global Clinical Trials Review, H1, 2016" provides an overview of Fungemia clinical trials scenario. This report provides top line data relating to the clinical trials on Fungemia. Report includes an overview of trial numbers and their average enrollment in top countries conducted across the globe. The report offers coverage of disease clinical trials by region, country (G7 & E7), phase, trial status, end points status and sponsor type. Report also provides prominent drugs for in-progress trials (based on number of ongoing trials). Publisher Clinical Trial Reports are generated using Publisher's proprietary database - Pharma eTrack Clinical trials database. Clinical trials are collated from 80+ different clinical trial registries, conferences, journals, news etc across the globe. Clinical trials database undergoes periodic update by dynamic process. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/fungemia-global-clinical-trials-review-h1-2016 Scope - The report provides a snapshot of the global clinical trials landscape - Report provides top level data related to the clinical trials by Region, Country (G7 & E7), Trial Status, Trial Phase, Sponsor Type and End point status - The report reviews top companies involved and enlists all trials (Trial title, Phase, and Status) pertaining to the company - The report provides all the unaccomplished trials (Terminated, Suspended and Withdrawn) with reason for unaccomplishment - The Report provides enrollment trends for the past five years - Report provides latest news for the past three months Reasons to buy - Assists in formulating key business strategies with regards to investment - Helps in identifying prominent locations for conducting clinical trials which saves time and cost - Provides top level analysis of Global Clinical Trials Market which helps in identifying key business opportunities - Supports understanding of trials count and enrollment trends by country in global therapeutics market - Aids in interpreting the success rates of clinical trials by providing a comparative scenario of completed and uncompleted (terminated, suspended or withdrawn) trials - Facilitates clinical trial assessment of the indication on a global, regional and country level Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001183284/sample . Companies Mentioned: Pfizer Inc. Astellas Pharma Inc. Merck & Co., Inc. Scynexis, Inc. NeXstar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Gilead Sciences, Inc. Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Limited Chiltern International, Inc. Celerion, Inc. Biowest Therapeutics Inc Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001183284/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu North America Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market Analysis and Forecast, By Country 2016 – 2024 2 January 20172 January 2017 Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market: Overview This report on hospital acquired infection treatment, studies the current as well as future prospects of the market globally. Hospital infections are also referred to as healthcare-associated infections (HAIs), or nosocomial infections or hospital-acquired infection (HAIs). HAIs can be defined as those infections that occur in patients when they are admitted to a hospital or any other health-care facility with which they were not suffering from at the time of their admission. Hospital acquired infection also includes those infections that are acquired in the hospital but appear after the discharge of the patient, as well as the occupational infections among hospital staff. Several antimicrobial drugs have proven their effectiveness in treating a range of hospital infections that are globally prevalent at present. Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market: Research Methodologies The report is a combination of primary and secondary research. Primary research formed the bulk of our research efforts, with information collected from telephonic interviews and interactions via e-mail. Secondary research involved study of company websites, annual reports, press releases, stock analysis presentations, and various national and international databases. The report provides market size in terms of US$ Mn for each segment for the period from 2016 to 2024, considering the macro and micro-environmental factors. Growth rates for each segment within the hospital acquired infection treatment market have been determined after a thorough analysis of past trends, demographics, future trends, technological developments, expenditure, and regulatory requirements. Read Full Report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/hospital-… The market overview section of the report includes qualitative analysis of the overall hospital acquired infection treatment market including the determining factors and market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, market trends and opportunities, along with white space analysis. In addition, market attractiveness analysis by country, isotopic application and end-user along with competitive landscape by key players have been provided which explain the intensity of competition in the market considering different geographical locations. The competitive scenario between market players has been evaluated through market share analysis. These factors would help the market players take strategic decisions in order to strengthen their positions and increase their shares in the global market. Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market: Scope of the Study The market for hospital acquired infection treatment is segmented into antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal treatment and other treatment. Antibacterial treatment segment is expected to be most attractive segment during the forecast period. Increased consumption of antibiotics globally is fueling the growth of this segment. The hospital infection therapeutics market is also segmented on the basis of infection types, which includes urinary tract infections, hospital-acquired pneumonia, bloodstream infections, surgical site infections and other infections. Urinary tract infection is among the most common hospital acquired infection affecting millions of people worldwide which shows high CAGR during the forecast period. The retail pharmacies segment accounted for the major share of global hospital acquired infection treatment market. Increasing healthcare awareness and development of new antibiotics due to completion in key players is driving demand for the segment. Download exclusive Sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Geographically, the hospital infection therapeutics market has been categorized into five regions namely, North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East & Africa. Asia Pacific has the highest growth rate and is expected to overtake Europe in the future. The major factor responsible for high growth rate are rapidly increasing prevalence of hospital-acquired infections in the region, due to unhygienic conditions and improper sterilization treatment. The market size and forecast for each of these regions has been provided for the period 2016 to 2024. Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market: Competitive Landscape A list of recommendations has been provided for new entrants as well as existing market players to help them establish a strong presence in the market and increase their share. The report also profiles major players of the hospital acquired infection treatment market on the basis of various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, business strategies, product portfolio and recent developments. Some of the major players profiled in this report include Abbott , AstraZeneca plc, Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc., Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Cepheid, Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer, Inc., and Cipla Inc., Astellas Pharma Inc., Aridis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Daiichi Sankyo, Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, and F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. Posted Under Military Tagged company hospital intelligence major section staff Post navigation Global X Fertilizers/Potash ETF Market: Trends,Opportunities and Forecasts, 2015-2021 U.S. Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market Revenue, by Country, 2015 – 2023 Search Search for: Recent Posts Miramar Federal Credit Union Members Vote to Merge with PenFed CIBT Reports Director Election Results Slyce Inc. Announces Effective Date of Consolidation and Name Change Slyce Inc. Announces Effective Date of Consolidation and Name Change Advisory – Three unauthorized workout supplements – “Animal PM,” “Blade,” and “Rich Piana 5% Nutrition – 5150” – may pose serious health risks Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money European Market Updates   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share European Shares Rise After PMI Data 1/2/2017 4:35 AM ET European stocks reversed early losses to inch higher on the first trading day of the year after final data from IHS Markit showed factory activity in the euro zone expanded the most since April 2011. The final factory PMI rose to 54.9 in December from 53.7 in November. This was the highest score since April 2011 and unchanged from the flash estimate. While the strong end to 2016 is encouraging news, the manufacturing revival clearly remains vulnerable to political risk, Chris Williamson, chief business economist at IHS Markit said. Shares opened on a subdued note earlier in the session as data out of China showed the pace of growth in China's manufacturing and services sectors slowed in December. The pan-European Stoxx Europe 600 index was up 0.46 percent at 363.10 in late opening deals after closing 0.3 percent higher on Friday. The German DAX was moving up 0.8 percent and France's CAC 40 index was rising 0.3 percent while the London market was closed for the New Year holiday. Alfa Laval AB advanced 1.5 percent in Stockholm after winning an order to supply compact heat exchangers to a natural gas plant in the Middle East. Wirecard shares rose about 1 percent. The German payments technology provider announced that Star Global Currency Exchange Private Limited, a group company, has got an upgrade of its license issued by Reserve Bank of India to be an authorized dealer in foreign exchange (category II). French Insurer AXA edged up 0.7 percent after announcing that it had completed the sale of Bluefin Insurance Group Ltd, its P&C commercial broker in the UK, to Marsh. Sanofi shares gained 1 percent. The French pharmaceutical firm and its vaccines global business unit Sanofi Pasteur have confirmed the end of their vaccine joint-venture with MSD (known as Merck & Co. Inc., in the United States and Canada). by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Market Analysis The World's 10 Most Productive Nations, Ranked Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February In Memorium: Business Giants We Lost In 2016 European Market news European Markets Finish Mostly Lower On Bank Weakness European Shares Drift Lower Amid Mixed Earnings Reports European Stocks Set To Open Mixed Amid Lack Of Triggers European Markets Finish Mixed After Early Gains Erode European Shares Hit One-year High, Actelion Shares Up 20% FTSE 100 Holds Steady Despite Mixed Earnings CAC 40 Rises Led By Banks DAX Extends Rally As Banking Stocks Soar European Shares Seen Higher At Open European Markets Rally Higher On Bank Strength European Shares Rally On Growth Optimism European Shares Seen Steady On US Optimism European Shares Turn Flat After PMI Data European Shares Seen Steady After Three Days Of Losses European Markets Drop In Reaction To Trump Speech <<Previous        22 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Trump Signs Order Instituting "Extreme Vetting" Of Immigrants Stocks Close Roughly Flat For Second Straight Day - U.S. Commentary Trump Discusses Mexico, Russia, Brexit In News Conference With May Trump To Speak With Putin By Phone On Saturday Trump Expresses Support For "Nuclear Option" Over Supreme Court Nominee Trump Accuses Mexico Of Taking Advantage Of U.S. Study Shows How Jet Lag Affects Baseball Teams McDonald's Sells All Of Its Nordic Restaurants U.S. Consumer Sentiment Reaches Thirteen-Year High In January Tim Hortons Coming To Mexico U.S. Economic Growth Slows More Than Expected In Q4 Mike Pence, Conway To Address March For Life In Washington Wall Street In Rally Mood Wall Street Setting Higher Goals Wall Street May Open Mixed Wall Street Sees Red, Seeking Clarity On Trump's Policies Wall Street May Open Broadly Higher Stocks Rally As Trump Backs Keystone Pipeline -- U.S. Commentary Asian Markets Mostly Higher Amid Cautious Trades European Shares Poised For Weak Open After Trump's Protectionist Address Stocks Mostly Negative In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary Malaysia Bourse May Reverse Friday's Losses Asian Shares Mostly Higher Despite Trump Uncertainty Stocks May Move To Downside In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Mild Rebound Tipped For South Korea Shares Malaysia Bourse May Reverse Friday's Losses Thai Bourse May Extend Friday's Gains Win Streak May Continue For Singapore Stocks Additional Support Tipped For Taiwan Stock Market China Shares May See Continued Strength Hong Kong Bourse May Halt Losing Streak Indonesia Stock Market May Bounce Higher Again On Monday Australian Market Drifts Lower; Brambles Shares Tumble Japanese Market Notably Lower Sensex, Nifty Seen Lower After Trump's Protectionist Talk Asian Markets Mostly Higher After Trump Inauguration Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Animal Antimicrobials and Antibiotics Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2014 – 2020 2 January 2017 The global market for animal antimicrobials and antibiotics is being driven primarily by the rising global demand for milk, meat, and other animal products. The heavy usage of a variety of meats in the Western diet and the rapid adoption of Western eating habits across distant parts of the globe are leading to an increased demand for animal antimicrobials and antibiotics across the globe. Download exclusive Sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The research report comprises detailed analysis, forecasts, and numerous estimates regarding the global animal antimicrobials and antibiotics market in terms of demand and revenue between the years 2014 and 2020. The report also presents an overview of the key driving and restraining forces affecting the market and the way they are impacting the market’s overall development. Key trends observed in the past years as well as the key trends of present times and their potential implications on the future state of the market are also studied. The report presents a comprehensive overview of the market on the basis of key products, end-users, and regional markets. Details regarding revenue and market volume for all the market segments are also included in the report. These details are also studied for all key regional markets. The report includes data that is gathered with the help of a variety of primary and secondary research methodologies. The data thus gathered is contemplated with the help of a variety of analytical methods to present the user with the most precise bits of statistics and market. Browse Full Report with ToC: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/animal-antimicrobials-… Global Animal Antimicrobials and Antibiotics Market: Overview The key types of animal antimicrobials and antibiotics studied in the report include penicillins, fluoroquinolones, tetracyclines, aminocoumarin, fusidic acid, phenicols, sulfonamides, aminoglycosides, cephalosporins, bicyclomycin, and macrolides. Consumption statistics for these products are provided for end-use segment such as food-producing animals, and companion animals. Some of the key factors contributing to the overall development of the global animal antimicrobials and antibiotics market include the rising demand for animal protein products and the rising trend of ownership of pet animals. Moreover, the rising incidences of epidemics of animal diseases, rising livestock population and favorable economic conditions of emerging markets like China, India, and Brazil, are also driving the market for animal antimicrobials and antibiotics. However, certain factors such as the rising use of in-feed enzymes, strict regulatory policies, and augmented use of alternative medicines such as prebiotics are expected to impede growth of the overall animal antimicrobials and antibiotics market to a certain extent over the report’s forecast period. Global Animal Antimicrobials and Antibiotics Market: Key Vendors The report presents detailed business profiles of some of the key businesses operating in the global animal antimicrobials and antibiotics market, including Bioniche Animal Health, Fort Dodge Animal Health, Bayer Animal Health, Elanco Animal Health, Ceva Sante Animale S.A., Merck Animal Health, Virbac Animal Health, Zoetis, Inc., Merial, Phibro Animal Health Corp., and Novartis Animal Health. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. Posted Under Military Tagged company fort intelligence Post navigation Food Texture Market – Global Industry Share 2023 Sorbates Market – Global Industry Share 2020 Search Search for: Recent Posts Miramar Federal Credit Union Members Vote to Merge with PenFed CIBT Reports Director Election Results Slyce Inc. Announces Effective Date of Consolidation and Name Change Slyce Inc. Announces Effective Date of Consolidation and Name Change Advisory – Three unauthorized workout supplements – “Animal PM,” “Blade,” and “Rich Piana 5% Nutrition – 5150” – may pose serious health risks Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
