Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Diabetic Therapeutic Market 2017-2021 By Published: Mar 6, 2017 8:18 p.m. ET Share LONDON, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Diabetic Therapeutic The global diabetic therapeutic market is growing at a high pace owing to the increase in the prevalence of diabetes globally. The top countries with high prevalence of diabetes are China, India, the US, Brazil, Russia, Mexico, Indonesia, Egypt, Japan, and Bangladesh. It is estimated that more than 1.5 million deaths occur due to diabetes worldwide each year. Technavio's analysts forecast the global diabetic therapeutic market to grow at a CAGR of 7.55% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global diabetic therapeutic market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of branded drugs, generics, and biosimilars used for the treatment of diabetes. The report also considers the revenues to be generated from the sales of drugs that are expected to be launched into the market along with the decline in revenues from the patent expiries of the marketed drugs during the forecast period.. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Technavio's report, Global Diabetic Therapeutic Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - AstraZeneca - Eli Lilly - Merck - Novo Nordisk - Sanofi Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4706455/ Other prominent vendors - AbbVie - Actelion Pharmaceuticals - Adocia - Aegerion Pharmaceuticals - Akros Pharma - Alnylam Pharmaceuticals - Amarin - Amgen - Amicus Therapeutics - Arbutus Biopharma - Arena Pharmaceuticals - Astellas Pharma - Atheronova - Aurobindo Pharma - Baxalta - Belrose Pharma - BHV Pharma - Biocon - Biodel - BioMarin - Bionaturis - Biosidus - Biospherics - Boehringer Ingelheim - Bristol-Myers Squibb - Catabasis Pharmaceuticals - Cerenis Therapeutics - Chipscreen Biosciences - Cipla - CJ HealthCare - CKD Bio - Concord Biotech - ConjuChem - CureDM - CymaBay Therapeutics - Daewoong - Daiichi Sankyo - Dance Biopharm - DiaMedica - Diamyd Therapeutics - Diasome Pharmaceuticals - DiaVacs - Dong-A ST - Eisai - Elcelyx Therapeutics - Esperion Therapeutics - Exsulin - F. Hoffmann-La Roche - Gan & Lee Pharmaceuticals - Generex Biotechnology - Genfit - GlaxoSmithKline - HanAll BioPharma - Hanmi Pharmaceutical - Hua Medicine - Iltoo Pharma - Intarcia Therapeutics - InteKrin Therapeutics - Intrexon - Ionis Pharmaceuticals - Islet Sciences - ISU Abxis - Janssen Pharmaceuticals - Japan Tobacco - JCR Pharmaceuticals - JW Pharmaceuticals - Kadmon Pharmaceuticals - Kamada - KinDex Pharmaceuticals - Kissei - Kotobuki - Kowa Company - Laboratoires SMB - Lexicon Pharmaceuticals - Ligand Pharmaceuticals - Living Cell Technologies - Livzon - LIXTE Biotechnology - Lupin - MacroGenics - Madrigal Pharmaceuticals - MannKind Corporation - MedImmune - Melior Pharmaceuticals - Merrion Pharmaceuticals - Merz Pharmaceuticals - Metabolic Solutions Development - Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma - Mylan - Neothetics - Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals - NGM Biopharmaceuticals - Norgine - Novartis - NuSirt Biopharma - Oramed - Orexigen Therapeutics - Osiris Therapeutics - Peptron - Perle Biosciences - Pfizer - PhaseBio Pharmaceuticals - Poxel - Protalix BioTherapeutics - Raptor - Recordati - Regeneron Pharmaceuticals - REGENX BioSciences - REGiMMUNE - Rhythm Pharmaceuticals - Saniona - Santaris Pharma - Sanwa Kagaku Kenkyusho - Serometrix - Shionogi - Shire - Sigma-Tau - Sirona Biochem - Strongbridge Biopharma - Sun Pharma - Takeda Pharmaceuticals - Teva - Thera Technologies - Theracos - Toleranzia - Tolerion - Torrent Pharmaceuticals - Transition Therapeutics - UCB - Utrecht Holdings - VeroScience - Vivus - vTv Therapeutics - XBiotech - Xeris Pharmaceuticals - XOMA - Zafgen - Zydus Cadila Market driver - Change in patient preference - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Complex storage conditions and distribution policies for insulin - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Focus on oral insulin therapies - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Methodology Research methodology is based on extensive primary and secondary research. Primary research includes in-depth interviews with industry experts, vendors, resellers and customers. Secondary research includes Technavio Platform, industry publications, company reports, news articles, analyst reports, trade associations and the data published by Government agencies. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4706455/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-diabetic-therapeutic-market-2017-2021-300418868.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles How wearable technology can transform health care MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Diabetic Therapeutic Market 2017-2021 News provided by ReportBuyer Mar 06, 2017, 20:18 ET Share this article LONDON, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Diabetic Therapeutic The global diabetic therapeutic market is growing at a high pace owing to the increase in the prevalence of diabetes globally. The top countries with high prevalence of diabetes are China, India, the US, Brazil, Russia, Mexico, Indonesia, Egypt, Japan, and Bangladesh. It is estimated that more than 1.5 million deaths occur due to diabetes worldwide each year. Technavio's analysts forecast the global diabetic therapeutic market to grow at a CAGR of 7.55% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global diabetic therapeutic market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of branded drugs, generics, and biosimilars used for the treatment of diabetes. The report also considers the revenues to be generated from the sales of drugs that are expected to be launched into the market along with the decline in revenues from the patent expiries of the marketed drugs during the forecast period.. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Technavio's report, Global Diabetic Therapeutic Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - AstraZeneca - Eli Lilly - Merck - Novo Nordisk - Sanofi Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4706455/ Other prominent vendors - AbbVie - Actelion Pharmaceuticals - Adocia - Aegerion Pharmaceuticals - Akros Pharma - Alnylam Pharmaceuticals - Amarin - Amgen - Amicus Therapeutics - Arbutus Biopharma - Arena Pharmaceuticals - Astellas Pharma - Atheronova - Aurobindo Pharma - Baxalta - Belrose Pharma - BHV Pharma - Biocon - Biodel - BioMarin - Bionaturis - Biosidus - Biospherics - Boehringer Ingelheim - Bristol-Myers Squibb - Catabasis Pharmaceuticals - Cerenis Therapeutics - Chipscreen Biosciences - Cipla - CJ HealthCare - CKD Bio - Concord Biotech - ConjuChem - CureDM - CymaBay Therapeutics - Daewoong - Daiichi Sankyo - Dance Biopharm - DiaMedica - Diamyd Therapeutics - Diasome Pharmaceuticals - DiaVacs - Dong-A ST - Eisai - Elcelyx Therapeutics - Esperion Therapeutics - Exsulin - F. Hoffmann-La Roche - Gan & Lee Pharmaceuticals - Generex Biotechnology - Genfit - GlaxoSmithKline - HanAll BioPharma - Hanmi Pharmaceutical - Hua Medicine - Iltoo Pharma - Intarcia Therapeutics - InteKrin Therapeutics - Intrexon - Ionis Pharmaceuticals - Islet Sciences - ISU Abxis - Janssen Pharmaceuticals - Japan Tobacco - JCR Pharmaceuticals - JW Pharmaceuticals - Kadmon Pharmaceuticals - Kamada - KinDex Pharmaceuticals - Kissei - Kotobuki - Kowa Company - Laboratoires SMB - Lexicon Pharmaceuticals - Ligand Pharmaceuticals - Living Cell Technologies - Livzon - LIXTE Biotechnology - Lupin - MacroGenics - Madrigal Pharmaceuticals - MannKind Corporation - MedImmune - Melior Pharmaceuticals - Merrion Pharmaceuticals - Merz Pharmaceuticals - Metabolic Solutions Development - Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma - Mylan - Neothetics - Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals - NGM Biopharmaceuticals - Norgine - Novartis - NuSirt Biopharma - Oramed - Orexigen Therapeutics - Osiris Therapeutics - Peptron - Perle Biosciences - Pfizer - PhaseBio Pharmaceuticals - Poxel - Protalix BioTherapeutics - Raptor - Recordati - Regeneron Pharmaceuticals - REGENX BioSciences - REGiMMUNE - Rhythm Pharmaceuticals - Saniona - Santaris Pharma - Sanwa Kagaku Kenkyusho - Serometrix - Shionogi - Shire - Sigma-Tau - Sirona Biochem - Strongbridge Biopharma - Sun Pharma - Takeda Pharmaceuticals - Teva - Thera Technologies - Theracos - Toleranzia - Tolerion - Torrent Pharmaceuticals - Transition Therapeutics - UCB - Utrecht Holdings - VeroScience - Vivus - vTv Therapeutics - XBiotech - Xeris Pharmaceuticals - XOMA - Zafgen - Zydus Cadila Market driver - Change in patient preference - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Complex storage conditions and distribution policies for insulin - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Focus on oral insulin therapies - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Methodology Research methodology is based on extensive primary and secondary research. Primary research includes in-depth interviews with industry experts, vendors, resellers and customers. Secondary research includes Technavio Platform, industry publications, company reports, news articles, analyst reports, trade associations and the data published by Government agencies. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4706455/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-diabetic-therapeutic-market-2017-2021-300418868.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Mar 06, 2017, 20:18 ET Preview: Global ENT Endoscopic and Bronchoscopic Devices Market 2017-2021 Mar 06, 2017, 20:15 ET Preview: Structural Adhesive Market by Type, Application - Global Forecast to 2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 06, 2017, 21:59 ETPrecision Farming Technologies and Global Markets Mar 06, 2017, 21:57 ETBionics: Technologies and Global Markets Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Diabetic Therapeutic Market 2017-2021 News provided by ReportBuyer Mar 06, 2017, 20:18 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Global Veterinary Drug Market * More Tags... Industry News * Health * More Industries... News By Location * Brooklyn   New York   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Veterinary Drug Market expected to worth USD 49.8 Billion by 2023, globally- Research Nester Worldwide, veterinary (animal drug / medicine) drug market to grow at a CAGR of 6.8% during 2015-2023.     Global Veterinary Drug Market Report (2016-2023)-R   Spread the Word Listed Under Tag: * Global Veterinary Drug Market Industry: * Health Location: * Brooklyn - New York - US Subject: * ReportsBROOKLYN, N.Y. - March 7, 2017 - PRLog -- Global veterinary drug market is segmented into medicated feed additives such as amino acids and antibiotics. Among these segments, antibiotics segment is expected to be the fastest growing market owing to cost-effectives and ease of availability. The global veterinary drug market is predicted to flourish significantly at a CAGR of 6.8% over the forecast period i.e. 2016-2023. Moreover, the market of veterinary drug accounted for USD 25.3 Billion in 2015. North America has accounted the largest market revenue share in 2015 in veterinary drug market across the globe owing to introduction of affordable and advanced veterinary drug in the market by several key players in the region. However, the market of Asia-Pacific is estimated to fastest growing market over the forecast period attributed to increasing adoption of medicated feed additives for pet and livestock companions by the owners. Advancements in Veterinary Drug: Introduction of advanced cost effective veterinary drug, rising clinical researches in order to treat diseases and other disorders of animals, increases safety and effectiveness of veterinary drug thus swelled the demand for veterinary drug globally. Other than this, rise in gross disposable income of population across the globe is likely to spend more on animal healthcare by the pet owners. Rising concern towards animal healthcare: Rising awareness towards healthcare and well-being of livestock companion and pets and introduction of animal immunization policies by the government organizations in many developing nations such as China are likely to shift consumers from conventional treatments to advance and effective veterinary drugs. Moreover, the market is driven by the factors such as growing initiatives from government authorities to develop cost effective and safe drugs in order to minimize the animal diseases burden in terms of animal suffering However, increasing cost of animal healthcare, growing variety of diseases in animals, rapid growth in urbanization leads to congested cities coupled with higher risk of severe diseases, huge expenditure needed in research and development of veterinary drugs are some of the factors likely to inhibit the growth of veterinary drugs market in near future. The report titled "Global Veterinary Drug Market (http://www.researchnester.com/reports/veterinary-animal-d...) Outlook 2023" delivers detailed overview of the Global Veterinary Drug Market in terms of market segmentation by product type, by route of administration, by animal type, by End-user. Further, for the in-depth analysis, the report encompasses the industry growth drivers, restraints, supply and demand risk, market attractiveness, BPS analysis and Porter's five force model. This report also provides the existing competitive scenario of some of the vendors of the Global Veterinary Drug Market which includes company profiling of Bayer Animal Health, Ceva Animal Healthcare, Elanco Animal Health, Merck Ltd., Merial Animal Health, etc. The profiling enfolds key information of the companies which encompasses business overview, products and services, key financials and recent news and developments. On the whole, the report depicts detailed overview on the Global Veterinary Drug Market that will help industry consultants, equipment manufacturers, existing players searching for expansion opportunities, new players searching possibilities and other stakeholders to align their market centric strategies according to the ongoing and expected trends in the future. To know more about this research, kindly visit: http://www.researchnester.com/reports/veterinary-animal-drug-drug-market-global-demand-growth-analysis-opportunity-outlook-2023/186 For Table of Content & Free Sample Report Contact: Ajay Daniel Email: ajay.daniel@researchnester.com U.S. +1 646 586 9123 U.K. +44 203 608 5919 Media Contact research nester 16465869123 ***@researchnester.com End Source : Research Nester Email : ***@researchnester.com Tags : Global Veterinary Drug Market Industry : Health Location : Brooklyn - New York - United States Subject : Reports Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Research Nester Pvt Ltd News Autoclave market demand is anticipated to reach USD 2.3 billion by 2023- Research Nester Global packaging machinery market worth USD 59.30 Billion by 2021- Research Nester Global Water Soluble Fertilizer Market accounted $ 11,590 Million in 2015- Research Nester Bio fertilizers Market is Projected to register CAGR 13.6% during the forecast 2016-202,Globally Fire Protection System Market Expected to Reach $ 98.11 Billion, Globally by 2021-Research Nester Trending Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine CatWise Cat Café Tour Presented by Wellness® Natural Pet Food at Brooklyn Cat Café HipHop Showcase Bridging the Gap Between the Midwest and the South Eric Skye will be performing at Tobias Music on Saturday, April 8 Toshiba Introduces High-Resolution 5MP Bullet Camera with Enhanced Nighttime Video Surveillance Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views PTC News Northwood Estates Coming Soon, Join VIP List - 434 views Cavium to Showcase Extensive Portfolio of Solutions for 5G Infrastructure at MWC 2017 - 311 views Lennar's Heritage Vineyard Creek Grand Opens Saturday, March 4 - 306 views Lennar's Mariposa at The Lakes Grand Opens With Success - 240 views Lennar's The Grove Grand Opens with success - 230 views Mar 07, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
03072017Headline: Market analysis & Forecast: Research Report Covers Global Personal Mobility Devices Industry 2017 13 mins ago Protein Therapeutics Market Research Report Now Available at Acute Market Reports 15 mins ago Global Stretchable Fabrics Market 2017 : Size, Share, Trend, Growth, Analysis and Forecast – Acute Market Reports 16 mins ago Global Study On Thermoplastic Polyolefins Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports 24 mins ago Global Active Suspension Systems Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Survey, Market Size, Competitive Trends: Acute Market Reports 26 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Novel Drug Delivery Systems Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2016 – 2023 – Credence Research Novel Drug Delivery Systems Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2016 – 2023 – Credence Research March 7, 2017 | by Rafael Hudson | The latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Global Novel Drug Delivery Systems Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2022,” the Novel Drug Delivery Systems (NDDS) market was valued at USD 165.4 Bn and is expected to reach USD 202.5 Bn by 2022, expanding at a CAGR of 2.7% from 2016 to 2022. Market Insights The novel drug delivery system (NDDS) provides a therapeutic amount of drug to the specific site in the body to accomplish promptly and then maintain the desired drug concentration. The drug- delivery system should deliver drug at a rate control by the necessarily of the body over a specified term of treatment. Market experts suggest that, There is a continuous growth in the market of drug delivery systems and will continue to grow at an impressive rate in future also. The novel drug delivery technologies enable to formulate the novel drug delivery devices by incorporating the drug molecules into new delivery systems, thus providing numerous therapeutic and commercial advantages. Download free sample here @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/57875 It was observed that NDDS market was segmented on the basis of route of administration, type of carrier and geographical region.  In route of administration segment, injectable drug delivery system was observed as the largest market in 2015 followed by oral drug delivery system. Injectable drug delivery system comprises of several benefits over other dosage forms in cases such as unconsciousness, nausea, in emergency clinical episodes. The injectable administration route is the most common and efficient for delivery of active drug substances with poor bio-availability and the drugs with a narrow therapeutic index. On the basis of type of carrier, liposomes and microspheres collectively attribute the largest share in the market in terms of revenue (USD). The key factors assisting the growth of liposomes market are such as, biologically active materials encapsulated within liposomes are protected to varying extent from immediate dilution or degradation which assists drug carrier systems for the transport of drugs and other bioactive capsules to disease-affected organs Market Competition Assessment: The key players involved in the novel drug delivery systems (NDDS) market are 3M Company, Abbott Laboratories Ltd., Amgen Inc., AstraZeneca Plc, Bausch & Lomb, Baxter International Inc., Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim, Boston Scientific,  Bristolmyers Squibb,  Celgene Corporation, Cephalon, Inc., Genentech Inc.,  Genzyme Corporation, Glaxosmithkline Plc, Johnson & Johnson,  Merck & Co., Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Roche Holding AG, Sanofi SA, and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Request For Customization: http://www.credenceresearch.com/request-for-customization/57875 Key Market Movements: North America is expected to lead the global novel drug delivery systems market due to high disposable income, increasing research and development activities associated with development of drug delivery systems, high adoption rate of novel technologies and supportive reimbursement policies. Projected market entry of several products and technologies during 2016 to 2022 in global novel drug delivery systems market are expected to provide an exceptional growth to the market Novel drug delivery systems market is expected to intensify the market competition, ignition of price wars, and drive emphasis towards geographical expansion and penetration strategies to sustain in the competition Blog: http://www.mobilecomputingtoday.co.uk/3741/global-novel-drug-delivery-systems-ndds-market-valued-usd-165-4-2015-credence-research/ About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Who we are Credence Research is a worldwide firm, containing more than 15 research consultants and almost 100 research and information professionals. Our customers mirror our worldwide nature. Around 45% are in Europe, 30% in the Americas, 13% in Asia Pacific and 12% in the Middle East and Africa. Our firm is intended to work as one. We are a solitary global research organization united by a solid arrangement of qualities, concentrated on customer effect. What we do We serve customers at each level of their organization, in whatever limit we can be most helpful, whether as a trusted counsel to top management or as a hands-on mentor for forefront representatives. For each engagement, we collect a group with the most suitable experience and ability. No matter the challenge, we concentrate on delivering functional and persevering results, and preparing our customers to develop and lead. We join forces with customers to place suggestions into practice. Our research specialist work straightforwardly with customers over long stretches to create workforce aptitudes, drive operational change, and apply new working strategies. Contact: Name: Chris Smith Designation: Global Sales Manager E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web:  http://www.credenceresearch.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Market analysis & Forecast: Research Report Covers Global Personal Mobility Devices Industry 2017 Protein Therapeutics Market Research Report Now Available at Acute Market Reports Global Stretchable Fabrics Market 2017 : Size, Share, Trend, Growth, Analysis and Forecast – Acute Market Reports Global Study On Thermoplastic Polyolefins Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Market analysis & Forecast: Research Report Covers Global Personal Mobility Devices Industry 2017 Protein Therapeutics Market Research Report Now Available at Acute Market Reports Global Stretchable Fabrics Market 2017 : Size, Share, Trend, Growth, Analysis and Forecast – Acute Market Reports Global Study On Thermoplastic Polyolefins Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Global Active Suspension Systems Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Survey, Market Size, Competitive Trends: Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
SXSW 2017 Music Movies Games Television Main Page Menu Menu Connect! Menu SXSW 2017 Music Movies Games Television Main Page Connect! Former Vice President Joe Biden Scheduled to Speak at SXSW 2017 Home News McKenzie Dillon March 6th, 2017 - 9:27 PM Buy music on this topic at | Amazon The South by Southwest (SXSW) has just announced a major speaker for the conference this year and for the greatest cause. Former Vice President Joe Biden has fortunately been scheduled as one of the guest speakers for the upcoming festival/conference in Austin, TX on Sunday March 12 at 3:30 p.m. in the Austin Convention Center. The speech will center around possible solutions for defeating cancer as well as information regarding the Biden Cancer Initiative. “We’re excited to have Vice President Biden address the creative innovators and entrepreneurs that attend SXSW,” said Chief Programming Officer Hugh Forrest in an interview about the upcoming festival. “His commitment and leadership is crucial at a time when the smartest minds from the worlds of technology and healthcare are working together to create groundbreaking new solutions in the battle to end cancer.” Joe Biden’s talk is in partnership with the Connect to End Cancer series alongside The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, the AT&T Foundry for Connected Health, and Merck & Co. Inc. The series is on March 12 at the Health Track and will provide “education, exposure and potential development support to entrepreneurs and encourages collaboration among innovators, industry executives, venture capitalists, celebrities, philanthropists and SXSW attendees who share a commitment to Making Cancer History.” For any SXSW registrants interested in watching the talk who won’t be able to attend the conference can go to sxsw.com and watch the entire speech online. Tags Joe Biden SXSW Share this article Tweet Comments McKenzie Dillon Share this topic Story Page 300 x 250 Ad Middle Follow @mxdwn mxdwn Story Page 300 x 250 Ad Bottom Click here - to select or create a menu © mxdwn.com 2001 - 2015. All rights reserved.
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Below-Ankle Interventions Promising for Foot Salvage Psoriasis Responds After Biologic Failure Improving Addiction Care: HealthLeaders Media SMART on FHIR Apps for EHRs Help Enable Interoperability No Heart Surgeon Match Day for Major Medical Center LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Meeting Coverage Psoriasis Responds After Biologic Failure PASI-75 rate exceeds 80% with tildrakizumab MedpageToday savesaved by Charles Bankhead Charles Bankhead Senior Associate Editor, MedPage Today March 06, 2017 Action Points Note that these studies were published as abstracts and presented at a conference. These data and conclusions should be considered to be preliminary until published in a peer-reviewed journal. More than 80% of patients with moderate-severe plaque psoriasis attained 75% clearance with the anti-IL23p19 antibody tildrakizumab after inadequate response to etanercept (Enbrel). Note that the study suggests that the p19 inhibitors, as a class, could broaden the therapeutic options for patients who have not responded to the current biologics used in the past for plaque psoriasis. ORLANDO -- More than 80% of patients with moderate-severe plaque psoriasis attained 75% clearance with the anti-IL23p19 antibody tildrakizumab after inadequate response to etanercept (Enbrel), an analysis of two randomized trials showed. Among 120 patients who switched from etanercept after 28 weeks of treatment, 81.4% met criteria for a PASI 75 response at 52 weeks. Almost 70% of the patients attained a Physician Global Assessment (PGA) 0/1 response (clear or nearly clear) after the switch. "My interpretation of these results is that if you are not responding to etanercept, and you are being switched to tildrakizumab, the drug will work," Kristian Reich, MD, of SCIderm Research Institute and Dermatologikum Hamburg in Germany, said here at the American Academy of Dermatology (AAD) annual meeting. "If you are a nonresponder to etanercept, your chance of responding to this drug is pretty similar compared to patients who have not received etanercept at all." "What does this mean for clinical practice?" Reich continued. "I think it means that the p19 inhibitors, as a class, will broaden our therapeutic armamentarium and give us the opportunity to induce response in patients who have not responded to the biologics we've had before." Another report at AAD showed that about 90% of patients who achieved PASI 75 responses at 28 weeks maintained the responses at 64 weeks, and more than 80% of patients who relapsed after discontinuing treatment regained PASI 75 responses upon restarting tildrakizumab. The findings from the two studies added to the primary results of the phase III reSURFACE 2 trial, which showed that two-thirds of patients treated with tildrakizumab attained PASI 75 response at 12 weeks compared with 48% of etanercept-treated patients. About three-fourths of patients treated with either of two doses of tildrakizumab attained PASI 75 by week 28, compared with 54% of the etanercept group. Clinical development of IL-23 inhibitors for psoriasis initially focused on the p40 fragment, which is shared with IL-12. More recently, attention turned to p19, which is specific to IL-23. The increased specificity could lead to improved activity and response without sacrificing safety, said Reich. The analysis of patients who switched from etanercept has considerable relevance for clinical practice. "Many of us have patients on biologics that we've used in the past, and when these drugs fail, we often switch patients to another biologic," said Reich. "Having an idea of what to expect after switching a patient would be very useful." Participants in reSURFACE 2 were randomized to one of two doses of tildrakizumab, placebo, or etanercept. The trial had co-primary efficacy endpoints of PASI 75 and PGA 0/1 response, both assessed at 28 weeks. Patients who did not achieve PASI 75 response by 28 weeks had the option to switch to the higher dose (200 mg) of tildrakizumab and continue treatment to week 52, receiving tildrakizumab at weeks 32, 36, and 48. Reich said 57% of etanercept-treated patients attained PASI 75 responses, and 51% attained PGA 0/1 responses. At 52 weeks, 81.4% of the 120 patients had met the endpoint of PASI 75 response, and 68.5% attained PGA 0/1 responses. Additionally, 41.6% of the patients attained PASI 90 responses and 15.9% attained PASI 100 responses. For comparison, Reich cited results from the primary analysis of the reSURFACE 2 trial. Among patients randomized to tildrakizumab 200 mg, 74% had PASI 75 responses at 28 weeks, and 71% had PGA 0/1 responses. PASI 90 and PASI 100 responses at 12 weeks were secondary endpoints, and rates among patients allocated to tildrakizumab were 58% and 27%, respectively. The second tildrakizumab report at AAD focused on a re-randomization component of reSURFACE 1, which involved 772 patients, allocated to the two doses of the IL-23p19 inhibitor or placebo. The trial design called for patients who attained PASI 75 response at 28 weeks with tildrakizumab to be randomized again to continue treatment to 64 weeks or discontinue, Kim Papp, MD, PhD, of Probity Medical Research in Waterloo, Ontario, and colleagues reported in a poster presentation. The results showed that 94% of patients who continued the 200-mg dose of tildrakizumab and 88% of those who continued the 100-mg dose maintained PASI 75 responses to week 64. Additionally, 57% and 49% of patients who discontinued the two doses of tildrakizumab maintained PASI 75 response to week 64. Among patients who discontinued tildrakizumab and relapsed (loss of PASI 75 response), 83.3% and 85.7 of patients in the 200- and 100-mg groups regained PASI 75 response after retreatment with their randomized doses of the drug. Both studies were supported by Merck. Reich disclosed relevant relationships with AbbVie, Amgen, Biogen-Idec, Celgene, Centocor, Covagen, Forward Pharma, GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Janssen-Cilag, Leo, Lilly, Medac, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, Vertex, and Takeda. Papp disclosed relevant relationships with Amgen, Anacor, AbbVie, Active Biotech, Allergan, Astellas, AstraZeneca, Basilea, Bayer, Biogen-Idec, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Boehringer Ingelheim, CanFite, Celgene, Dermira, Eli Lilly, Forward Pharma, Genentech, GSK, Janssen, Kyowa Hakko Kirin, Kythera, Leo Pharma, Merck, Merck-Serono, Novartis, Pfizer, Regeneron, Rigel, Roche, Sanofi-Genzyme, Takeda, UCB, Valeant, Xenon, and Xoma. 2017-06-03T00:00:00-0400 last updated 03.06.2017 Primary Source American Academy of Dermatology Source Reference: Reich K, et al "Tildrakizumab, ak selective anti-IL-23 monoclonal antibody, is effective in subjects with chronic plaque psoriasis who do not adequately respond to etanercept" AAD 2017; Abstract 5252. Secondary Source American Academy of Dermatology Source Reference: Papp K, et al "Maintenace of treatment response in chronic plaque psoriasis patients continuing treatment or discontinuing treatment with tildrakizumab in a 64-week, randomized controlled phase III trial" AAD 2017; Abstract 4885. 0 comments More in Meeting Coverage Below-Ankle Interventions Promising for Foot Salvage Psoriasis Responds After Biologic Failure Coated Balloons Found Less Effective in Women for Peripheral Lesions Cimzia Passes Muster in Two Psoriasis Trials About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
