Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ /C O R R E C T I O N -- Merck/ /C O R R E C T I O N -- Merck/ woensdag 4 januari 2017 16:35 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire In the news release, Merck Acquires BioControl to Strengthen Position in Food Safety Testing, issued Jan. 4, 2017 by Merck over PR Newswire, we are advised by the company that the BioControl website in the company boilerplate, should read "www.biocontrolsys.com [http://www.biocontrolsys.com]" rather than "www.biocontrol.com [http://www.biocontrol.com]" as originally issued inadvertently. The complete, corrected release follows: Merck Acquires BioControl to Strengthen Position in Food Safety Testing - The acquisition complements Merck's existing products in food pathogen testing - Enables Merck to offer its customers complete workflow solutions for food pathogen testing DARMSTADT, Germany, Jan. 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/index.html], a leading life science and technology company, today announced it has acquired BioControl Systems Inc., a global leader in food safety testing. The acquisition opens growth opportunities for Merck in the food and beverage space; particularly in the U.S. Confidentiality has been agreed on the financial details of the transaction. Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/453215/Merck_BioControl.jpg [http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/453215/Merck_BioControl.jpg] BioControl's established rapid detection technology and third-party validated testing platforms complement Merck's portfolio of instruments and consumables in its applied solutions business geared to the food pathogen testing workflow. "BioControl's acquisition strengthens our ability to help customers protect the global food supply by providing an expansive portfolio of state-of-the-art testing technology," said Udit Batra, Member of the Merck Executive Board and CEO, Life [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/products/life_science/life_science.html]Science [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/products/life_science/life_science.html] business. "BioControl's innovative assays and validated kits, when combined with Merck's strengths in microbiology, filtration and e-commerce will create a strong global provider aimed at solving tough challenges in the food pathogen testing space," he added. The global spotlight on the importance of food safety has grown given the increased incidents of outbreaks and recalls with foodborne diseases often caused by consuming a wide range of foods including undercooked meat, eggs, fresh produce and dairy products contaminated by Salmonella, Listeria, E.coli O157H7 and Campylobacter. BioControl's product portfolio includes pathogen detection kits to identify these food poisoning bacteria in food and ingredients and its key customers include meat producers. "Merck is the best home for BioControl, our customers and our employees," said Phil Feldsine, President and Chief Executive of BioControl. "Merck's global market presence as a leader in laboratory sciences will introduce BioControl's innovative, customer oriented solutions to a much broader base worldwide while providing existing customers with access to Merck's food safety product portfolio and expertise. The opportunity for BioControl to become part of a world class 350-year-old organization with a reputation for doing it the right way is very rewarding." The acquisition is in line with the strategy of Merck's life science business to expand in key geographies, and provide a differentiated experience to customers in applied settings, including food and beverage safety testing. While the business will continue to focus on microbial quality control solutions for pharmaceutical production processes and products, an area where the business currently has leading market share, the acquisition will enable Merck to offer a complete food pathogen testing platform to its customers in the food and beverage safety testing market. Achelous Partners acted as financial advisor to BioControl on this transaction. Nixon Peabody LLP represented Merck in the transaction. About BioControl BioControl is one of the leading companies in innovative rapid microbiology tests for food safety for more than 30 years. It offers a diverse third party validated product portfolio lines, which include industrial microbiology testing, rapid detection methods for food-borne pathogens, the quantitative measurement of microorganisms, and hygiene monitoring. The company primarily sells its products to food manufacturers, ingredient suppliers, contract testing labs and government labs. BioControl is based in Bellevue, WA (U.S.), with over 100 employees worldwide. In FY 2015, it generated revenue of USD 34 million. For further details: visit www.biocontrolsys.com [http://www.biocontrolsys.com/] All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe [http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe] to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/453215/Merck_BioControl.jpg Merck CONTACT: Neetha Mahadevan, +49 6151 72 6328; Investor Relations, +49 615172 3321 Web site: http://www.merckgroup.com/ PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie Level 3 Opens Asia Pacific DDoS Scrubbing Centers in Hong Kong, Tokyo and Singapore zondag 15 januari 2017 19:01 In een onzekere wereld de weg vinden met een voet op het gaspedaal zondag 15 januari 2017 06:02 Zedra neemt Interconsult over als deel van haar snelle groeiplannen zaterdag 14 januari 2017 10:01 Lexus and Valerian Star Dane DeHaan Preview Single Seater Craft 'SKYJET' in Miami vrijdag 13 januari 2017 17:12 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Merck Acquires BioControl to Strengthen Position in Food Safety Testing Merck Acquires BioControl to Strengthen Position in Food Safety Testing woensdag 4 januari 2017 14:31 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire - The acquisition complements Merck's existing products in food pathogen testing - Enables Merck to offer its customers complete workflow solutions for food pathogen testing DARMSTADT, Germany, Jan. 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/index.html], a leading life science and technology company, today announced it has acquired BioControl Systems Inc., a global leader in food safety testing. The acquisition opens growth opportunities for Merck in the food and beverage space; particularly in the U.S. Confidentiality has been agreed on the financial details of the transaction. Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/453215/Merck_BioControl.jpg [http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/453215/Merck_BioControl.jpg] BioControl's established rapid detection technology and third-party validated testing platforms complement Merck's portfolio of instruments and consumables in its applied solutions business geared to the food pathogen testing workflow. "BioControl's acquisition strengthens our ability to help customers protect the global food supply by providing an expansive portfolio of state-of-the-art testing technology," said Udit Batra, Member of the Merck Executive Board and CEO, Life [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/products/life_science/life_science.html]Science [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/products/life_science/life_science.html] business. "BioControl's innovative assays and validated kits, when combined with Merck's strengths in microbiology, filtration and e-commerce will create a strong global provider aimed at solving tough challenges in the food pathogen testing space," he added. The global spotlight on the importance of food safety has grown given the increased incidents of outbreaks and recalls with foodborne diseases often caused by consuming a wide range of foods including undercooked meat, eggs, fresh produce and dairy products contaminated by Salmonella, Listeria, E.coli O157H7 and Campylobacter. BioControl's product portfolio includes pathogen detection kits to identify these food poisoning bacteria in food and ingredients and its key customers include meat producers. "Merck is the best home for BioControl, our customers and our employees," said Phil Feldsine, President and Chief Executive of BioControl. "Merck's global market presence as a leader in laboratory sciences will introduce BioControl's innovative, customer oriented solutions to a much broader base worldwide while providing existing customers with access to Merck's food safety product portfolio and expertise. The opportunity for BioControl to become part of a world class 350-year-old organization with a reputation for doing it the right way is very rewarding." The acquisition is in line with the strategy of Merck's life science business to expand in key geographies, and provide a differentiated experience to customers in applied settings, including food and beverage safety testing. While the business will continue to focus on microbial quality control solutions for pharmaceutical production processes and products, an area where the business currently has leading market share, the acquisition will enable Merck to offer a complete food pathogen testing platform to its customers in the food and beverage safety testing market. Achelous Partners acted as financial advisor to BioControl on this transaction. Nixon Peabody LLP represented Merck in the transaction. About BioControl BioControl is one of the leading companies in innovative rapid microbiology tests for food safety for more than 30 years. It offers a diverse third party validated product portfolio lines, which include industrial microbiology testing, rapid detection methods for food-borne pathogens, the quantitative measurement of microorganisms, and hygiene monitoring. The company primarily sells its products to food manufacturers, ingredient suppliers, contract testing labs and government labs. BioControl is based in Bellevue, WA (U.S.), with over 100 employees worldwide. In FY 2015, it generated revenue of USD 34 million. For further details: visit www.biocontrol.com [http://www.biocontrol.com/] All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe [http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe] to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/453215/Merck_BioControl.jpg Merck CONTACT: Neetha Mahadevan, +49 6151 72 6328; Investor Relations, +49 615172 3321 Web site: http://www.merckgroup.com/ PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie Level 3 Opens Asia Pacific DDoS Scrubbing Centers in Hong Kong, Tokyo and Singapore zondag 15 januari 2017 19:01 In een onzekere wereld de weg vinden met een voet op het gaspedaal zondag 15 januari 2017 06:02 Zedra neemt Interconsult over als deel van haar snelle groeiplannen zaterdag 14 januari 2017 10:01 Lexus and Valerian Star Dane DeHaan Preview Single Seater Craft 'SKYJET' in Miami vrijdag 13 januari 2017 17:12 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Acting president to hold press meeting next week over policy direction The Korea Herald > Business > Industry Hanmi to globally launch dual-action hyperlipidemia drug with MSD   Published : 2017-01-04 15:37 Updated : 2017-01-04 15:37 South Korea’s Hanmi Pharmaceutical said Wednesday it will launch its dual-action drug for hyperlipidemia, Rosuzet, across global markets in partnership with US pharmaceutical giant Merck Sharp & Dohme. The two have newly entered a licensing partnership under which MSD will take charge of selling Hanmi’s Rosuzet across 23 countries, excluding Korea. Hanmi said it could not specify the given countries due to contract stipulations. Hanmi Pharmaceutical's Rosuzet (Hanmi Pharmaceutical) Rosuzet is a dual-action drug combining two active ingredients -- ezetimibe and rosuvastatin. It treats hyperlipidemia, a chronic illness caused by an overabundance of lipids, such as fats, cholesterol and triglycerides, in the blood. Under the partnership, Hanmi will take charge of developing and producing Rosuzet while MSD will carry out the drug’s marketing and sales in the 23 countries. It is the second time for Hanmi and MSD to co-promote a product developed by the Korean drug company. In 2009, the two signed a partnership for the global launch of Hanmi’s hypertension treatment Amosartan, also known as Cozaar XQ, which combines amlodipine with losartan. “Under the partnership, Hanmi will be able to successfully launch Rosuzet in global markets by utilizing MSD’s global sales and marketing networks,” said Hanmi Pharmaceutical CEO Lee Kwan-sun. “We plan to continue engaging in additional talks over expanding our partnership to include more countries,” Lee said. Having kicked off 2017 with a new partnership announcement, Hanmi Pharmaceutical apologized for its mishaps in 2016, including delaying key disclosures on sensitive licensing deals that caused the company’s share price to plunge and prompted a legal investigation. “We deeply apologize for our shortcomings in 2016 and pledge to emerge as a more trustworthy pharmaceutical company this year,” Hanmi said in a recent statement. In September last year, the Korean drugmaker was heavily criticized for belatedly making a disclosure that Boehringer Ingelheim had terminated its license partnership with Hanmi over a new lung cancer treatment. Hanmi’s share price also took a steep fall in December when it announced the reduction of a licensing partnership it had entered with Sanofi over a set of new long-acting diabetes treatments. Hanmi said it is determined to regain public trust and make efforts to ensure that the remainder of the drugs it has licensed out global pharmaceutical companies can reach commercialization. By Sohn Ji-young (jys@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Acting president to hold pre... 2. Bareun Party condemns Moon's... 3. Korean flag carriers set to ... 4. Korea logs 59th straight mon... 5. Samsung to release results o... 6. Choi appears at Park impeach... 7. Seoul mayor criticizes Moon'... 8. Speaker suggests parliament-... 9. Lawmakers head to US to atte... 10. No indications of imminent I... 1. Choi Soon-sil to appear at P... 2. Two Korean tourists report s... 3. LG vows G6 battery safe from... 4. France says 'serious consequ... 5. Korean becomes formal subjec... 6. Counsel delays decision on w... 7. Samsung Bioepis-AbbVie Humir... 8. Trump and North Korea 9. Choi appears at Park impeach... 10. Yoo Hae-jin still finds eac... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated 1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Merck to Hold Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Sales and Earnings Conference Call on February 2 By Published: Jan 3, 2017 6:45 a.m. ET Share KENILWORTH, N.J., Jan 03, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Merck MRK, +0.21% known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, will hold its fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 sales and earnings conference call with institutional investors and analysts at 8:00 a.m. EST on Thursday, Feb. 2. During the call, company executives will provide an overview of Merck’s performance for the quarter and year. Investors, journalists and the general public may access a live audio webcast of the call on Merck’s website at http://investors.merck.com/investors/webcasts-and-presentations/default.aspx. A replay of the webcast, along with the sales and earnings news release and supplemental financial disclosures, will be available at www.merck.com. Institutional investors and analysts can participate in the call by dialing (706) 758-9927 or (877) 381-5782 and using ID code number 32136167. Members of the media are invited to monitor the call by dialing (706) 758-9928 or (800) 399-7917 and using ID code number 32136167. Journalists who wish to ask questions are requested to contact a member of Merck’s Media Relations team at the conclusion of the call. About Merck For more than 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170103005039/en/ SOURCE: Merck"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Merck Merck Media: Lainie Keller, (908) 236-5036 Claire Gillespie, (267) 305-0932 or Investor: Teri Loxam, (908) 740-1986 Amy Klug, (908) 740-1898 Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References MRK +0.13 +0.21% Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $62.34 +0.13 (+0.21%) Volume 9.6M Open $62.33 High $62.68 Low $62.10 P/E Ratio 31.81 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 171.9B LatestNews
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / MSD Lends its Best Employees to NGOs Around the World MSD Lends its Best Employees to NGOs Around the World Posted on January 3, 2017 by CSRwire Press Releases, Events and Reports in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer The Fellowship for Global Health programme matches skills to needs. Miranda Ingram reports… As a global healthcare leader based in Kenilworth, New Jersey, MSD, known as Merck & Co., Inc. in the US and Canada, is one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world. It also runs the flagship MSD Fellowship for Global Health – a three month, field-based corporate pro bono programme that lends the brightest and the best of its employees to non-governmental organisations (NGOs) around the globe as part of its mission to help the world be well. The aims of the programme are threefold: to strengthen the capacity and reach of the NGOs; to provide a unique, rich professional development opportunity for employees; and to apply learnings across the company. The benefits are also threefold: to the Fellow, to the company and to global health in regions where the need is greatest.  “In 2012, the company already had a long-standing, robust volunteer program operating around the world,” says Theresa McCoy, who leads the Fellowship Program in the company’s Office of Corporate Responsibility. “However, after benchmarking against other companies, we realised we could increase our impact through full-time engagement of employees sharing their skills in a more systematic and sustainable way. That’s when the idea of the Fellowship was born.” Continue reading full article on Best Practice For more information on how your organization can be featured in an upcoming issue of Best Practice, click here. Latest News Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price Go Live UK Announces the Successful Launch of the Redesigned Property Rescue Website My Design Station adds personal touch to wedding products. © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Raised to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 3rd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) was upgraded by investment analysts at Vetr from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating in a report issued on Monday. The firm presently has a $52.95 price target on the stock. Vetr‘s target price would indicate a potential downside of 10.06% from the stock’s previous close. A number of other research analysts have also commented on MRK. Barclays PLC upped their price target on Merck & Company from $66.00 to $72.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, September 9th. Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $62.00 price target on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Sunday, September 11th. Jefferies Group reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $56.00 price target (down previously from $57.00) on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Monday, September 12th. Morgan Stanley set a $60.00 price target on Merck & Company and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, September 13th. Finally, Argus reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $65.00 price target on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Wednesday, September 14th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. Merck & Company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $64.59. Shares of Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) traded down 0.29% on Monday, hitting $58.87. The company had a trading volume of 10,772,599 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $162.31 billion, a PE ratio of 30.07 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Company has a 52 week low of $47.97 and a 52 week high of $65.46. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $61.25 and its 200-day moving average price is $60.86. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.99 by $0.08. The business earned $10.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.17 billion. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.25% and a net margin of 13.76%. Merck & Company’s quarterly revenue was up 4.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.96 EPS. Analysts forecast that Merck & Company will post $3.78 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, January 9th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 15th will be paid a $0.47 dividend. This is an increase from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.19%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, December 13th. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 95.92%. WARNING: This piece was published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/03/merck-company-inc-mrk-raised-to-sell-at-vetr-inc.html. In other news, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total value of $9,104,200.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 514,957 shares in the company, valued at approximately $33,487,653.71. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total value of $1,181,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 9,594 shares in the company, valued at $566,621.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.05% of the stock is owned by insiders. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in MRK. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in Merck & Company by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 174,819,694 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,071,362,000 after buying an additional 3,242,254 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in Merck & Company by 0.7% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 74,363,785 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,284,098,000 after buying an additional 535,407 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in Merck & Company by 2.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 56,714,385 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,539,544,000 after buying an additional 1,235,395 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in Merck & Company by 1.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 45,572,909 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,844,205,000 after buying an additional 840,309 shares during the period. Finally, Northern Trust Corp increased its position in Merck & Company by 1.1% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 36,237,082 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,261,555,000 after buying an additional 411,890 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 72.37% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Facebook, Inc. (FB) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Next » Zacks Investment Research Downgrades iRadimed Corporation (IRMD) to Hold Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Animal/Veterinary Vaccines Market by Product & Industry Technology 2024 Animal/Veterinary Vaccines Market by Product & Industry Technology 2024 Posted on January 4, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Transparency Market Research Report Added “Animal/Veterinary Vaccines Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024” Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 01/04/2017 — The global market for veterinary vaccines features an exceedingly consolidated competitive and vendor landscape, with the top three companies, namely Zoetis, Inc., Merck & Co., and Sanofi Aventis, collectively accounting for nearly half the market in 2015, observes a recent report by Transparency Market Research. The vast funds required for research and development in the field of vaccines have made it possible for a small number of small-scale companies to gain a stronghold in the global market. In 2015, small-scale companies accounted for a mere 30% of the overall market. Transparency Market Research predicts that the global veterinary vaccines market will exhibit a nearly 7% CAGR from 2016 through 2024 and rise from US$6,271.8 mn in 2015 to US$11,403.6 mn by 2024. Request a PDF Brochure with Report Analysis: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=215 Live Attenuated Vaccines to Continue to Dominate Global Sales In terms of vaccine technology, the segments of live attenuated and inactivated vaccines collectively accounted for a share of nearly 80% in the global veterinary vaccines market. Used largely for companion animals, live attenuated vaccines individually held a nearly 44% of the overall market in 2015. These vaccines are produced in bulk owing to low cost of production. Over the report's forecast period, the live attenuated vaccines technologies will continue to remain the dominant contributor to the revenue of the global veterinary vaccines market. In terms of animal type, the segment of canine vaccines accounted for the dominant 52.7% of the global market in 2015. The segment is expected to exhibit a remarkable 8.6% CAGR from 2016 through 2024 and retain its dominant position in the global market. Geographically, North America led the market in 2015, accounting for a more than 44% of the global market. Increased uptake of Animal Protein in Developing Economies Key to Market Growth Animal products such as pork, beef, milk, chicken, and eggs contribute nearly 40% to the GDPs of agrarian economies. The market for these livestock-source foods generated revenues worth US$600 bn in 2015 and their demand is expected to expand at a significant pace across the globe in the next few years, especially across developing economies due to rising disposable incomes and increased focus on nutrition and healthcare. China, for instance, accounts for over half of the world's total swine meat consumed on an annual basis. As the demand for animal-source food products increases, the focus on animal health and wellness will rise across the globe and will subsequently lead to a significant rise in the demand for veterinary vaccines. Stringent Approval Policies and Short Exclusivity Periods to Arrest Market Growth Product exclusivity periods of spans as short as three to five years are one of the key challenges faced by companies operating in the animal health care industry. The veterinary vaccines market also bears the brunt of this issue and the inevitable introduction of generics and over-the-counter products post patent expiration mars the profitability of companies who have spent vast funds on R&D to develop a new vaccine. Apart from this, the overall growth prospects of the global veterinary vaccines market are also hampered due to the high dependence of market players on government channels for distribution. In India, for instance, the central and state governments purchase foot and mouth disease vaccines in bulk and supply them in different parts of the country. Bulk purchases often translate into reduced profits for the manufacturers and hamper the profitability of the entire global veterinary vaccines market. This review of the market is based on a recent market research report by Transparency Market Research, titled "Veterinary Vaccines Market (Animal Type – Companion Animals (Equine, Canine, and Feline) and Livestock Animals (Bovine, Ovine, Porcine, and Poultry); Technology Type – Inactivated Vaccines, Live Attenuated Vaccines, Conjugate Vaccines, and Toxoid Vaccines) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016–2024." Browse Full Research Report on Veterinary Vaccines Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/veterinary-vaccines-market.html About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR Syndicated Research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports thrive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: https://tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/animalveterinary-vaccines-market-by-product-industry-technology-2024-756532.htm Media Relations Contact Rohit Bhisey Head Transparency Market Research Telephone: 518-618-1030 Email: Click to Email Rohit Bhisey Web: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/veterinary-vaccines-market.html Latest News Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price Go Live UK Announces the Successful Launch of the Redesigned Property Rescue Website © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access The Heart of the Matter Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending PMEA 2016 results AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial Sanofi and Merck & Co finalise vaccine alliance split Dissolve Sanofi Pasteur MSD after poor sales growth Merck & Co and Sanofi have finalised the dissolution of their joint vaccines venture, Sanofi Pasteur MSD. The former partners will now separately pursue vaccine development strategies for European patients, integrating their respective pipeline pursuits and products from the venture into their primary vaccines portfolios. After over 20 years of business, the break-up came in the wake of poor growth, with Sanofi Pasteur MSD only bringing in sales of €824m in 2015 - less than a fifth of Sanofi's year-end vaccines sales of €4.7bn. Each firm has a number of promising projects in the pipeline, with Sanofi and its vaccines unit Sanofi Pasteur focusing on vaccines for yellow fever, Japanese encephalitis and dengue virus. The French company also began research for a potential Zika vaccine in February last year. Meanwhile, Merck & Co (known as MSD outside of North America) is expected to launch its Ebola vaccine this year after a phase III trial of 4,000 patients saw 100% efficacy after a single dose. World Health Organization vaccines specialist Marie Paule Kieny said that the trial results were a “game-changer” for patients and for fighting future outbreaks of the virus. In a joint statement, Sanofi and Merck said: “We are proud of Sanofi Pasteur MSD's successful 20-year history. “Our joint venture has achieved considerable success over the past two decades from a public health and commercial perspective. “We believe that focusing our efforts on opportunities unique to our respective companies will better position us to drive growth, execute in a more efficient manner and optimise vaccine coverage.” Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Rebecca Clifford 4th January 2017 From: Research, Sales Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Sanofi launches insulin combo Soliqua in US David Khougazian appointed president of Sanofi Pasteur MSD About Creative Medical Research | CMR Company Overview Deal Watch August 2016 Digital roundup Related Hub content About Creative Medical Research | CMR Company Overview World’s Largest Pharmaceutical Summit Brings Latest Innovations To Light In New Award Ceremony PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Senior Director – Medical Education - Global Agency Salary TBC Project Director – Med Comms – Surrey Salary TBC SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Senior Account Manager or Account Director, Healthcare PR/ Commu... c£45 -55, 000 Publications Manager – Med Comms Salary TBC Scientific Lead - Med Comms Great salary and benefits Global CEO, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Communications, East C... Substantial Package Senior Medical Writer / Principal Medical Writer Great salary and benefits Account Director – Med Comms – Oxford Salary TBC Project Coordinator Negotiable Programme Director, Healthcare PR, Highly competitive package Highly Competitive package Brand Manager - Neurology - Hertfordshire Competitive Package Salary Editorial Assistant – Medical Journal – In-house Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Novartis launches heart failure social network Pharma 'getting away with murder', says Trump Novartis boosts cardiovascular pipeline with $1bn Ionis deal The future of biotech AstraZeneca appoints head of oncology Greece steps up Novartis corruption probe after suicide attempt Gilead's Hepatitis B therapy Vemlidy granted EU approval Merck pays Vertex $230m upfront for cancer programmes NICE U-turn on Novartis' Afinitor for kidney cancer Shire pays record $350m to settle US kickback allegations Newron Pharma appoints commercial affairs VP Merck's Keytruda muscles further ahead of rivals in lung cancer PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Ashley Communications Ashley Communications is a bespoke, independent medical communications consultancy consistently providing a unique director-delivered client service tailored to individual client... Latest intelligence Challenging times It’s not an easy time for pharma, but there are opportunities for those companies that are willing to be true game changers... The modern doctor is a digital nomad How social networks have become the primary individual communication platforms for healthcare professionals... The 2017 trends issue of Perspective magazine is live In the 2017 trends edition of Perspective magazine, we explore how advances in technology are influencing the future of the expert-patient relationship and the role healthcare businesses can take in... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska MilliporeSigma Acquires BioControl to Strengthen Position in Food Safety Testing News provided by MilliporeSigma Jan 04, 2017, 10:09 ET Share this article In the news release, MilliporeSigma Acquires BioControl to Strengthen Position in Food Safety Testing, issued 04-Jan-2017 by MilliporeSigma over PR Newswire, we are advised by the company that the BioControl website in the company boilerplate, should read "www.biocontrolsys.com" rather than "www.biocontrol.com" as originally issued inadvertently. MilliporeSigma Acquires BioControl to Strengthen Position in Food Safety Testing - Acquisition complements MilliporeSigma's existing products in food pathogen testing Continue Reading The acquisition of BioControl allows MilliporeSigma to offer its customers complete workflow solutions for food pathogen testing and opens growth opportunities for MilliporeSigma in the food and beverage space - Enables MilliporeSigma to offer its customers complete workflow solutions for food pathogen testing BILLERICA, Mass., Jan. 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- MilliporeSigma today announced it has acquired BioControl Systems Inc., a global leader in food safety testing. The acquisition opens growth opportunities for MilliporeSigma in the food and beverage space, particularly in the U.S. Confidentiality has been agreed on the financial details of the transaction. BioControl's established rapid detection technology and third-party validated testing platforms complement MilliporeSigma's portfolio of instruments and consumables in its applied solutions business geared to the food pathogen testing workflow. "BioControl's acquisition strengthens our ability to help customers protect the global food supply by providing an expansive portfolio of state-of-the-art testing technology," said Udit Batra, Member of the Executive Board of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and CEO, MilliporeSigma. "BioControl's innovative assays and validated kits, when combined with MilliporeSigma's strengths in microbiology, filtration and e-commerce will create a strong global provider aimed at solving tough challenges in the food pathogen testing space." The global spotlight on the importance of food safety has grown given the increased incidents of outbreaks and recalls with foodborne diseases often caused by consuming a wide range of foods including undercooked meat, eggs, fresh produce and dairy products contaminated by Salmonella, Listeria, E.coli O157H7 and Campylobacter. BioControl's product portfolio includes pathogen detection kits to identify these food poisoning bacteria in food and ingredients and its key customers include meat producers. "MilliporeSigma is the best home for Biocontrol, our customers and our employees," said Phil Feldsine, President and Chief Executive of BioControl. "MilliporeSigma's global market presence as a leader in laboratory sciences will introduce BioControl's innovative, customer oriented solutions to a much broader base worldwide while providing existing customers with access to MilliporeSigma's food safety product portfolio and expertise. The opportunity for BioControl to become part of a world class 350-year-old organization with a reputation for doing it the right way is very rewarding." The acquisition is in line with MilliporeSigma's strategy to expand in key geographies and provide a differentiated experience to customers in applied settings, including food and beverage safety testing. While the business will continue to focus on microbial quality control solutions for pharmaceutical production processes and products, an area where the business currently has leading market share, the acquisition will enable MilliporeSigma to offer a complete food pathogen testing platform to its customers in the food and beverage safety testing market. Achelous Partners acted as financial advisor to BioControl on this transaction. Nixon Peabody LLP represented MilliporeSigma in the transaction. About Biocontrol BioControl is one of the leading companies in innovative rapid microbiology tests for food safety for more than 30 years. It offers a diverse third party validated product portfolio lines, which include industrial microbiology testing, rapid detection methods for food-borne pathogens, the quantitative measurement of microorganisms, and hygiene monitoring. The company primarily sells its products to food manufacturers, ingredient suppliers, contract testing labs and government labs. BioControl is based in Bellevue, WA, with over 100 employees worldwide. In FY 2015, it generated revenue of $34 million. For further details: visit www.biocontrolsys.com All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. Merck KGaA of Darmstadt, Germany is a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in healthcare, life science and performance materials. The company has six businesses – Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Allergopharma, Biosimilars, Life Science and Performance Materials – and generated sales of €12.85 billion in 2015. Around 50,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to foster the success of customers and to help meet global challenges. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company – since 1668, the company has stood for innovation, business success and responsible entrepreneurship. Holding an approximately 70 percent interest, the founding family remains the majority owner of the company to this day. The company holds the global rights to the name and the trademark "Merck" internationally except for the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/milliporesigma-acquires-biocontrol-to-strengthen-position-in-food-safety-testing-300384718.html SOURCE MilliporeSigma Jan 10, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: MilliporeSigma Expands End-to-End Biodevelopment Centers in North America, China and Europe Dec 16, 2016, 08:00 ET Preview: MilliporeSigma Wins Life Science Industry Award® for Most Memorable Advertising My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 10, 2017, 08:00 ETMilliporeSigma Expands End-to-End Biodevelopment Centers in North... Dec 16, 2016, 08:00 ETMilliporeSigma Wins Life Science Industry Award® for Most... Explore More news releases in similar topics Food & Beverages Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Chemical You just read: MilliporeSigma Acquires BioControl to Strengthen Position in Food Safety Testing News provided by MilliporeSigma Jan 04, 2017, 10:09 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 January 20174 January 2017 by /C O R R E C T I O N — MilliporeSigma/ In the news release, MilliporeSigma Acquires BioControl to Strengthen Position in Food Safety Testing, issued 04-Jan-2017 by MilliporeSigma over PR Newswire, we are advised by the company that the BioControl website in the company boilerplate, should read “www.biocontrolsys.com” rather than “www.biocontrol.com” as originally issued inadvertently. MilliporeSigma Acquires BioControl to Strengthen Position in Food Safety Testing – Acquisition complements MilliporeSigma’s existing products in food pathogen testing – Enables MilliporeSigma to offer its customers complete workflow solutions for food pathogen testing BILLERICA, Mass., Jan. 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — MilliporeSigma today announced it has acquired BioControl Systems Inc., a global leader in food safety testing. The acquisition opens growth opportunities for MilliporeSigma in the food and beverage space, particularly in the U.S. Confidentiality has been agreed on the financial details of the transaction. BioControl’s established rapid detection technology and third-party validated testing platforms complement MilliporeSigma’s portfolio of instruments and consumables in its applied solutions business geared to the food pathogen testing workflow. “BioControl’s acquisition strengthens our ability to help customers protect the global food supply by providing an expansive portfolio of state-of-the-art testing technology,” said Udit Batra, Member of the Executive Board of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and CEO, MilliporeSigma. “BioControl’s innovative assays and validated kits, when combined with MilliporeSigma’s strengths in microbiology, filtration and e-commerce will create a strong global provider aimed at solving tough challenges in the food pathogen testing space.” The global spotlight on the importance of food safety has grown given the increased incidents of outbreaks and recalls with foodborne diseases often caused by consuming a wide range of foods including undercooked meat, eggs, fresh produce and dairy products contaminated by Salmonella, Listeria, E.coli O157H7 and Campylobacter. BioControl’s product portfolio includes pathogen detection kits to identify these food poisoning bacteria in food and ingredients and its key customers include meat producers. “MilliporeSigma is the best home for Biocontrol, our customers and our employees,” said Phil Feldsine, President and Chief Executive of BioControl. “MilliporeSigma’s global market presence as a leader in laboratory sciences will introduce BioControl’s innovative, customer oriented solutions to a much broader base worldwide while providing existing customers with access to MilliporeSigma’s food safety product portfolio and expertise. The opportunity for BioControl to become part of a world class 350-year-old organization with a reputation for doing it the right way is very rewarding.” The acquisition is in line with MilliporeSigma’s strategy to expand in key geographies and provide a differentiated experience to customers in applied settings, including food and beverage safety testing. While the business will continue to focus on microbial quality control solutions for pharmaceutical production processes and products, an area where the business currently has leading market share, the acquisition will enable MilliporeSigma to offer a complete food pathogen testing platform to its customers in the food and beverage safety testing market. Achelous Partners acted as financial advisor to BioControl on this transaction. Nixon Peabody LLP represented MilliporeSigma in the transaction. About Biocontrol BioControl is one of the leading companies in innovative rapid microbiology tests for food safety for more than 30 years. It offers a diverse third party validated product portfolio lines, which include industrial microbiology testing, rapid detection methods for food-borne pathogens, the quantitative measurement of microorganisms, and hygiene monitoring. The company primarily sells its products to food manufacturers, ingredient suppliers, contract testing labs and government labs. BioControl is based in Bellevue, WA, with over 100 employees worldwide. In FY 2015, it generated revenue of $34 million. For further details: visit www.biocontrolsys.com All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. Merck KGaA of Darmstadt, Germany is a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in healthcare, life science and performance materials. The company has six businesses – Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Allergopharma, Biosimilars, Life Science and Performance Materials – and generated sales of €12.85 billion in 2015. Around 50,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to foster the success of customers and to help meet global challenges. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company – since 1668, the company has stood for innovation, business success and responsible entrepreneurship. Holding an approximately 70 percent interest, the founding family remains the majority owner of the company to this day. The company holds the global rights to the name and the trademark “Merck” internationally except for the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/milliporesigma-acquires-biocontrol-to-strengthen-position-in-food-safety-testing-300384718.html SOURCE MilliporeSigma Tagsbase, company, officer, service Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Perion Network to Present at the 19th Annual Needham Growth Conference Next PostNext NeuroRx announces FDA IND clearance for NRX-101 phase 2b/3 study and publication of promising biomarker data Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability 16 January 2017 MYANMAR MINING: MiTA Myanmar Mining Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 The Quiet Room Label is Working on the Development of the First Global Quiet Hotel Room App 16 January 2017 Statement by Peabody Energy 16 January 2017 Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report 16 January 2017 Hawaiian Telcom Announces SEA-US Cable Has Secured FCC License 16 January 2017 Solution Tree Acquires Hawker Brownlow Professional Learning Solutions 16 January 2017 China Rapid Finance Adds to Awards Haul with Hurun Honor 16 January 2017 Direct Debi recognised by Institute of Certified Bookkeepers 16 January 2017 MYANMAR OIL AND GAS: MiTA Myanmar Oil & Gas Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 4, 2017January 4, 2017 by Press Release MilliporeSigma Acquires BioControl to Strengthen Position in Food Safety Testing – Acquisition complements MilliporeSigma’s existing products in food pathogen testing – Enables MilliporeSigma to offer its customers complete workflow solutions for food pathogen testing BILLERICA, Mass., Jan. 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — MilliporeSigma today announced it has acquired BioControl Systems Inc., a global leader in food safety testing. The acquisition opens growth opportunities for MilliporeSigma in the food and beverage space, particularly in the U.S. Confidentiality has been agreed on the financial details of the transaction. BioControl’s established rapid detection technology and third-party validated testing platforms complement MilliporeSigma’s portfolio of instruments and consumables in its applied solutions business geared to the food pathogen testing workflow. “BioControl’s acquisition strengthens our ability to help customers protect the global food supply by providing an expansive portfolio of state-of-the-art testing technology,” said Udit Batra, Member of the Executive Board of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and CEO, MilliporeSigma. “BioControl’s innovative assays and validated kits, when combined with MilliporeSigma’s strengths in microbiology, filtration and e-commerce will create a strong global provider aimed at solving tough challenges in the food pathogen testing space.” The global spotlight on the importance of food safety has grown given the increased incidents of outbreaks and recalls with foodborne diseases often caused by consuming a wide range of foods including undercooked meat, eggs, fresh produce and dairy products contaminated by Salmonella, Listeria, E.coli O157H7 and Campylobacter. BioControl’s product portfolio includes pathogen detection kits to identify these food poisoning bacteria in food and ingredients and its key customers include meat producers. “MilliporeSigma is the best home for Biocontrol, our customers and our employees,” said Phil Feldsine, President and Chief Executive of BioControl. “MilliporeSigma’s global market presence as a leader in laboratory sciences will introduce BioControl’s innovative, customer oriented solutions to a much broader base worldwide while providing existing customers with access to MilliporeSigma’s food safety product portfolio and expertise. The opportunity for BioControl to become part of a world class 350-year-old organization with a reputation for doing it the right way is very rewarding.” The acquisition is in line with MilliporeSigma’s strategy to expand in key geographies and provide a differentiated experience to customers in applied settings, including food and beverage safety testing. While the business will continue to focus on microbial quality control solutions for pharmaceutical production processes and products, an area where the business currently has leading market share, the acquisition will enable MilliporeSigma to offer a complete food pathogen testing platform to its customers in the food and beverage safety testing market. Achelous Partners acted as financial advisor to BioControl on this transaction. Nixon Peabody LLP represented MilliporeSigma in the transaction. About Biocontrol BioControl is one of the leading companies in innovative rapid microbiology tests for food safety for more than 30 years. It offers a diverse third party validated product portfolio lines, which include industrial microbiology testing, rapid detection methods for food-borne pathogens, the quantitative measurement of microorganisms, and hygiene monitoring. The company primarily sells its products to food manufacturers, ingredient suppliers, contract testing labs and government labs. BioControl is based in Bellevue, WA, with over 100 employees worldwide. In FY 2015, it generated revenue of $34 million. For further details: visit www.biocontrol.com All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. Merck KGaA of Darmstadt, Germany is a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in healthcare, life science and performance materials. The company has six businesses – Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Allergopharma, Biosimilars, Life Science and Performance Materials – and generated sales of €12.85 billion in 2015. Around 50,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to foster the success of customers and to help meet global challenges. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company – since 1668, the company has stood for innovation, business success and responsible entrepreneurship. Holding an approximately 70 percent interest, the founding family remains the majority owner of the company to this day. The company holds the global rights to the name and the trademark “Merck” internationally except for the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. SOURCE MilliporeSigma CategoriessatPRnews TagsCEO, FY, GEO, GO, Mass, Space, systems Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Merck adquiere BioControl para fortalecer su posición dentro de las pruebas de seguridad de alimentos Next PostNext Goodwill® and Roadie Team Up To Pick Up And Deliver Donations Nationwide Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts MYANMAR MINING: MiTA Myanmar Mining Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 January 16, 2017 The Quiet Room Label is Working on the Development of the First Global Quiet Hotel Room App January 16, 2017 Statement by Peabody Energy January 16, 2017 Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report January 16, 2017 Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability January 16, 2017 China Rapid Finance Adds to Awards Haul with Hurun Honor January 16, 2017 Direct Debi recognised by Institute of Certified Bookkeepers January 16, 2017 Three New Troopers Assigned To Troop A January 16, 2017 Troop G Announces Saturation Results January 16, 2017 New Troopers Assigned To Troop H January 16, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 79° Broken Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Hawaii most dangerous place for kupuna pedestrians Posted: January 15, 2017 - 2:00 am LIHUE — When it comes to walking on busy streets, Kauai kupuna say they err on the side of caution. Comments (3) Volunteers needed to help elderly file taxes Posted: January 15, 2017 - 1:45 am KALAHEO — Since Coleen and Brian Kasperek volunteered their time to prepare tax returns 13 years ago, they estimate they have assisted about 4,000 people. Comments (0) Recent Surfrider marks 400th victory, beach cleanups continue Whale watching tours offered RumFire donation, animals draw crowd Obituaries for Sunday, Jan. 15, 2017 Arrest log for Sunday, Jan. 15, 2017 Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Warriors stay atop standings Posted: January 15, 2017 - 1:00 am LIHUE — The Warrior wahine footballers inched closer to a third-consecutive Kauai Interscholastic Federation championship. Comments (0) No time like the present for young Rainbow Warriors Posted: January 15, 2017 - 12:45 am There’s a bit of an anomaly within the Hawaii men’s basketball schedule and it could go a long way in getting their season back on an upward trajectory. Comments (0) Recent 13 state swims at Kauai pool Warrior wahine win season’s 2nd round 20 teams will compete in event hosted by Kalawai Youth Baseball Club ‘New business’ for Waimea Voyagers score 3 on Warriors Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Kalaheo church offers kupuna program Updated: January 15, 2017 - 9:31 am It is a Friday morning at Kalaheo Missionary Church, and it’s been a busy one for 25 kupuna. Comments (0) Births for Sunday, Jan. 15, 2017 Posted: January 15, 2017 - 12:05 am • Ayven Andrew Acosta * Kamden Nakoa Shigeru Osorno• Caiya Jade Keikihiwahiwaokalani Abat • Cheyenne Ku‘uleipualikolehua Ka‘ūhini-Nohara • Manoa Banx Christian Thomas Hauata Marston • Kayge Kekaialohamaikeakua Jacobs • Kalea Wailana U’ilani Makena Kanahele • Kaylee Kaiwehikelani Apuna • Isla Reef Palmisano • Hayden Hokuikekai Aguinaldo • Thalia Rose Camacho Alegado • Kanoe Kainani Kakianaaq Kalani-Ginnis • Gavin Koa Levesque • Noelle Mapuana Correa • Kanani Varela • Don Lorico Demerin III • Noelle Mapuana Correa • Kira Eugenia Kili Nahe Immel • Amara London Boehm • Ezekiel James Bode • Jaylee Rae Healani Casino Silva Comments (0) Recent How do you pick a good trainer? Gab-dol and Gab-soon start to date again The Garden Island newspaper’s first edition The giving on Kauai never ends Tim and Lynn Mira organize relationship workshop Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Kauai Community Players opens its 2017 season on Friday Posted: January 13, 2017 - 1:15 am Kauai Community Players opens its 2017 season tonight with the beloved sci-fi musical comedy, “Little Shop of Horrors” by Alan Menken and Howard Ashman. Comments (0) Crew creates four versions of killer plant for ‘Little Shop of Horrors’ Posted: January 13, 2017 - 1:00 am Sure, the cast of “Little Shop of Horrors” is great. But perhaps the real star of this Kauai Community Players production that opens tonight at the Puhi Theatrical Warehouse is Audrey II. Comments (0) Recent Gaylord’s restaurant at Kilohana is the perfect spot for a date night Connecting with Nippon Maru Birds of a feather flock to Kauai TGIFr!day for January 13, 2017 Jannik Evanoff wins international competition, will perform at Hamburg music festival Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News National Nikkei rises on weak yen but other Asian indexes mixed Story Comments Image (17) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Specialist Meric Greenbaum, left, works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Trader Frank O'Connell, left, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Traders William Lawrence, left, and John Santiago work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Trader Joseph Lawler works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Trader Craig Esposito, right, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Conduent CEO Ashok Vemuri, center, rings a ceremonial bell as his company's spinoff from Xerox begins trading on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Specialist Mario Picone works on a keyboard at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Trader Gregory Rowe works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Eugene Hoshiko European stocks dip after Japan starts 2017 with a bang Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models wave from the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Japanese languages at top read: "Happy New Year!" (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko European stocks dip after Japan starts 2017 with a bang A Kimono-clad employee of the Tokyo Stock Exchange tolls a bell as Finance Minister Taro Aso, right, smiles after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) View all 17 images in gallery. Posted: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 5:35 pm | Updated: 5:18 am, Wed Jan 4, 2017. Nikkei rises on weak yen but other Asian indexes mixed Associated Press | 0 comments TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Wednesday, as the Tokyo benchmark jumped in the first trading of 2017, helped by a weak yen. Other indexes lost some gains from earlier this week. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 added 2.2 percent to 19,536.72, while Australia's S&P/ASX 200 was little changed at 5,734.80. South Korea's Kospi edged up nearly 0.1 percent to 2,045.13. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.2 percent to 22,104.67, while the Shanghai Composite index gained 0.1 percent to 3,139.80. KIMONOS AND CLAPPING: The Tokyo Stock Exchange welcomed the new year in customary style as women in kimono clapped while Finance Minister Taro Aso rang a bell to celebrate this year's first session. The Nikkei surged as much as 400 yen at one point, as the weak yen, a boon for exporters, pushed auto shares including Honda Motor Co. higher. JAPAN MANUFACTURING: Investors were encouraged by Wednesday's release of the Nikkei Japan Manufacturing PMI, a survey of purchasing managers. The reading of 52.4 for December was its highest in a year. The figure is based on a scale of 0 to 100, where 50 marks the shift between contraction and expansion. Manufacturers cited rising orders from the U.S., China and Europe as one factor behind the improvement. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks broke a three-day losing streak, ushering in the new year with broad gains. The Dow Jones industrial average added 119.16 points, or 0.6 percent, to 19,881.76. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 19 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,257.83. The Nasdaq composite gained 45.97 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,429.08. THE QUOTE: "Strong sentiment at the start of the year coupled with volatility could be what 2017 has in store for the markets," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude added 33 cents to $52.66 a barrel in New York. It lost $1.39 to $52.33 a barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 34 cents to $55.81 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar remained strong, rising to 117.97 yen from 117.39 yen. The euro slumped to $1.0404 from $1.0481. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business ARTICLE: Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop ARTICLE: 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop Thousands attend US rallies to support Obama health law More about General News ARTICLE: Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Eddie Long, megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal, dies Eddie Long, megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal, dies ARTICLE: Eddie Long, megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal, dies 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol More about Oil And Gas Industry ARTICLE: Trudeau says the Canadian oil sands needs to be 'phased out' Oil pipeline safety rule scaled back after cost objections Oil pipeline safety rule scaled back after cost objections ARTICLE: Oil pipeline safety rule scaled back after cost objections 4 ex-governors oppose New Jersey natural gas pipeline plan Discuss Print   Posted in National, National and International, World on Tuesday, January 3, 2017 5:35 pm. Updated: 5:18 am. | Tags: Business, General News, Oil And Gas Industry, Stock Markets, Leading Economic Indicators, Economy, Energy Industry, Financial Markets, Commodity Markets, Corporate Stock, Corporate News, Consumer Product Manufacturing, Consumer Products And Services, Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, Health Care Industry, Prices, Manufacturing Sector Performance | Location Tags: United States, East Asia, North America, Asia, Japan, Tokyo Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Wailua heiau desecrated Finding refuge, with family Vog from Big Island to blanket Kauai over next few days Kauai twins to debut on Nickelodeon series Sunshine lawsuit advances All Kauai residents voice concerns, optimisms with ferry system (32) 3 ironwood trees poisoned, dying by Lae Nani condominiums (15) State considering plan to build a $500K crossing for Hanakapiai Stream (13) Multiple-family dwelling units can be built in all residential zones (11) Bright birds pollute neighborhoods with noise, poop (11) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Skip to main content Classic 105 East FM Kiss 100 Radio Jambo Mpasho Monday, January 16, 2017 Home Latest News Devolved Corruption Off Beat Pictorial World Today's Paper Corridors of Power Politics Profile Regional Central Coast North Eastern Nyanza Rift Valley Western Business Commentary Aly Khan Andrea Bohnstedt Chris Harrison James Mbugua Karen Kandie Features Property Sport Chess - B & W Gun Point Radull Predicts Opinion Alex Awiti Gwynne Dyer Hassan Ole Naado John Githongo Koigi Wamwere Miguna Miguna Moses Kuria Ngunjiri Wambugu Njonjo Kihuria Okech Kendo Patrick Gathara Project Syndicate Wycliffe Muga Yash Ghai Health Star Life Big Interview Columnist 5-Minute Interview Ask Valentine Diary of a Mum Family Law Medic's View Mutoko on Monday Parenting The Extreme Side Fashion Feature Agriculture Education Science & Environment Technology Society Asian Scene Just Bollywood Word Is Weekend Sasa Bushman Adventures G-Spot Love Matters Nairobi Living Samantha Chronicles The Last Round Siasa Katiba Corner Classified Cars Electronics Home & Garden Jobs Kids Pets Property Services Videos Sections...HomeLatest News - Devolved Corruption - Off Beat - Pictorial - WorldToday's Paper - Corridors of Power - Politics Profile - RegionalBusiness - Commentary - Features - Property Sport - Chess - B & W - Gun Point - Radull PredictsOpinion - Alex Awiti - Gwynne Dyer - Hassan Ole Naado - John Githongo - Koigi Wamwere - Miguna Miguna - Moses Kuria - Ngunjiri Wambugu - Njonjo Kihuria - Okech Kendo - Patrick Gathara - Project Syndicate - Wycliffe Muga - Yash GhaiHealthStar Life - Big Interview - Columnist - Fashion - Feature - Society - Word IsWeekend - Sasa - SiasaClassified - Cars - Electronics - Home & Garden - Jobs - Kids - Pets - Property - Services Videos Home Latest News The Conversation World Facebook Twitter G+ Instagram YouTube RSS 'Historic' success for Ebola vaccine in Guinea trial Jan. 03, 2017, 3:00 pm By REUTERS Health experts during a past Ebola response in West Africa. /FILE Facebook Twitter Google+ WhatsApp Email A vaccine developed by Merck is the first shown to be highly effective in preventing human infection with Ebola, according to final results from a clinical trial. Among 5,837 people who received the rVSV-EBOV vaccine in the trial in Guinea in 2015, no Ebola cases were recorded 10 days or more after vaccination, signalling 100 percent protection. More than 11,300 people died in West Africa's 2013-2016 epidemic of the virus, which causes hemorrhagic fever. "When the next Ebola outbreak hits, we will not be defenceless," said Marie-Paule Kieny, a World Health Organisation (WHO) assistant director-general and one of the lead researchers in the trial. Merck's rVSV-EBOV has already been used in Sierra Leone to contain a flare-up there. The Guinea trial took place in the coastal region of Basse-Guinée, which was still seeing new Ebola cases when the trial started in 2015. It used a "ring vaccination" approach, in which, when a new Ebola case was diagnosed, researchers traced all people who might have been in recent contact and logged them as clusters, or "rings", made up of an average of 80 people. At first, the clusters were assigned to receive the vaccine either immediately or after a three-week delay. After interim results showed 100 percent protection in those vaccinated immediately, the trial design was switched to allow all clusters to be given the shot straight away. The WHO said that if Ebola outbreaks occurred before the vaccine was given full regulatory approval, it could be made available though a compassionate use procedure after informed consent. John Edmunds, a professor of infectious disease modelling at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, whose team helped design the trial, hailed its success as "historic". "When Ebola strikes again we will be in a much better position to offer help to affected communities, as well as protect the brave volunteers who help control this terrible disease," he said in an emailed statement. GAVI, the global vaccine alliance, provided $5 million earlier this year to buy 300,000 doses of rVSV-EBOV as a stockpile for use during future Ebola outbreaks. Thank you for participating in discussions on The Star, Kenya. Note that: Unwarranted personal abuse and defamatory statements will be deleted. Strong personal criticism is acceptable if justified by facts and arguments. Deviation from points of discussion may lead to deletion of comments. View the discussion thread. Poll of the day Must read I will write to ICC about Duale, Kalonzo repeats in Garissa [VIDEO] Joho wanted suspected drug baron released, was not arrested, says Marwa Adama Barrow leaves Gambia after talks for Jammeh to step down fail Joho now enemy of the state for defying Jubilee, says ODM MPs ‘ignored’ petitions against IEBC nominees TVs, radios to lose licence and frequencies if they allow hate speech – CA Latest News Mane and Mahrez on target at Nations Cup IEBC to expunge names of dead voters from register beginning June Peter Kenneth makes Nairobi governor bid official as cliques draw battle lines Adama Barrow in Senegal after failed talks for president Jammeh to step aside Keter, Biwott demand Duale apologise to Moi for 1982 coup remarks IEBC launches mass voter registration phase 2, targets six million Popular in classifieds POPULAR SEARCHES IN CLASSIFIEDS Accounting Jobs in Kenya Cars for sale in Kenya Casual Jobs in Kenya Human Resource management Jobs in Kenya Casual Jobs in Nairobi Cleaning Jobs in Kenya CPA Jobs in Kenya Customer Service Jobs in Kenya Driver Jobs in Nairobi Residential houses for sale in Nairobi Popular in Latest news 1 [VIDEO] Joho wanted suspected drug baron released, was not arrested, says Marwa 2 Adama Barrow leaves Gambia after talks for Jammeh to step down fail 3 I will write to ICC about Duale, Kalonzo repeats in Garissa 4 Businesswoman drags Mungatana into Sh51 million Kilifi county scam Popular in National news 1 Uhuru says opposition is led by mad men 2 Kids in 8 counties could be malnourished as 2m Kenyans face hunger 3 Police raid Joho home, detain him 4 Firms told to verify authenticity of staffers’ schooling Popular in Business news 1 State for third time bids to build Sh200bn dam 2 Why Egyptian firm is selling its stake in Kenya-Uganda railway 3 Commercial law guide to speed up cases Popular in Sport news 1 Tricky draw for Stars 2 Le Roy keen on spoilers’ role at Afcon 3 Starlets, Telkom lead hunt for Soya Awards team title Partner sites Classic 105 East FM Kiss 100 Radio Jambo Mpasho Follow The Star, Kenya Facebook Twitter G+ Instagram YouTube RSS Online services Mobile App (Android) Mobile App (iOS) The Star, Classifieds The Star, Health The Star, e-Paper © 2017 The Star, Kenya. All Rights Reserved
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Lifestyle ‘No one warns you’: Mum’s frank admission Eating spicy food may lead to longer life ‘I can’t fathom life without him’ Dance teacher ‘had sex with teen’ ‘As many sexual partners as they can get’ Wet T-shirt contest, or a clever ad? Teacher jailed after falling pregnant to 13-year-old Video a warning to other parents health health problems Implantable mobile phones and other breakthroughs to look out for in 2017 January 3, 20171:33pm Video Image Seven News: Painkillers containing codeine will require a prescription in 20180:20 Medicines containing codeine will no longer be available over the counter in 2018 amid ongoing concerns about overuse and abuse of the pain killer. December 20th 2016 a month ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/ Scientists predict that we are on the cusp of the fourth industrial revolution as artificial intelligence, robotics, synthetics and the internet of things change the way we do things. Picture: iStock Sue DunlevyNews Corp Australia Network Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend EXCLUSIVE AN implantable mobile phone that will diagnose your illnesses and connect you to the internet and a drug that can improve your learning and memory will be on the horizon in 2017. And look out for the new wide view bionic eye that is now in trials and, unlike the prototype that needed an external plug, it is fully implantable and portable. Human trials of a revolutionary device called a nanopatch that has eliminated the need for a needle in immunisation are currently underway and are expected to report in 2017. An app that will help vision impaired people, and others, navigate shopping centres, find toilets and fire exits and other public places is in development. A smart watch that will help kids with autism manage their daily routines is due to be launched mid to late next year. And new treatments that attack the cancer stem cells which survive radiotherapy and chemotherapy will be trialled. Scientists predict that we are on the cusp of the fourth industrial revolution as artificial intelligence, robotics, synthetics and the internet of things change the way we do things and Australian researchers are at the helm. First mechanisation and steam transformed our lives, then electricity, recently it was digitalisation and the internet, the next revolution will be about artificial intelligence, robotics and the internet of things. University of Queensland’s Professor Mark Kendall’s needle free vaccine delivery invention — the Nanopatch — is poised to take the fear out of immunisation and remove the need for vaccines to be refrigerated. And it could slash the price of vaccination one hundredfold because using the skin to prompt an immune response is more efficient and requires less vaccine. Professor Mark Kendall pictured with his Nanopatch needle-free vaccine device in his lab at the University of Queensland. Picture: Tim MarsdenSource:News Corp Australia The cervical cancer vaccine invented by another Australian Professor Ian Frazer costs $50 to make but if it could be delivered via the nanopatch it would cost just 50 cents making it accessible to the global population, says Professor Kendall. Reports on outcomes of the first human trials of the nanopatch are expected next year. The one centimetre square of silicone, studded with 20,000 vaccine coated micro projections that perforate the skin activates immune cells immediately below the skin. Tests on mice showed the device increased the immune response in rodents and could mean less vaccine was needed. Australian Venture capital company Vaxxas has partnered with pharmaceutical company Merck, a major vaccine manufacturer and is currently conducting the first trails of the patch on humans in Brisbane. Late next year further trials of the patch in conjunction with the World Health Organisation will test its success in delivering the Polio vaccine in Cuba. But for Professor Kendall the nanopatch is just the start. He attended a World Economic Forum meeting in Davos this year where there was talk of an implantable mobile phone. The idea has mesmerised the Australian scientist and he wants to be involved. “Being a futurist is a tricky business but it is very easy to visualise an implantable you don’t see serving the full function of a mobile phone, detecting key biomarkers in the body that can have a huge impact on personalised medicine,” he says. Professor Mark Kendall pictured with his Nanopatch needle-free vaccine device in his lab at the University of Queensland. Picture: Tim MarsdenSource:News Corp Australia At the moment medicines are trialled and delivered based on what is known to work on the average person but within the next ten years Kendall believes we will be able to practice bespoke medicine. We’ll be able to detect what happens in each individual’s body and tailor the therapy on an individual level. That’s where the implantable mobile phone comes in, it will be able to check biomarkers in the body to tell how you are responding to treatments, it will pick up the first signs of illness and, just like your pedometer interfaces with your computer tracking your activity, the new device will too alert your doctors to emerging illnesses or adverse events from your medicine. “I believe we can make a contribution in that space,” Professor Kendall says. In Adelaide biopharmaceutical company Bionomics is on the threshold of what could be the next blockbuster drug, a treatment that improves cognition and memory. The BNC375 treatment targets the alpha 7 receptor in the brain, spleen and lymphocytes of lymph nodes, it is critical for memory, working memory, learning and attention. Bionomics has won a $506 million deal with pharmaceutical company Merck for research on the treatment and the first human clinical trial is imminent. Bionomics CEO Deborah Rathgen says the treatment might be useful in Parkinson’s disease, schizophrenia, ADHD and Alzheimer’s disease. This is important because recently a promising Alzheimer’s treatment that targeted the beta amyloid plaques that accumulate between nerve cells in the brain fell over with trials showing it was no better than a placebo. However, BCN375’s importance extends way beyond treating the disease that is now Australia’s second biggest killer. Scientists are changing modern medicine everyday. Picture: iStockSource:Supplied “We’ve done tests in mice and primates that showed in various settings where cognition was impaired or declined in aged animals or induced memory loss and BCN375 can restore memory quite dramatically,” Ms Rathgen says. “There is natural decline in memory as people age and if we have a drug that is safe and effective you can think more broadly than Alzheimer’s disease,” she says. To test the treatment mice were given the novel object recognition test. They were given one object to explore and then introduced to a new object, if they had diminishing memory they continued to explore the old object because they could not remember it, primates also played memory games on the computer to test if the drug worked. The first human trials will use healthy volunteers to see if the drug improves their memory. Rathgen says its “pretty terrific” the treatment has been developed in Australia and when you consider they key Alzheimer’s treatment today has sales of over $4 billion a year, if BNC375 works it will be a money spinner. Bionomics is also working on two other treatments, an anxiety therapy called BNC210 that is being trialled on people suffering Post Traumatic Stress Disorder in Australia. It has another treatment BNC101 that attacks cancer stem cells that are resistant to radiotherapy and chemotherapy, that is currently in clinical trials in Australia on people with metastatic colon cancer. The bionic eye was one of the standout ideas from former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd’s 2020 Summit and its development is proceeding apace. A basic device that required a person to be hooked up to a desktop computer showed promise and in 2017 trials will begin on a second generation device that is portable and have double the number of electrodes. In the new device electrode arrays will be implanted between the two back layers of the eye using surgery. The idea is it will help people with poor sight identify shapes, perceive movement, and undertake unassisted navigation tasks. The original device required an external plug to connect electrodes to lab equipment, the new device will be fully implantable and portable. The bionic eye which is being developed in Australia. Picture: News Corp AustraliaSource:News Limited The first trial conducted by Bionic Vision Australia commenced in 2012 and involved the implant of a 24-electrodes, the new device has 44 electrodes. Another device that will help the visually impaired is AudiBle — an app that will allow people to find public toilets, fire exits and other places in shopping centres and other public places. Chartered Accountant Anna Wright, who is visually impaired herself, says current GPS systems are not that useful because they are only accurate to within 5-7 metres outside and worse inside a building “and that still means you could get hit by a bus”. To develop her idea she has been awarded $100,000 by SheStarts an initiative to kick start new technologies developed by women supported by the, ANZ, MYOB, GSK, Sunsuper and the University Technology Sydney. The idea is to use tiny beacons installed in public buildings and Radio Frequency identification tags (similar to a bar code) to direct people to public toilets and other places inside building. The technology will be linked to smart phones and voice operated and will speak to people directing them to where they want to go. If you are male it will be programmed to automatically direct you to the male toilet. “They leave braille on buildings now but blind people don’t know it’s there,” says Ms Wright. The technology will be trialled at the Unversity of Technology in Sydney next year. Another technology sponsored by SheStarts is Habot, a smart watch to help children with autism complete their morning and evening routines, remember after school activities, and bringing home readers and assignments. The developers of the technology Alex Armitage and Michelle Hughes say children with autism often lack self-regulation skills and they and their parents get stressed which can make the child suffering extreme anxiety and unable to perform to their full potential. Using Habot parents will be able to create and manage their child’s detailed routines for weekdays and weekends that provide visual, vibratory and auditory prompts (preference selectable) and targets, and also tracks achievements and rewards. The 15,000 Australians currently paralysed by spinal cord injuries will get a boon next year courtesy of a $3 million donation from the Neilson Foundation to establish an Australian arm of a program using spinal neuromodulation to help paraplegics and quadriplegics regain movement. The program at the University of Technology Sydney will involve Professor Reggie Edgerton of UCLA in California the pioneer of spinal neuromodulationand will be the first time such a program has been established outside of the USA. Leave a comment Add your comment to this story Show Comments Jump back to top Right now in lifestyle 1426Readers Matthew Hall death: Husband of woman about to give birth suc... 944Readers Stomach skin wrinkles after pregnancy: Photo goes viral afte... 382Readers Ovarian cancer symptoms: ‘Overnight I looked five months pre... 335Readers Lauren DeBenedetta arrested for alleged sex with 15-year-old... 355Readers LSD: How microdosing saved Ayelet Waldman’s mind, marriage a... A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate National Politics British Columbia Alberta Toronto World Video Home» News» National HEALTH CARE Why world-beating tropical drugs are so hard to get in Canada Doctors say they’re needed badly, but drug makers say the market is too small for them to turn a profit Tracey Ceccarelli’s father, Alberto, spent around five months in and out of hospitals before it was discovered that he suffered from a parasitic illness called strongyloidias. By the time it was diagnosed, the medicine, ivermectin, wasn’t able to save him. Fred Lum/The Globe and Mail Kelly Grant HEALTH REPORTER The Globe and Mail Last updated: Tuesday, Jan. 03, 2017 7:26AM EST Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Comments When an Alberta man mysteriously fell ill in the fall, it took a team of doctors and a biopsy of the patient’s muscle tissue to discover the cause: sarcocystosis, a rare parasitic infection. The patient’s doctors wanted to treat him with albendazole, a common anti-worm pill that has been used safely around the globe for more than 20 years, and which is on the World Health Organization’s list of essential medicines. But albendazole is not available in Canada. A Health Canada program that allows seriously ill patients to obtain unlicensed drugs – known as the Special Access Programme (SAP) – turned down the doctors’ request. So Stan Houston, a University of Alberta professor of medicine and public health who was in Zimbabwe for work, walked into a private pharmacy in the southern African country, plunked down $60 (U.S.) and brought home in his suitcase a 14-day course of albendazole for the patient, who was being treated by some of Dr. Houston’s medical colleagues. “I’m not quite sure of the legality, but I’m totally comfortable with the ethics of it,” Dr. Houston said. “The bottom line is that, after immense thought and effort and investigation, real experts thought this was the best thing to do … and SAP said no.” Albendazole is one of a handful of older, world-beating medications that tropical-medicine doctors and infectious-disease specialists say are badly needed in Canada, but that cannot be prescribed because no pharmaceutical company has stepped up to license them here. The problem is not the safety or efficacy of these drugs. It’s the size of the Canadian market. Drug makers cannot wring a profit from pills that only a few hundred migrants and travellers take every year. Health Canada’s solution to this problem has been to funnel requests for older drugs such as albendazole through SAP, the same route terminally ill patients take to access new, cutting-edge treatments not yet licensed in Canada. But doctors say SAP can be opaque, arbitrary and slow, and that its rules sometimes keep the best drugs out of the hands of Canadians who need them. To qualify, patients must have a “serious” or “life-threatening” illness for which there is no other treatment on the market, forcing people who are sick but not dying to settle for second-rate drugs. Health Canada officials are reluctant to expand SAP’s mandate or to allow the stockpiling of more special-access drugs in major centres, as they already do with two intravenous therapies for severe malaria. If Health Canada stretches the rules too far, it risks opening a back door that could allow pharmaceutical companies to bypass the Health Canada drug-approval process altogether. “It is a bit of a uniquely Canadian, self-inflicted thing,” said Adam Houston, a lawyer and PhD candidate at the University of Ottawa who is working on a research paper about the Special Access Programme with three co-authors, including his father, the same Dr. Houston who brought albendazole home in his suitcase. “A small number of people need these drugs. To make sure there’s some kind of access, we’ve shoehorned them into SAP, even though SAP is very, very clearly not designed for Nobel Prize-winning drugs that were invented 40 years ago.” The Nobel Prize-winning drug to which Mr. Houston is referring is ivermectin, a parasite-killing therapy that has dramatically reduced the incidence of onchocerciasis, or river blindness, in the developing world. Ivermectin cures a host of diseases caused by parasitic worms, including strongyloidiasis, the infection for which it is most often needed in Canada. Strongyloides are microscopic roundworms that people can pick up while walking barefoot in sand or soil in most tropical regions. The worms penetrate the skin and settle in the bowel, where, in about half of all cases, they lie dormant for years without causing any symptoms. But if a person’s immune system is suppressed with chemotherapy, steroids or other drugs, the worm’s larvae can escape the bowel and spread throughout the body, causing disseminated strongyloidiasis, an infection that is lethal in 90 per cent of cases. Ivermectin cures strongyloidiasis – if the infection is caught in time. It wasn’t in the case of Alberto Ceccarelli. Mr. Ceccarelli, a retired baggage handler for Air Canada, was a father of two who loved hunting and prided himself on his ability to fix anything. He was in the midst of single-handedly repairing his flood-damaged Etobicoke basement when he started suffering persistent diarrhea and weight loss about three years ago, his daughter, Tracey Ceccarelli, said. Mr. Ceccarelli went to the hospital, where the doctors who misdiagnosed him with ulcerative colitis treated him with steroids and anti-inflammatory medicines, unwittingly awakening the strongyloides he had no idea were in his bowel. “Five days later, that’s when all hell broke loose,” Ms. Ceccarelli said. “It was literally four months of infection after infection.” After a heart attack, stroke, meningitis and stints in four different hospitals, a doctor finally tested him for strongyloides in August of 2014. He died a week later at the age of 67. Andrea Boggild, a tropical-medicine specialist at Toronto General Hospital who has been helping Mr. Ceccarelli’s family raise awareness of the disease, said the widespread infection was discovered too late for oral ivermectin to have saved him, even if the medications had been readily available. But Dr. Boggild said Mr. Ceccarelli’s case underlines the need for swift access to ivermectin and albendazole, which she uses in combination to treat strongyloidiasis. Ivermectin cures strongyloidiasis – if the infection is caught in time. It wasn’t in the case of Alberto Ceccarelli. Family photo “If you’ve got a patient in the ICU and they’ve got gram-negative sepsis or gram-negative meningitis and all of sudden someone thinks, ‘Wait a second, maybe we should test for strongyloidiasis’ and, lo and behold, they’re pumping out larvae, you can see how a six-day turnaround time is unacceptable,” Dr. Boggild said. Supriya Sharma, Health Canada’s Chief Medical Officer, said the Special Access Programme makes “every effort” to respond to requests within 24 hours. The program has someone on call 24 hours a day, 365 days of the year, she said. Many of the doctors interviewed for this story also said they have seen requests for ivermectin for strongyloidiasis approved within a day or two. The drug is frequently requested and the infection clearly meets SAP’s guidelines. What is the Special Access Programme? Health Canada’s Special Access Programme (SAP) allows doctors to obtain unlicensed drugs for individual patients battling “serious” or “life-threatening” illnesses, so long as there are not alternative treatments already on the market in Canada. Physicians can apply through SAP for cutting-edge drugs that are not yet licensed here, or for long-established medications that pharmaceutical companies won’t sell in Canada’s small market. With a salary budget of about $700,000 per year and the equivalent of nine full-time employees, the SAP issued more than 14,000 authorizations for access to unapproved drugs in 2015. But when Dr. Boggild and a medical student reviewed all of the SAP requests that Toronto General Hospital’s Tropical Disease Unit filed for ivermectin and albendazole between 2013 and 2015, they found the average turnaround times were much longer: nine days in 2013, seven in 2014 and five in 2015. Even in cases of strongyloidiasis hyperinfection, more than five days elapsed between a doctor submitting an SAP request and the Tropical Disease Unit receiving the drug, according to a summary of Dr. Boggild’s review published last month in the American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene. Ms. Ceccarelli tested positive for strongyloides in her system after her father’s death. She wasn’t displaying any symptoms. Doctors do not know where the father and daughter picked up the worms, or even if they picked them up in the same place. The elder Ceccarelli was born in rural Italy and could have acquired strongyloides as a child. Both he and his daughter travelled widely and could have got the worms on vacation. ‘It was literally four months of infection after infection,’ Tracey Ceccarelli, above, says of her father’s strongyloidiasis. Fred Lum/The Globe and Mail After testing positive, Ms. Ceccarelli had to wait two weeks for ivermectin. “You’re told you have a parasite in your body. The first thing you think is, ‘Get it out of me,’ especially knowing that it killed my father,” she said. “I knew it wasn’t affecting me at that moment, but it’s psychological.” Part of the reason for delays, Dr. Boggild and other doctors say, is the cumbersome process. Applications have to be faxed to Ottawa, where SAP’s reviewers often reject requests at first, asking for more information on the patient or more evidence from the medical literature. After SAP authorizes a request, the drug still has to be shipped. “It has been an extremely frustrating process,” said Stephen Vaughan, a clinical assistant professor at the University of Calgary and an infectious-disease consultant. “[One response] we often get is to try an alternative medication, even though it’s been shown in high-quality studies that the SAP medication is the treatment of choice. The other [response] is just to provide more literature or better evidence, even though many of us have submitted this application 50 times. They know – or they should know – the evidence for a number of these common indications.” Delays are one issue. Gaps in Health Canada’s approach to unlicensed drugs are another. Consider cutaneous larva migrans (CLM), a skin disease caused by cat or dog hookworms common in the tropics. If one of the parasites finds its way into a human, it crawls around under the skin, searching in vain for a canine or feline blood vessel to hook onto. CLM causes itching so intense it keeps people from sleeping or working. But it does not kill. Unlike strongyloidiasis, CLM does not strictly fit SAP’s “serious” or “life-threatening” criteria, meaning SAP often – but not always – rejects requests for ivermectin or albendazole to treat it, doctors say. Ivermectin and Canada When the Japanese microbiologist Satoshi Omura and the American biologist William C. Campbell were awarded a share of the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine in 2015, the prize committee described their joint discovery of ivermectin as revolutionary. “The importance of ivermectin for improving the health and well-being of millions of individuals with river blindness and lymphatic filariasis, primarily in the poorest regions of the world, is immeasurable. Treatment is so successful that these diseases are on the verge of eradication, which would be a major feat in the medical history of humankind.” The pharmaceutical giant Merck, which makes Mectizan, the brand-name version of ivermectin, has donated more than two billion treatment courses of the drug since 1987, which explains why the drug is so widely available in Africa, Asia and South America. But ivermectin is not routinely available in Canada because neither Merck nor any generic manufacturer has applied to license it for such a small market. Merck only sells Mectizan in the United States, France, the Netherlands, Mexico, Japan, Australia and Taiwan, according to a spokeswoman for the company. Generic versions are available all over the world. But some other countries, including Britain, rely on their own versions of Health Canada’s Special Access Programme to obtain ivermectin on a case-by-case basis. In Canada, Merck provides ivermectin for free through the SAP. “It’s a Catch-22,” said Anne McCarthy, an Ottawa tropical-medicine doctor and the chair of the Committee to Advise on Tropical Medicine and Travel, which provides advice to the Public Health Agency of Canada. “If you say somebody has cutaneous larva migrans, it’s not unreasonable for [SAP] to reject that. That’s the problem.” Ryan Cooper, an Edmonton infectious-disease doctor who specializes in tuberculosis, has run into a similar problem with rifapentine, a medication that is not licensed in Canada, but that could help stop the spread of TB. Although rare among non-aboriginals born in Canada, TB remains a concern in First Nations communities, especially in the North. When doctors diagnose a case of active TB, they try to find the patient’s family, friends and neighbours and start them on a course of preventive treatment that can require as many as 270 pills – a pill a day for nine months. Rifapentine, combined with another drug that is already available in Canada, can provide the same result if taken once a week for three months. But a medication for patients who are not yet sick, and who have access to an alternative drug, hardly fits SAP’s mandate. Still, Dr. Cooper managed to convince SAP to release some rifapentine last year when active cases of TB were diagnosed on two reserves outside Calgary. “They gave us a few courses before they realized this was more of a routine use, rather than a special use,” he said. “I think I probably could have pushed it, but each individual case I had to negotiate. That generated quite a bit of delay in getting the pill to the ground where the patients need it.” Dr. Sharma, Health Canada’s chief medical officer, said SAP has not received many requests for rifapentine. The Public Health Agency of Canada is about to conduct a survey of TB doctors to see if there is a broader public health need for the drug, she added. But if there is a wider need for rifapentine, what can Health Canada do if no drug company can recoup its costs – never mind turn a profit – by selling the drug here? In the case of ivermectin and albendazole, Health Canada has worked behind the scenes in the past to persuade the drugs’ makers to apply for market authorization, at the urging of physicians such as Dr. McCarthy and Brian Ward, the associate director of the J.D. MacLean Centre for Tropical Diseases at McGill University in Montreal. Despite Health Canada offering expedited reviews and reduced application fees, Merck, which makes ivermectin, and GSK, which makes albendazole, have declined. Both companies give the drugs away for free through Canada’s Special Access Programme. Sandra Wainwright, the executive director of regulatory affairs at Merck Canada, said the company’s decision not to market ivermectin in Canada goes back to the mid-1990s when there was little need for the drug here. Now, as more immigrants, refugees and travellers arrive in Canada from tropical regions, Merck is reconsidering. Ms. Wainwright said Merck is in “very preliminary” discussions with Health Canada about applying to license ivermectin. “It would totally be driven by needs expressed by the community. That certainly is not a commercially driven activity.” The number of Canadians who request ivermectin through SAP may be small, but it is growing, according to figures compiled by Health Canada for The Globe and Mail. In 2015, doctors requested the drug 685 times, up 43 per cent from 444 requests in 2012. Of those requests, about 80 per cent were granted, roughly the same authorization rate as the previous three years. Requests for albendazole have bounced around more – 220 in 2015, 287 in 2014, 261 in 2013 and 234 in 2012 – and the authorization rate has ranged from a low of 62 per cent in 2012 to a high of 81 per cent in 2013. SAP requests for five other unlicensed drugs on the tropical-medicine community’s wish list ranged from a handful to several dozen annually, depending on the drug and the year. GSK declined an interview request, but a spokeswoman said by e-mail that, “due to the rare occurrence of parasitic worm infections in Canada, and the permission to provide albendazole through Health Canada’s Special Access Program, we made the decision not to seek approval to market the product locally.” Dr. Sharma said Health Canada is working hard to make SAP work better, including by asking its reviewers to pick up the phone and explain to doctors why they initially reject applications. For Dr. Vaughan in Calgary, improvements cannot come fast enough. “What I worry about most is that we’re going to have a patient that’s going to become very ill with disseminated strongyloidiasis, or they may even die, while waiting for the treatment to be approved and transferred from Ottawa to a site. I don’t want a case like that to have to happen before there are changes to the system.” Follow Kelly Grant on Twitter: @kellygrant1 MORE FROM THE GLOBE AND MAIL How a little-known patent sparked Canada’s opioid crisis Grant Robertson and Karen Howlett tell the untold story of how a single pill ignited one of the biggest pharmaceutical battles in Canadian history. Report Typo/Error Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King St. E., Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Business » Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Market to 2021- Growth, Share, Opportunities, Analysis and Forecast: Acute Market Reports Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Market to 2021- Growth, Share, Opportunities, Analysis and Forecast: Acute Market Reports By ganeshkumar   /   Wednesday, 04 Jan 2017 03:45AM   /   Comments Off on Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Market to 2021- Growth, Share, Opportunities, Analysis and Forecast: Acute Market Reports   /   98 views share Notes: Sales, means the sales volume of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Revenue, means the sales value of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System This report studies sales (consumption) of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System in Europe market, especially in Germany, UK, France, Italy, Spain and Russia, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Novartis Pfizer, Inc. Roche Sanofi Merck & Co., Inc. GlaxoSmithKline plc Johnson & Johnson AstraZeneca plc. Eli Lilly and Company Abbvie AMGen Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Bayer AG Bristol-Myers Squibb Astellas Pharma Daiichi Sankyo Abbott Laboratories Yangtze River Pharmaceutical Group BAX Browse Full Report Visit – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-drugs-that-affect-the-adrenergic-nervous-system-market-report-to-2021 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Europe into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like Germany France UK Italy Spain Russia Split by product types, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Adrenergic Drugs Adrenergic Receptor Antagonist Type III Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System in each application, can be divided into First Level Hospital Two Level Hospital Three Level Hospital Others Browse All Reports of This Category – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/pharmaceutical-market 1 Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System 1.2 Classification of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System 1.2.1 Adrenergic Drugs 1.2.2 Adrenergic Receptor Antagonist 1.2.3 Type III 1.3 Applications of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System 1.3.1 First Level Hospital 1.3.2 Two Level Hospital 1.3.3 Three Level Hospital 1.3.4 Others 1.4 Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Market by Regions 1.4.1 Germany Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 France Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 UK Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Italy Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 Spain Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 Russia Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Europe Market Size (Value and Volume) of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System (2011-2021) 1.5.1 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales, Revenue and Price (2011-2021) 1.5.2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 1.5.3 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System by Manufacturers, Type and Application 2.1 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1.1 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.1.2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 2.2.2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 2.3 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System (Volume and Value) by Regions 2.3.1 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Regions (2011-2021) 2.3.2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2011-2021) 2.4 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System (Volume) by Application 3 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Value (2011-2021) 3.1.1 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 3.1.2 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 3.1.3 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales Price Trend (2011-2021) 3.2 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 3.3 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Type 3.4 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Applications 4 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4.1 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Value (2011-2021) 4.1.1 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 4.1.2 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 4.1.3 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales Price Trend (2011-2021) 4.2 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 4.3 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Type 4.4 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Applications Latest Reports : http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-automotive-door-market-report-2016 http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-automotive-chassisc-system-market-report-2016 http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-aquarium-air-pump-market-report-2016 About – Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Contact Us : Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Office No 101, 1st Floor , Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 India: +91 7755981103 Email : sales@acutemarketreports.com Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com Share this: Share on Tumblr Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Market to 2021- Growth, Share, Opportunities, Analysis and Forecast: Acute Market Reports < Previous Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Market to 2021- Growth, Share, Opportunities, Analysis and Forecast: Acute Market Reports Next > Recommended stories you may like: Photoresistor Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Photomultiplier Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Photoionization Detector Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Phototransistor Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Connect with us Latest News Photoresistor Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Photoresistor Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Photomultiplier Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Photomultiplier Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Photoionization Detector Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Photoionization Detector Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Phototransistor Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Phototransistor Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Photomultiplier Tubes Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Photomultiplier Tubes Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Photodiode Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Photodiode Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Photodetector Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Photodetector Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Thermopile Laser Sensors Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Thermopile Laser Sensors Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Bottled Water Testing Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Bottled Water Testing Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Optical Position Sensor Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Optical Position Sensor Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Global Anti Aging Products and Therapies Market by Product & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Anti Aging Products and Therapies Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 04, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies market is accounted for $127.9 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $237.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 9.2% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increasing demand for anti-aging hair care products, rise in urbanization and per capita income, advancement in cosmetic technologies, Laser/Energy-Based Cosmetic Treatments and aging population worldwide are driving the market growth. Stringent regulatory environment and safety concerns related to anti-aging products & devices are expected to constrain the market. Emerging economies, new product development and innovations will provide an opportunity for the market to grow. The skin lightening market is expected to grow with highest CAGR for the forecast period. The LED therapy devices segment occupies the largest share followed by lasabrasion devices market in devices segment. The product market accounts for the largest share of the overall anti-aging product and services market. North America is the leading Market for anti-aging market due to high awareness about aging. Asia Pacific market is expected to grow further followed by Rest of The Word. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/anti-aging-products-and-therapies-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Some of the key players in global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies market are L'OrÃ©al SA, Merck & Company Inc, Johnson & Johnson, Allergan Inc, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Unilever PLC, Elizabeth Arden Inc, Novartis International AG, Avon Products Inc, Henkel KgaA, Beiersdorf AG, Woodridge Labs Inc, Coty Inc., Photomedex and Solta Medical, Inc. Products Covered: -Multifunctional -Anti - stretch marks -Anti ageing -Natural or Organic -Skin Lightening Devices Covered: - Laser Aesthetic Devices -Anti-Cellulite Treatment Devices -Radiofrequency Devices -UV absorbers -LED/infrared light therapy devices -Cryotherapy Skincare Devices -Microcurrent & Ultrasound Skincare Devices -Electrosurgery Skincare Devices Active Ingredients Covered: -Argirelline -Vitamin C -Epidermal growth factors -Co-enzyme Q1 -Retinol -Sun Protection Factor (SPF) -Hyaluronic acid -Arbutin -Hydroquinone -kojic Acid -Licorice Extract -Vitamin B3 -Mulberry Extract -Glycolic Acid -Other Ingredients Therapies Covered: -Eye-Lid Surgery -Hormone replacement therapy -Breast Augmentation -Chemical peels -Hair Restoration Services -Gene therapy -Predictive medicine -Proteomics -Genomics -Botox -Anti-Pigmentation Therapy -Rejuvenation and dermal filler -Liposuction -Telomere based therapy -Abdominoplasty -Sclerotherapy -Injectable skin -Electrosurgery Disease and conditions Covered: -Bone and Joint Conditions -Respiratory Disorders -Cardiovascular Disorders -Urinary Incontinence -Endocrine Disorders -Sexual Dysfunction -Eye Disorders Demographics Covered: -Generation X -Baby boomers -Generation Y Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322834/sample 13 Company Profiling 13.1 Loreal Paris 13.2 Estee Lauder 13.3 Bio Pharma US Corp 13.4 Unilever PLC 13.5 Johnson & Johnson 13.6 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 13.7 Elizabeth Arden 13.8 Allergan, Inc. 13.9 Henkel KgaA 13.10 Beiersdorf AG 13.11 Woodridge Labs Inc 13.12 Coty Inc. 13.13 Photomedex 13.14 Solta Medical, Inc 13.15 Novartis International AG Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322834/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 January 20174 January 2017 by Attendee List Released for #pharmasocialmedia 2017 Registration for the 9th Social Media in the Pharmaceutical Industry conference closes in 2 weeks. SMi’s Social Media in the Pharmaceutical Industry conference opens in London on 18th & 19th January. The 2017 event has attracted a global audience of HCPs, marketers and social media experts from nations including Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, India, Italy, UK, USA and more. A list of attendees has been released which includes representatives from companies pioneering digital healthcare innovation such as AbbVie, AstraZeneca, Chiesi, CREATION, Daiichi Sankyo, Dexcel Pharma, Digital Health and Care Alliance, Doctors.net.uk, Eli Lilly, Facebook, GE Healthcare, GE Healthcare, Grunenthal, GS1, LEO Pharma, Lundbeck, Medicines for Europe, MHRA, MSD, NSF Health Sciences, Pfizer, Pulsar, Stevanato Group, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, and more. The full roster can be found on www.social-media-pharma.com/OpenPR. Social Media in the Pharmaceutical Industry 2017 extends a platform to explore key topics such as leveraging social media to build stronger brands, digital content marketing; advancements in technology, mHealth apps, regulatory updates, patient engagement, and building social networks for HCPs. Event highlights include the following: • Social media giant Facebook to showcase how to optimise the channel for evidence-based healthcare conversations to reach and engage the right patients and creative best practices for branded and unbranded campaigns. • Social media guru Julie O’ Donnell to discuss understanding the big players and emerging opportunities on social channels and how to future proof digital strategies from content to platform to distribution. • A spotlight onthe EU Innovative Medicines Initiative’s WEB-RADR project and current mobile apps used for data collection and pharmacovigilance, as well as policies and ethical guidance on appropriate use with MHRA. • Pfizer explores opportunities and challenges for dedicated social media digital services within the sector featuring case studies on how digital services can deliver value within pharma brands. • AbbVie, Leo Pharma, Pfizer to discuss the benefits of using digital cross-platform strategies as a resource for clinical trial engagement and recruitment. • Case studies and a panel discussion on the success of building online communities for HCPs and employee activation from GE Healthcare, MSD, Doctors.net.uk, Lupus UK, and Health Unlocked. A detailed agenda and full speaker line-up can be viewed on the website. For more updates on the conference, follow SMi Group on @smipharm and join the conversation using #pharmasocialmedia on Twitter. Social Media in the Pharmaceutical Industry 18 & 19 January 2017 Holiday Inn Kensington Forum, London, UK www.social-media-pharma.com/openPR —end — Contact Information: For sponsorship and exhibition queries please contact Alia Malick at amalick@smi-online.co.uk. For delegate queries please contact Fateja Begum at fbegum@smi-online.co.uk. For media queries please contact Honey de Gracia at hdegracia@smi-online.co.uk. About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at www.smi-online.co.uk 1 Westminster Bridge Road SE1 7XW This release was published on openPR. Tagscompany, engage Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Medgold Issues Shares for Services Next PostNext Global 3D Metrology Systems Market to grow at a CAGR of 7.31% during the period 2016-2020: Key Vendors such as Carl Zeiss AG, Mitutoyo Corp., Faro Technologies Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability 16 January 2017 MYANMAR MINING: MiTA Myanmar Mining Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 The Quiet Room Label is Working on the Development of the First Global Quiet Hotel Room App 16 January 2017 Statement by Peabody Energy 16 January 2017 Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report 16 January 2017 Hawaiian Telcom Announces SEA-US Cable Has Secured FCC License 16 January 2017 Solution Tree Acquires Hawker Brownlow Professional Learning Solutions 16 January 2017 China Rapid Finance Adds to Awards Haul with Hurun Honor 16 January 2017 Direct Debi recognised by Institute of Certified Bookkeepers 16 January 2017 MYANMAR OIL AND GAS: MiTA Myanmar Oil & Gas Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics BAC P Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Stock Is Defying the Bears! MRK stock gives bulls an early 2017 trading signal By Serge Berger, Head Trader & Strategist, The Steady Trader  |  Jan 4, 2017, 7:51 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: How Will Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Stock React to Q4 Earnings? Donald Trump Puts Humana Inc (HUM) Stock on My Buy Radar How to Trade Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stock AFTER Earnings Recent Posts: How Will Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Stock React to Q4 Earnings? Donald Trump Puts Humana Inc (HUM) Stock on My Buy Radar How to Trade Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock After Earnings View All Posts The first trading day of 2017 was a mixed session. Although the broader indices ended higher on the day, underneath the surface, things traded in a sloppy fashion. Healthcare stocks lead the bounce, however, and Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) in particular caught my eye. See, healthcare stocks struggled in 2016’s second half, at least in part due to regulatory concerns around where a new U.S. administration will come down on them. Donald Trump’s victory seemed to bring a little more clarity to the picture, though that didn’t last for long. But on Tuesday, MRK stock bounced off a technically important level — plus, shares look ripe for additional buying pressure. Before digging into the charts of Merck stock, let me reiterate that the first two trading weeks of January (basically through Jan. 15) typically exhibit some of the most volatile price action, and with a downward bias. As such, while what I’m about to present is a valid trade idea, in the name of risk management, I think it would be prudent to trade with reduced size and well-defined stop-losses in place. Merck next reports earnings on Feb. 2, which given the potential regulatory overhang may only be marginally important as to the stock’s intermediate-term direction. Still, for MRK stock, this is a date to circle. MRK Stock Charts First, let’s look at the multiyear weekly chart. Click to Enlarge We can see here that despite the sharp rally off the 2009 financial crisis lows, MRK stock over the past couple of years has continued to struggle overcoming the $60-$65 area (blue band on the chart) on a sustainable basis. However, through this lens, the stock’s choppy sideways action over the past couple of years could also be looked at as constructive consolidation, which ultimately should resolve the stock higher. Note that despite a couple of years of sideways price action from this perspective, MRK stock has managed to hold its 2009 support lines intact. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/01/merck-co-inc-mrk-stock-defying-bears/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Double Your Money 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple You 5 Chinese Stocks to Sell Before China’s Internet Bubble Bursts 7 Gold (and Silver) Stocks Ready to Surge 3 Vanguard Funds Taking on Water 10 Biggest Companies You’ve Never Heard Of More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Double Your Money 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple You 5 Chinese Stocks to Sell Before China’s Internet Bubble Bursts 7 Gold (and Silver) Stocks Ready to Surge 3 Vanguard Funds Taking on Water 10 Biggest Companies You’ve Never Heard Of More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Double Your Money 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple You 5 Chinese Stocks to Sell Before China’s Internet Bubble Bursts 7 Gold (and Silver) Stocks Ready to Surge 3 Vanguard Funds Taking on Water 10 Biggest Companies You’ve Never Heard Of More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Double Your Money 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple You 5 Chinese Stocks to Sell Before China’s Internet Bubble Bursts 7 Gold (and Silver) Stocks Ready to Surge 3 Vanguard Funds Taking on Water 10 Biggest Companies You’ve Never Heard Of Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy to Double Your Money in 2017 3 Vanguard Funds That Are Taking on Water 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple Your Portfolio 5 Chinese Stocks to Sell Before China’s Internet Bubble Bursts 3 Grossly Overpriced Tech Stocks That Could Collapse Most Popular Most Commented 7 Stocks to Buy to Double Your Money in 2017 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple Your Portfolio 3 Vanguard Funds That Are Taking on Water 10 Dividend Growth Stocks That Simply Print Money The 10 Biggest Companies You’ve Never Heard Of 7 Gold (and Silver) Stocks Ready to Surge The Dow Jones Industrial Average Is Focused on the Financials How Will Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Stock React to Q4 Earnings? Why Foot Locker, Inc. Makes a Suitable Value Investment (FL) MLK Day 2017: 10 Facts About Civil Rights Icon Martin Luther King Jr. Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock’s Booming Cloud Biz Gets More Secure Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 January 20174 January 2017 by Military News Osteoporosis Drugs Market is Expected to Exceed US$ 14.8 Billion by 2022 – PMR Report According to a new market report published by Persistence Market Research “Global Market Study on Osteoporosis Drugs: AsiaPacific to Witness Highest Growth by 2022”, the global osteoporosis drugs market is estimated to be valued at US$11,226.1 Mn by the end of 2015 and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 4.0% from 2014 to 2022, to account for US$14,786.7 Mn by 2022. The global osteoporosis drugs market is witnessing significant growth due to rising geriatric population and changing lifestyles impinging bone health. Prevalence of osteoporosis is high among people aged 60 years and above. Moreover, increasing the prevalence of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women, growing awareness about osteoporotic care, and increasing investment in drug discovery and development are also driving the growth of the market. However, there are various side effects and complications associated with osteoporosis drugs such as heartburn, irritable bowel syndrome, nausea, and ulcers in the stomach or esophagus. Furthermore, patent expiration of osteoporosis drugs also inhibits the growth of the market.The osteoporosis drugs market is anticipated to grow from an estimated US$11,226.1 Mn by the end of 2015 to account for US$14,786.7 Mn by 2022 at a CAGR of 4.0% during the forecast period. In North America, the prevalence of osteoporosis is high primarily due to increasing geriatric population, growing obesity, and rising prevalence of lifestyle associated diseases in the region. According to the National Osteoporosis Foundation, in 2013, approximately 54 million people in the U.S. aged 50 years and above were affected by osteoporosis and low bone mass. According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, in the U.S., approximately 250,000 hip fractures are associated with osteoporosis. In Europe, increasing aging population, changing lifestyles, and increasing consumer awareness about osteoporosis care are driving the growth of the osteoporosis drug market. According to the International Osteoporosis Foundation, approximately 5.5 million men and 22 million women suffered from osteoporosis in 2010. Moreover, according to International Osteoporosis Foundation, approximately 27.5 million people in Europe suffered from osteoporosis in 2010 and the number is expected to reach 33.9 Mn by 2030. However, the growth of osteoporosis market in Asia Pacific is much due to rising geriatric population and changing lifestyles in the region. Osteoporotic patients have a higher risk of hip fractures, owing to a major cause of morbidity and mortality. According to the International Osteoporosis Foundation, by 2050, approximately 50% of the world’s osteoporosis hip fractures would occur in women in Asia. In addition, according to a study on Epidemiology in Osteoporosis in Japan by the National Centre for Biotechnology Information, in 2011, approximately 15 million people suffered from osteoporosis in Japan. Request to view Table of content @  http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/osteoporosis-drugs-market/toc Eli Lilly and Company, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Ltd., Merck & Co. Inc., Novartis AG, Amgen, Inc., Actavis plc, Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd., and Pfizer, Inc. are some of the major players of osteoporosis drugs market. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com Tagscompany, intelligence, major Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Feminine Hygiene Market Expected to Reach US$ 35,203.8 Million by 2024 End Next PostNext Infectious Diseases Diagnostics Market Worth US$ 876.8 Million in 2016 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability 16 January 2017 MYANMAR MINING: MiTA Myanmar Mining Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 The Quiet Room Label is Working on the Development of the First Global Quiet Hotel Room App 16 January 2017 Statement by Peabody Energy 16 January 2017 Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report 16 January 2017 Hawaiian Telcom Announces SEA-US Cable Has Secured FCC License 16 January 2017 Solution Tree Acquires Hawker Brownlow Professional Learning Solutions 16 January 2017 China Rapid Finance Adds to Awards Haul with Hurun Honor 16 January 2017 Direct Debi recognised by Institute of Certified Bookkeepers 16 January 2017 MYANMAR OIL AND GAS: MiTA Myanmar Oil & Gas Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
01162017Headline: Latest Report: Paints & Coatings Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Global Study On CBRNE Detection Equipment Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Latest Report: Video Conferencing in Healthcare Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Direct-to-Consumer Genetic Testing Market Size, Comprehensive Analysis and Outlook Forecast 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Global Study On Drug of Abuse Testing / Screening Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Market to 2021- Growth, Share, Opportunities, Analysis and Forecast: Acute Market Reports Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Market to 2021- Growth, Share, Opportunities, Analysis and Forecast: Acute Market Reports January 4, 2017 | by Johnson | Notes: Sales, means the sales volume of Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Revenue, means the sales value of Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System This report studies sales (consumption) of Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System in Europe market, especially in Germany, UK, France, Italy, Spain and Russia, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Novartis Pfizer, Inc. Roche Sanofi Merck & Co., Inc. GlaxoSmithKline plc Johnson & Johnson AstraZeneca plc. Eli Lilly and Company Abbvie AMGen Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Bayer AG Bristol-Myers Squibb Astellas Pharma Daiichi Sankyo Abbott Laboratories Yangtze River Pharmaceutical Group Browse Full Report Visit – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-drugs-that-affect-the-cholinergic-nervous-system-market-report-to-2021 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Europe into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like Germany France UK Italy Spain Russia Split by product types, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Cholinergic Drugs Anticholinergic Drugs Type III Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System in each application, can be divided into First Level Hospital Two Level Hospital Three Level Hospital Others Browse All Reports of This Category – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/pharmaceutical-market 1 Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System 1.2 Classification of Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System 1.2.1 Cholinergic Drugs 1.2.2 Anticholinergic Drugs 1.2.3 Type III 1.3 Applications of Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System 1.3.1 First Level Hospital 1.3.2 Two Level Hospital 1.3.3 Three Level Hospital 1.3.4 Others 1.4 Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Market by Regions 1.4.1 Germany Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 France Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 UK Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Italy Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 Spain Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 Russia Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Europe Market Size (Value and Volume) of Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System (2011-2021) 1.5.1 Europe Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales, Revenue and Price (2011-2021) 1.5.2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 1.5.3 Europe Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System by Manufacturers, Type and Application 2.1 Europe Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1.1 Europe Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.1.2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Europe Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 2.2.2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 2.3 Europe Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System (Volume and Value) by Regions 2.3.1 Europe Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Regions (2011-2021) 2.3.2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2011-2021) 2.4 Europe Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System (Volume) by Application 3 Germany Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 Germany Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales and Value (2011-2021) 3.1.1 Germany Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 3.1.2 Germany Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 3.1.3 Germany Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales Price Trend (2011-2021) 3.2 Germany Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 3.3 Germany Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Type 3.4 Germany Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Applications 4 UK Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4.1 UK Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales and Value (2011-2021) 4.1.1 UK Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 4.1.2 UK Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 4.1.3 UK Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales Price Trend (2011-2021) 4.2 UK Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 4.3 UK Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Type 4.4 UK Drugs that Affect the Cholinergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Applications Latest Reports : http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-automotive-chassisc-system-market-report-2016 http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-aquarium-air-pump-market-report-2016 http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-anticorrosive-equipment-market-report-2016 About – Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Contact Us : Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Office No 101, 1st Floor , Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 India: +91 7755981103 Email : sales@acutemarketreports.com Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Latest Report: Thermal Interface Materials Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Latest Report: Harmonic Filter Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Recent Release: Coffeemaker Market 2016 to 2021 Industry,Size, Share, Growth Prospects, Key Opportunities,Trends and Forecasts BY Acute Market Reports Global Foam Blowing Agents Market is expected to reach $963 million at a CAGR of 5.21% foreacst by 2022 – Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Latest Report: Paints & Coatings Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Global Study On CBRNE Detection Equipment Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 Latest Report: Video Conferencing in Healthcare Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Direct-to-Consumer Genetic Testing Market Size, Comprehensive Analysis and Outlook Forecast 2015 – 2022 Global Study On Drug of Abuse Testing / Screening Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
01162017Headline: Latest Report: Paints & Coatings Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Global Study On CBRNE Detection Equipment Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Latest Report: Video Conferencing in Healthcare Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Direct-to-Consumer Genetic Testing Market Size, Comprehensive Analysis and Outlook Forecast 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Global Study On Drug of Abuse Testing / Screening Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Market to 2021- Growth, Share, Opportunities, Analysis and Forecast: Acute Market Reports Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Market to 2021- Growth, Share, Opportunities, Analysis and Forecast: Acute Market Reports January 4, 2017 | by Johnson | Notes: Sales, means the sales volume of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Revenue, means the sales value of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System This report studies sales (consumption) of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System in Europe market, especially in Germany, UK, France, Italy, Spain and Russia, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Novartis Pfizer, Inc. Roche Sanofi Merck & Co., Inc. GlaxoSmithKline plc Johnson & Johnson AstraZeneca plc. Eli Lilly and Company Abbvie AMGen Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Bayer AG Bristol-Myers Squibb Astellas Pharma Daiichi Sankyo Abbott Laboratories Yangtze River Pharmaceutical Group BAX Browse Full Report Visit – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-drugs-that-affect-the-adrenergic-nervous-system-market-report-to-2021 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Europe into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like Germany France UK Italy Spain Russia Split by product types, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Adrenergic Drugs Adrenergic Receptor Antagonist Type III Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System in each application, can be divided into First Level Hospital Two Level Hospital Three Level Hospital Others Browse All Reports of This Category – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/pharmaceutical-market 1 Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System 1.2 Classification of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System 1.2.1 Adrenergic Drugs 1.2.2 Adrenergic Receptor Antagonist 1.2.3 Type III 1.3 Applications of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System 1.3.1 First Level Hospital 1.3.2 Two Level Hospital 1.3.3 Three Level Hospital 1.3.4 Others 1.4 Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Market by Regions 1.4.1 Germany Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 France Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 UK Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Italy Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 Spain Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 Russia Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Europe Market Size (Value and Volume) of Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System (2011-2021) 1.5.1 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales, Revenue and Price (2011-2021) 1.5.2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 1.5.3 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System by Manufacturers, Type and Application 2.1 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1.1 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.1.2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 2.2.2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 2.3 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System (Volume and Value) by Regions 2.3.1 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Regions (2011-2021) 2.3.2 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2011-2021) 2.4 Europe Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System (Volume) by Application 3 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Value (2011-2021) 3.1.1 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 3.1.2 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 3.1.3 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales Price Trend (2011-2021) 3.2 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 3.3 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Type 3.4 Germany Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Applications 4 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4.1 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Value (2011-2021) 4.1.1 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 4.1.2 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 4.1.3 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales Price Trend (2011-2021) 4.2 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 4.3 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Type 4.4 UK Drugs that Affect the Adrenergic Nervous System Sales and Market Share by Applications Latest Reports : http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-automotive-door-market-report-2016 http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-automotive-chassisc-system-market-report-2016 http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-aquarium-air-pump-market-report-2016 About – Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Contact Us : Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Office No 101, 1st Floor , Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 India: +91 7755981103 Email : sales@acutemarketreports.com Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Latest Report: Thermal Interface Materials Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Latest Report: Harmonic Filter Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Recent Release: Coffeemaker Market 2016 to 2021 Industry,Size, Share, Growth Prospects, Key Opportunities,Trends and Forecasts BY Acute Market Reports Global Foam Blowing Agents Market is expected to reach $963 million at a CAGR of 5.21% foreacst by 2022 – Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Latest Report: Paints & Coatings Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Global Study On CBRNE Detection Equipment Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 Latest Report: Video Conferencing in Healthcare Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Direct-to-Consumer Genetic Testing Market Size, Comprehensive Analysis and Outlook Forecast 2015 – 2022 Global Study On Drug of Abuse Testing / Screening Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
01162017Headline: Latest Report: Paints & Coatings Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Global Study On CBRNE Detection Equipment Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Latest Report: Video Conferencing in Healthcare Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Direct-to-Consumer Genetic Testing Market Size, Comprehensive Analysis and Outlook Forecast 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Global Study On Drug of Abuse Testing / Screening Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Market to 2021- Growth, Share, Opportunities, Analysis and Forecast: Acute Market Reports Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Market to 2021- Growth, Share, Opportunities, Analysis and Forecast: Acute Market Reports January 4, 2017 | by Johnson | Notes: Sales, means the sales volume of Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Revenue, means the sales value of Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma This report studies sales (consumption) of Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma in Europe market, especially in Germany, UK, France, Italy, Spain and Russia, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Novartis Pfizer, Inc. Roche Sanofi Merck & Co., Inc. GlaxoSmithKline plc Johnson & Johnson AstraZeneca plc. Eli Lilly and Company Abbvie AMGen Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Bayer AG Bristol-Myers Squibb Astellas Pharma Daiichi Sankyo Abbott Laboratories Yangtze River Pharmaceutical Group BAX Taish Seiyaku Kabushiki-gaisha Browse Full Report Visit – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-drugs-for-the-treatment-of-asthma-market-report-to-2021 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Europe into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like Germany France UK Italy Spain Russia Split by product types, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Beta2 Adrenergic Receptor Agonist M Cholinergic Receptor Antagonist Drugs that Affect Leukotrienes Glucocorticoid Drugs Phosphodiesterase Inhibitors Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma in each application, can be divided into First Level Hospital Two Level Hospital Three Level Hospital Others Browse All Reports of This Category – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/pharmaceutical-market 1 Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma 1.2 Classification of Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma 1.2.1 Beta2 Adrenergic Receptor Agonist 1.2.2 M Cholinergic Receptor Antagonist 1.2.3 Drugs that Affect Leukotrienes 1.2.4 Glucocorticoid Drugs 1.2.5 Phosphodiesterase Inhibitors 1.3 Applications of Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma 1.3.1 First Level Hospital 1.3.2 Two Level Hospital 1.3.3 Three Level Hospital 1.3.4 Others 1.4 Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Market by Regions 1.4.1 Germany Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 France Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 UK Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Italy Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 Spain Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 Russia Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Europe Market Size (Value and Volume) of Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma (2011-2021) 1.5.1 Europe Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales, Revenue and Price (2011-2021) 1.5.2 Europe Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 1.5.3 Europe Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 2 Europe Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma by Manufacturers, Type and Application 2.1 Europe Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1.1 Europe Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.1.2 Europe Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Europe Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Europe Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 2.2.2 Europe Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 2.3 Europe Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma (Volume and Value) by Regions 2.3.1 Europe Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales and Market Share by Regions (2011-2021) 2.3.2 Europe Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2011-2021) 2.4 Europe Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma (Volume) by Application 3 Germany Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 Germany Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales and Value (2011-2021) 3.1.1 Germany Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 3.1.2 Germany Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 3.1.3 Germany Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales Price Trend (2011-2021) 3.2 Germany Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 3.3 Germany Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales and Market Share by Type 3.4 Germany Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales and Market Share by Applications 4 UK Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4.1 UK Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales and Value (2011-2021) 4.1.1 UK Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 4.1.2 UK Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 4.1.3 UK Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales Price Trend (2011-2021) 4.2 UK Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 4.3 UK Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales and Market Share by Type 4.4 UK Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma Sales and Market Share by Applications Latest Reports : http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-automotive-drivetrain-components-market-report-2016 http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-automotive-door-market-report-2016 http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-automotive-chassisc-system-market-report-2016 About – Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Contact Us : Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Office No 101, 1st Floor , Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 India: +91 7755981103 Email : sales@acutemarketreports.com Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Latest Report: Thermal Interface Materials Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Latest Report: Harmonic Filter Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Recent Release: Coffeemaker Market 2016 to 2021 Industry,Size, Share, Growth Prospects, Key Opportunities,Trends and Forecasts BY Acute Market Reports Global Foam Blowing Agents Market is expected to reach $963 million at a CAGR of 5.21% foreacst by 2022 – Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Latest Report: Paints & Coatings Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Global Study On CBRNE Detection Equipment Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 Latest Report: Video Conferencing in Healthcare Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Direct-to-Consumer Genetic Testing Market Size, Comprehensive Analysis and Outlook Forecast 2015 – 2022 Global Study On Drug of Abuse Testing / Screening Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
01162017Headline: Latest Report: Paints & Coatings Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Global Study On CBRNE Detection Equipment Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Latest Report: Video Conferencing in Healthcare Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Direct-to-Consumer Genetic Testing Market Size, Comprehensive Analysis and Outlook Forecast 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Global Study On Drug of Abuse Testing / Screening Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 2 days ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Diuretics Market to 2021- Global Industry Growth, Share, Opportunities, Analysis and Forecast: Acute Market Reports Diuretics Market to 2021- Global Industry Growth, Share, Opportunities, Analysis and Forecast: Acute Market Reports January 4, 2017 | by Johnson | Notes: Sales, means the sales volume of Diuretics Revenue, means the sales value of Diuretics This report studies sales (consumption) of Diuretics in Europe market, especially in Germany, UK, France, Italy, Spain and Russia, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Novartis Pfizer, Inc. Roche Sanofi Merck & Co., Inc. GlaxoSmithKline plc Johnson & Johnson AstraZeneca plc. Eli Lilly and Company Abbvie AMGen Browse Full Report Visit – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-diuretics-market-report-to-2021 Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Bayer AG Bristol-Myers Squibb Astellas Pharma Daiichi Sankyo Abbott Laboratories Yangtze River Pharmaceutical Group BAX Novo Nordisk A/S Boehringer-Ingelheim Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Europe into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Diuretics in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like Germany France UK Italy Spain Russia Split by product types, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Permeable Diuretics Carbonic Anhydrase Inhibitors Na + -K + -2Cl-co-Transporting Inhibitor Na + -Cl-co-Transporting Inhibitors Na + channel Inhibitor of Renal Endothelial Cells Mineralocorticoid Receptor Antagonist Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Diuretics in each application, can be divided into First Level Hospital Two Level Hospital Three Level Hospital Others Browse All Reports of This Category – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/pharmaceutical-market 1 Diuretics Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Diuretics 1.2 Classification of Diuretics 1.2.1 Permeable Diuretics 1.2.2 Carbonic Anhydrase Inhibitors 1.2.3 Na + -K + -2Cl-co-Transporting Inhibitor 1.2.4 Na + -Cl-co-Transporting Inhibitors 1.2.5 Na + channel Inhibitor of Renal Endothelial Cells 1.2.6 Mineralocorticoid Receptor Antagonist 1.3 Applications of Diuretics 1.3.1 First Level Hospital 1.3.2 Two Level Hospital 1.3.3 Three Level Hospital 1.3.4 Others 1.4 Diuretics Market by Regions 1.4.1 Germany Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 France Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 UK Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Italy Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 Spain Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 Russia Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Europe Market Size (Value and Volume) of Diuretics (2011-2021) 1.5.1 Europe Diuretics Sales, Revenue and Price (2011-2021) 1.5.2 Europe Diuretics Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 1.5.3 Europe Diuretics Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 2 Europe Diuretics by Manufacturers, Type and Application 2.1 Europe Diuretics Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1.1 Europe Diuretics Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.1.2 Europe Diuretics Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Europe Diuretics (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Europe Diuretics Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 2.2.2 Europe Diuretics Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 2.3 Europe Diuretics (Volume and Value) by Regions 2.3.1 Europe Diuretics Sales and Market Share by Regions (2011-2021) 2.3.2 Europe Diuretics Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2011-2021) 2.4 Europe Diuretics (Volume) by Application 3 Germany Diuretics (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 Germany Diuretics Sales and Value (2011-2021) 3.1.1 Germany Diuretics Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 3.1.2 Germany Diuretics Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 3.1.3 Germany Diuretics Sales Price Trend (2011-2021) 3.2 Germany Diuretics Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 3.3 Germany Diuretics Sales and Market Share by Type 3.4 Germany Diuretics Sales and Market Share by Applications 4 UK Diuretics (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4.1 UK Diuretics Sales and Value (2011-2021) 4.1.1 UK Diuretics Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 4.1.2 UK Diuretics Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 4.1.3 UK Diuretics Sales Price Trend (2011-2021) 4.2 UK Diuretics Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 4.3 UK Diuretics Sales and Market Share by Type 4.4 UK Diuretics Sales and Market Share by Applications Latest Reports : http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-automotive-electric-system-market-report-2016 http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-automotive-drivetrain-components-market-report-2016 http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/europe-automotive-door-market-report-2016 About – Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Contact Us : Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Office No 101, 1st Floor , Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 India: +91 7755981103 Email : sales@acutemarketreports.com Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Latest Report: Thermal Interface Materials Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Latest Report: Harmonic Filter Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Recent Release: Coffeemaker Market 2016 to 2021 Industry,Size, Share, Growth Prospects, Key Opportunities,Trends and Forecasts BY Acute Market Reports Global Foam Blowing Agents Market is expected to reach $963 million at a CAGR of 5.21% foreacst by 2022 – Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Latest Report: Paints & Coatings Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Global Study On CBRNE Detection Equipment Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 Latest Report: Video Conferencing in Healthcare Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Direct-to-Consumer Genetic Testing Market Size, Comprehensive Analysis and Outlook Forecast 2015 – 2022 Global Study On Drug of Abuse Testing / Screening Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Christopher L. Gasper: To Tom Brady, ‘good enough’ isn’t enough America is off the tracks At home and abroad, President Obama’s trail of disasters Obama speaks about Trump in ‘60 Minutes’ interview Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Stocks ring in the new year with gains E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Associated Press  January 03, 2017 Advertisement Stocks broke a three-day losing streak Tuesday and ushered in the new year with broad gains. Health care stocks, which struggled for most of last year, climbed. Energy companies, banks, and technology companies made some of the largest gains; lower-risk investments like utility stocks lagged. That’s a sign investors expect stronger economic growth. ‘‘Corporate earnings are telling us that it’s a bull market,’’ said Karyn Cavanaugh of Voya Investment Strategies. Drug maker Merck rose 2.2 percent, while Amgen picked up 3.1 percent, and drug distributor McKesson gained 5 percent. The S&P 500’s health care index fell 4 percent last year as the S&P 500 itself rose 9.5 percent. Investors avoided drug company stocks as they worried the government will intervene to reduce prices. But Cavanaugh said the stocks are appealing because they’ve been reporting better growth than most. Elsewhere, Xerox surged 19.8 percent after it split in two, a move announced almost a year ago. Xerox will be the printer and copier business; Conduent will focus on business process outsourcing, payment processing, and other services. Conduent stock lost 7.9 percent Tuesday. Oil prices finished lower, with US crude down 2.6 percent to $52.33 a barrel. Yet energy companies traded higher. The manufacturing sector continued to recover and ended 2016 on a strong note. The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index rose to 54.7 in December, its highest reading of the year, in the fourth straight month of expansion. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Learn more Subscribe Subscribe Boston Globe Insiders EPaper Edition My Account Log in Manage my Account Download Customer Service App Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Christopher L. Gasper: To Tom Brady, ‘good enough’ isn’t enough America is off the tracks At home and abroad, President Obama’s trail of disasters Obama speaks about Trump in ‘60 Minutes’ interview Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 30 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 15, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 15, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 30 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Health care rises as U.S. indexes ring in new year By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Jan 03 2017 06:18PM    •    Last Updated Jan 03 2017 06:18 pm Specialist Meric Greenbaum, left, works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Specialist Meric Greenbaum, left, works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (8) New York • U.S. stocks broke a three-day losing streak Tuesday and ushered in the new year with broad gains. Health care stocks, which struggled for most of last year, climbed. Stocks started the day with a surge as the Dow Jones industrial average rose 175 points in the first hour of trading. Bond yields jumped, which took bank stocks higher. The price of oil also rose early on, but it began slipping after 10 a.m. Investors started buying again late in the day, however, and major indexes closed with a flourish. Energy companies, banks and technology companies made some of the largest gains and lower-risk investments like utility companies lagged the rest of the market. That's a sign investors expect stronger economic growth that will help those companies do more business. VIDEOS TOP JOBS "Corporate earnings are telling us that it's a bull market," said Karyn Cavanaugh of Voya Investment Strategies. Cavanaugh said earnings and revenues look "very good" for 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 119.16 points, or 0.6 percent, to 19,881.76. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 19 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,257.83. The Nasdaq composite gained 45.97 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,429.08. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks small-company stocks, added 8.36 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,365.49. The Russell rose almost 20 percent last year and did far better than indexes focused on larger companies. Drug companies helped take health care stocks higher. Merck rose $1.28, or 2.2 percent, to $60.15. Biotech giant Amgen picked up $4.52, or 3.1 percent, to $150.73 and prescription drug distributor McKesson gained $6.98, or 5 percent, to $147.43. The S&P 500's health care index fell 4 percent last year. The S&P 500 itself rose 9.5 percent for the year and all of its other industrial sectors rose at least a small amount. Investors have been avoiding drug company stocks because they're worried the government will intervene to reduce prices. But Cavanaugh said the stocks are appealing because they've been reporting better growth than most other industries. "If you look at earnings and revenues, they're one of the leaders," she said. Xerox surged $1.14, or 19.8 percent, to $6.89 after it split itself in two, a move the company announced almost a year ago. The original Xerox kept its printer and copier business. The second company will focus on business process outsourcing, providing payment processing and other services. Xerox will receive $1.8 billion in cash. The new company, Conduent, now trades under the ticker symbol "CNDT." That stock lost $1.18, or 7.9 percent, to $13.72. Oil prices jumped in early trading but turned around to finish lower. U.S. crude gave up $1.39, or 2.6 percent, to $52.33 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, skidded $1.35, or 2.4 percent, to $55.47 a barrel in London. Despite that slump, energy companies traded higher. But natural gas companies dropped as natural gas futures dropped 40 cents, or 10.7 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. Southwestern Energy lost 85 cents, or 7.9 percent, to $9.97 and Cabot Oil & Gas gave up $1.02, or 4.4 percent, to $22.34. The manufacturing sector continued to recover and ended 2016 on a strong note. The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index rose to 54.7 in December, its highest reading of the year. That was the fourth straight month of expansion and the ninth out of the last 10. The result was a bit stronger than analysts expected. Graphics processor maker Nvidia couldn't break out of a recent slump. The stock more than tripled in value last year, but hit a wall in the final days of trading. The stock slid $4.73, or 4.4 percent, to $102.01. It's down 13 percent since Dec. 27, when it closed at an all-time high. Bond prices fell slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.45 percent from 2.43 percent late Friday. Yields made a much bigger move earlier in the day. Utility companies fell Tuesday, and real estate investment trusts and companies that sell household goods rose less than the rest of the market. Those stocks are often compared to bonds because they pay large dividends, but the jump in yields Tuesday encouraged investors to look elsewhere. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY 8 photos VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Kirby: Wait'll you see how much the Mormon church pays me How much do top Mormon leaders make? Leaked pay stubs may surprise you. Nate Carlisle: Why are LDS Church documents being leaked now? Whistleblower cases offer some clues | Eddie Long, megachurch pastor accused of sexual misconduct, dies Meet the Utahns going to Washington to celebrate -- and protest -- Trump's inauguration ELEVATE 3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Ririe-Woodbury to Perform ‘Wiggle-Friendly’ Family Matinée as Part of its Winter Season   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Source: Getty Images Ono Pharma’s Wild 2016 Ride Cuts Stock Valuation by $16 Billion by Kurt Schussler @kurt_schussler More stories by Kurt Schussler January 3, 2017, 6:19 PM EST Worst performance in 50 years on Opdivo competition, price cut Follows quintupling of shares over previous three years The rise and fall of Ono Pharmaceutical Co. in 2016 was a tale of two halves, and one drug. Having surged as much as 34 percent as of mid-April, the stock finished the year down more than 41 percent, marking its worst performance in more than 50 years. The swing reduced its market capitalization by about 1.87 trillion yen ($15.9 billion) from a record high in April. Ono’s shares had surged almost fivefold from the start of 2013 through 2015, helped in large part by expectations for Opdivo, an immune-based cancer therapy that Ono co-developed with Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. The upward trend appeared poised to continue last year. In Japan’s pharmaceutical sector, 2016 was “in every sense, the ‘year of Opdivo’,” Motoya Kohtani, a Tokyo-based analyst at Nomura Securities Co., wrote in a report dated Dec. 29. Ono in April forecast a sixfold annual increase in sales of the drug, which was first approved in 2014 for melanoma and has since been cleared to treat lung tumors and head and neck cancer. Fortunes changed in August, when Opdivo failed to meet its goal in a trial for untreated non-small cell lung cancer. This allowed Merck & Co.’s rival drug Keytruda to achieve "first-mover advantage" as a first-line lung cancer treatment and narrow the market-share gap with Opdivo, according Michael Shah, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. "While Ono started the year as the pharmaceutical sector stock attracting the most attention from investors, with the August announcement of these trial results it became the stock with the worst share price performance in the sector," says Nomura’s Kohtani, who rates Ono shares neutral. The troubles were compounded by the Japan Health Ministry’s decision in November to lower Opdivo’s price by half, forcing Ono to lower its profit outlook for the current fiscal year by 25 percent. Opdivo still has chances to increase sales through approvals for other types of cancer. Ono’s stock got a lift last week after the company said it applied for approval to treat gastric cancer. In addition, Ono and Bristol-Myers have launched a patent infringement lawsuit against Merck, due to go to trial in April, that could allow it to "claw back" around 10 percent of royalties on sales of Keytruda, Nomura’s Kohtani says. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Top Entrepreneurs’ Advice → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → First Trial Underway, Jounce Preps IPO To Fund Immuno-Oncology Work Ben Fidler January 3rd, 2017 @benthefidler @xconomy Like Us Xconomy Boston —  Even though Jounce Therapeutics has no human clinical data to report yet, a partnership with Celgene and support from a broad group of investors have made the Cambridge, MA, cancer drug developer a likely IPO candidate for some time now. Jounce made those intentions clear Friday, filing papers to try for an IPO that would help the company fund its first clinical trial. The question is whether Wall Street investors are willing to bet on its success. Jounce’s first study involves a cancer drug called JTX-2011. It began this past summer and should produce data next year. Jounce wants to develop drugs that boost the effectiveness of current immunotherapy treatments known as checkpoint inhibitors. Should Jounce complete the offering, it would trade on the Nasdaq under the ticker “JNCE.” It has set an early goal of raising $75 million. Using drugs to spur the immune system to fight cancer—what’s known as immuno-oncology—has produced encouraging results in certain cancer types. Four checkpoint inhibitors, from Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE: BMY), Merck (NYSE: MRK), and Roche’s Genentech group, have won FDA approval and have started to change how certain cancers of the skin, lung, and other organs are being treated. But checkpoint blockers still only work in a fraction of patients, spurring researchers and companies to test combination therapies that might represent the future of cancer care. Jounce is one of several companies in on the mix-and-match game. Jounce is developing JTX-2011, for instance, which targets what’s known as inducible T cell co-stimulator, or ICOS, a protein found on the surface of a specific type of T cell that only gets expressed in large quantities when the immune system is activated. Jounce is testing JTX-2011 in an early-stage trial in patients with solid tumors, and believes it might be effective on its own or in tandem with other drugs. Jounce is also developing its own checkpoint blocker, a drug candidate called JTX-4014 that it may test in combination with JTX-2011 or other drugs it develops internally. Jounce has plenty of well-funded competition. GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE: GSK), for example, also has an anti-ICOS drug, GSK 3359609, that began Phase 1 testing in early 2016. But Jounce does have the support of a big cancer drug maker, Celgene (NASDAQ: CELG), which in July paid Jounce $225 million in cash to get partial rights to JTX-2011 and a few other drug programs. Celgene also bought $36 million in equity and with an 11.4 percent stake is Jounce’s third-largest shareholder. (Third Rock Ventures, which formed Jounce in 2013, holds 53.5 percent of the company’s stock, while Fidelity Investments holds 12.1 percent. Jounce has raised $139 million in equity since inception and had $271 million in cash in hand as of Sept. 30, enough for at least two years of financial runway.) Biotech IPOs, meanwhile, have slowed from the boom period of 2013 to 2015. But several offerings were still completed in a down year for IPOs, largely due to heavy insider buying. According to an annual review from IPO research firm Renaissance Capital, there were 105 IPOs in 2016 across all industries, down 38 percent from 2015 and the lowest total since 2009. Healthcare remained the most active sector, driven by 40 total IPOs—29 of which were biotechs, according to the report. Renaissance expects biotechs “may need to follow the same playbook” and rely on insider participation in 2017. Even with insider help, the performance of the 2016 biotech IPO class wasn’t great. According to the Renaissance report, the top two biotech IPOs, performance-wise, were AveXis (NASDAQ: AVXS), which closed 2016 up 138 percent from its $20 IPO price in February; and Novan (NASDAQ: NOVN), which ended the year up 145 percent from its September IPO price. But the worst 2016 IPO performers were mainly small biotechs, among them PhaseRx (NASDAQ: PZRX), Kadmon Holdings (NASDAQ: KDMN), and Oncobiologics (NASDAQ: ONS). Here’s more on Jounce, cancer immunotherapy, and the biotech IPO market in 2016. Ben Fidler is Xconomy's Deputy Biotechnology Editor. You can e-mail him at bfidler@xconomy.com Follow @benthefidler Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME Crossovers Arm Jounce With $56M For “Next Step” Immuno-Oncology With Celgene Deal, Jounce Lands $261M And a “Trusting Partner” New Jounce CEO Aims to Place the Right Immuno-Oncology Bets Trending on Xconomy Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable Notes From The JPM ’17 Vortex: Trump, Rainstorms & The Price You Pay Xerox’s PARC Gets A New CEO: Tolga Kurtoglu Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers The 8 biggest challenges facing clinical trials today Explore the survey report of leading clinical professionals KNect365 Life Sciences The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Watch NFL Playoffs Live: Steelers vs. Chiefs Get Alerts Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Inauguration 2017 President Obama: The Legacy TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Storyline Ebola Virus Outbreak Health Ebola Virus Outbreak Dec 23 2016, 9:57 am ET Ebola Vaccine Works, Study Shows by Maggie Fox Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement An experimental Ebola vaccine completely protected people from the killer virus at the end of the west African epidemic, researchers report. They used the same strategy that was used to eradicate smallpox in the 1970s. Called ring vaccination, it calls for vaccinating people who have been in contact with patients, and contacts of contacts. Doctor Francis Kateh from Redemption Hospital volunteering to receive a trial vaccine against Ebola at Redemption Hospital on the outskirts of Monrovia. ZOOM DOSSO / AFP - Getty Images file It worked, the team led by the World Health Organization found. "Vaccine efficacy was 100 percent," they wrote in their report, published in Friday's issue of the Lancet medical journal. "While these compelling results come too late for those who lost their lives during West Africa's Ebola epidemic, they show that when the next Ebola outbreak hits, we will not be defenseless," said WHO's Dr. Marie-Paule Kieny, who led the trial. Related: Experimental Vaccine Could Stop Ebola It's not a surprise - researchers had been working on an Ebola vaccine for years but because the virus only usually caused occasional, small outbreaks, it was hard to test it. “Vaccine efficacy was 100 percent.” Plus no governments or companies had invested the time or money needed to develop a vaccine. Then the epidemic started in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia in late 2013. By the time it was completely stopped earlier this year, it had infected 28,000 people and killed more than 11,000 of them. Researchers rushed several vaccines into production. This vaccine was developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada, which licensed it to a company called NewLink Genetics. Pharma giant Merck & Co. bought the license and is making it. Related: Ebola Vaccine Trials Offer Hope It uses an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV). The virus is harmless to people. Vaccine makers genetically engineered it to carry a little piece of Ebola DNA to stimulate an immune response. Experts including Dr. Donald A. Henderson of John Hopkins University, who helped led the campaign to eradicate smallpox, designed a ring vaccination trial. Henderson died in August. By the time all this work was done, the epidemic was waning. It's hard to test a vaccine if disease is not spreading, but the international team tried it out in a coastal region of Guinea where Ebola cases were still being reported. Related: Experimental Ebola Shot Looks Good The virus spreads by direct contact, either between people or with bodily fluids such as blood from someone very ill with Ebola, or who has died from it. The researchers tracked down every person who may have been in contact with a case, including family members and friends. Then they found people who had been in contact with those people. Each of these "rings" ended up including about 80 people. “We are proud that we have been able to contribute to developing a vaccine that will prevent other nations from enduring what we endured.” Half got vaccine and half did not. The trial was stopped when it became clear that the vaccine was truly protecting people from infection, even after they'd been in direct contact with an Ebola victim. The Food and Drug Administration gave the vaccine breakthrough designation to allow quick licensing. GAVI, the Vaccine Alliance, has made a $5 million down payment to Merck to make sure the vaccine is available when it's next needed. Merck has promised to make 300,000 doses of the vaccine available for emergency use. "Ebola left a devastating legacy in our country. We are proud that we have been able to contribute to developing a vaccine that will prevent other nations from enduring what we endured," said Dr KeÏta Sakoba, coordinator of the Ebola response in Guinea. Maggie Fox Twitter Facebook Google Plus Topics Health news, Health news, Africa, World First Published Dec 23 2016, 9:57 am ET Next Story Ebola Might Not Make Some People Sick, Study Finds advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
About Us How to Advertise Staff Archives Contact Us Webmail Menu Home News Business Opinions Women Technology Sports Education Lifestyle Society Entertainment Homes and Gardening Fashion Health OK New WHO-backed Ebola vaccine shows 100 per cent success rate By: Agencies Published: December 24, 2016 News Print Email Facebook Tweet +1 0 comments More in News EA states to lose EU aid over EPA deal stalemate Political parties to support implementation of SDGs 10 ways to spend your Christmas Findings from tests of rVSV-ZEBOV, a trial vaccine, show a 100 per cent protection rate with thousands of people tested in Guinea all confirmed as virus-free within 10 days. The World Health Organisation, which led the trial, says the vaccine could be available for mass use by 2018. To meet that timeline, the regulatory approval process for the vaccine is being fast-tracked. In the meantime, backed by GAVI, a global vaccine alliance, pharmaceutical giants Merck have made 300,000 doses of the vaccine available in the event of an outbreak. The possibility of an Ebola vaccine is a major leap for Africans at risk of the disease following a devastating outbreak mainly in three West African countries which started in 2014. Although now controlled, World Bank estimates put the cost of the outbreak’s economic impact at more than $3 billion in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia—the worst affected countries. Published findings from the test say results from the test “add weight to the interim assessment that rVSV-ZEBOV offers substantial protection against Ebola virus disease, with no cases among vaccinated individuals from day 10 after vaccination in both randomized and non-randomised clusters.” Marie-Paule Kieny, WHO’s assistant director-general for health systems and innovation, says the vaccine will be vital to Africa survival of another outbreak. “While these compelling results come too late for those who lost their lives during West Africa’s Ebola epidemic, they show that when the next Ebola outbreak hits, we will not be defenseless,” Kieny said. Agencies Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Most Popular FERWAFA sets tough measures to curb ‘witchcraft in sports’ Police, REMA seize over 2000 cartons of banned plastic bags MTN Rwanda launches mobile TV Mugiraneza joins Kenya’s Gor Mahia Festive season: Authorities join efforts to assure safety All is set for musician The Ben’s homecoming 10 ways to spend your Christmas The MoU with carmaker Volkswagen is historic Letters Enact flexible laws to regulate software development Al The MoU with carmaker Volkswagen is historic Yulian Rwanda must leverage gains made in cycling Kigali Girl Help SMEs to shore up national exports Jonah & Ephrem Murenzi » More Letters © Copyright The New Times Rwanda 2007 - 2017 Privacy Policy Disclaimer Powered by Imaginet
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / World European stocks dip after Japan starts 2017 with a bang Share on Facebook A A Report an Error Share via Email Print Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models walk out of the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) By: Yuri Kageyama The Associated Press Published on TOKYO — Global stocks were mixed Wednesday, gaining in Asia but tracking lower in Europe, after reports showed a sharp rise in inflation in the eurozone. The Tokyo benchmark jumped in its opening day for 2017, helped by a weak yen. KEEPING SCORE: France's CAC 40 edged down 0.1 per cent to 4,896 and Germany's DAX was 0.2 per cent lower at 11,557. Britain's FTSE 100 was little changed at 7,176. U.S. shares were set to drift higher with Dow and S&P 500 futures both up 0.2 per cent . DATA: Investors were encouraged by Wednesday's release of the Nikkei Japan Manufacturing PMI, a survey of purchasing managers. The reading of 52.4 for December was its highest in a year. The figure is based on a scale of 0 to 100, where 50 marks the cutoff between contraction and expansion. In the eurozone, inflation rose to a three-year high, mainly due to higher energy costs. A survey of business activity also showed growth picking up at the end of 2016. The reports were positive on the whole for a region that has seen low inflation and stagnant growth. THE QUOTE: "Strong sentiment at the start of the year coupled with volatility could be what 2017 has in store for the markets," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. KIMONOS AND CLAPPING: The Tokyo Stock Exchange welcomed the new year in customary style as women in kimono clapped while Finance Minister Taro Aso rang a bell to celebrate this year's first session. The Nikkei surged nearly 500 points, as the weak yen, a boon for exporters, pushed auto shares including Honda Motor Co. higher. ASIA'S DAY: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 added 2.5 per cent to close at 19,594.16, while Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.1 per cent to 5,736.40. South Korea's Kospi gained nearly 0.1 per cent to 2,045.64. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 per cent to 22,134.47, while the Shanghai Composite index gained 0.7 per cent to 3,158.79. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude added 20 cents to $52.53 a barrel in New York. It lost $1.39 on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 26 cents to $55.73 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar remained strong, rising to 117.48 yen from 117.39 yen. The euro slumped to $1.0440 from $1.0481. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama Editors' Picks Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet in the Joker's voice Beavers with Canadian roots are an environmental enemy in South America Brazilian woman learns she was mistakenly praying to Lord of the Rings figurine Video: Serial squirrel bandits drive Toronto store owner nuts Most Popular Video: Pee jokes aplenty as Alec Baldwin returns to parody Donald Trump on SNL 'Miracle on the Hudson' legacy: 70,000 slain birds Former Halifax professor suing university, student, CTV and Twitter over 2015 intimate photo The Latest: Trump lashes out at Brennan on Twitter Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 79° Broken Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Hawaii most dangerous place for kupuna pedestrians Posted: January 15, 2017 - 2:00 am LIHUE — When it comes to walking on busy streets, Kauai kupuna say they err on the side of caution. Comments (3) Volunteers needed to help elderly file taxes Posted: January 15, 2017 - 1:45 am KALAHEO — Since Coleen and Brian Kasperek volunteered their time to prepare tax returns 13 years ago, they estimate they have assisted about 4,000 people. Comments (0) Recent Surfrider marks 400th victory, beach cleanups continue Whale watching tours offered RumFire donation, animals draw crowd Obituaries for Sunday, Jan. 15, 2017 Arrest log for Sunday, Jan. 15, 2017 Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Warriors stay atop standings Posted: January 15, 2017 - 1:00 am LIHUE — The Warrior wahine footballers inched closer to a third-consecutive Kauai Interscholastic Federation championship. Comments (0) No time like the present for young Rainbow Warriors Posted: January 15, 2017 - 12:45 am There’s a bit of an anomaly within the Hawaii men’s basketball schedule and it could go a long way in getting their season back on an upward trajectory. Comments (0) Recent 13 state swims at Kauai pool Warrior wahine win season’s 2nd round 20 teams will compete in event hosted by Kalawai Youth Baseball Club ‘New business’ for Waimea Voyagers score 3 on Warriors Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Kalaheo church offers kupuna program Updated: January 15, 2017 - 9:31 am It is a Friday morning at Kalaheo Missionary Church, and it’s been a busy one for 25 kupuna. Comments (0) Births for Sunday, Jan. 15, 2017 Posted: January 15, 2017 - 12:05 am • Ayven Andrew Acosta * Kamden Nakoa Shigeru Osorno• Caiya Jade Keikihiwahiwaokalani Abat • Cheyenne Ku‘uleipualikolehua Ka‘ūhini-Nohara • Manoa Banx Christian Thomas Hauata Marston • Kayge Kekaialohamaikeakua Jacobs • Kalea Wailana U’ilani Makena Kanahele • Kaylee Kaiwehikelani Apuna • Isla Reef Palmisano • Hayden Hokuikekai Aguinaldo • Thalia Rose Camacho Alegado • Kanoe Kainani Kakianaaq Kalani-Ginnis • Gavin Koa Levesque • Noelle Mapuana Correa • Kanani Varela • Don Lorico Demerin III • Noelle Mapuana Correa • Kira Eugenia Kili Nahe Immel • Amara London Boehm • Ezekiel James Bode • Jaylee Rae Healani Casino Silva Comments (0) Recent How do you pick a good trainer? Gab-dol and Gab-soon start to date again The Garden Island newspaper’s first edition The giving on Kauai never ends Tim and Lynn Mira organize relationship workshop Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Kauai Community Players opens its 2017 season on Friday Posted: January 13, 2017 - 1:15 am Kauai Community Players opens its 2017 season tonight with the beloved sci-fi musical comedy, “Little Shop of Horrors” by Alan Menken and Howard Ashman. Comments (0) Crew creates four versions of killer plant for ‘Little Shop of Horrors’ Posted: January 13, 2017 - 1:00 am Sure, the cast of “Little Shop of Horrors” is great. But perhaps the real star of this Kauai Community Players production that opens tonight at the Puhi Theatrical Warehouse is Audrey II. Comments (0) Recent Gaylord’s restaurant at Kilohana is the perfect spot for a date night Connecting with Nippon Maru Birds of a feather flock to Kauai TGIFr!day for January 13, 2017 Jannik Evanoff wins international competition, will perform at Hamburg music festival Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News National Nikkei rises on weak yen but other Asian indexes mixed Story Comments Image (17) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Specialist Meric Greenbaum, left, works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Trader Frank O'Connell, left, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Traders William Lawrence, left, and John Santiago work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Trader Joseph Lawler works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Trader Craig Esposito, right, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Conduent CEO Ashok Vemuri, center, rings a ceremonial bell as his company's spinoff from Xerox begins trading on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Specialist Mario Picone works on a keyboard at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Health care rises as US indexes ring in new year with gains Trader Gregory Rowe works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Eugene Hoshiko European stocks dip after Japan starts 2017 with a bang Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models wave from the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Japanese languages at top read: "Happy New Year!" (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko European stocks dip after Japan starts 2017 with a bang A Kimono-clad employee of the Tokyo Stock Exchange tolls a bell as Finance Minister Taro Aso, right, smiles after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) View all 17 images in gallery. Posted: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 5:35 pm | Updated: 5:18 am, Wed Jan 4, 2017. Nikkei rises on weak yen but other Asian indexes mixed Associated Press | 0 comments TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Wednesday, as the Tokyo benchmark jumped in the first trading of 2017, helped by a weak yen. Other indexes lost some gains from earlier this week. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 added 2.2 percent to 19,536.72, while Australia's S&P/ASX 200 was little changed at 5,734.80. South Korea's Kospi edged up nearly 0.1 percent to 2,045.13. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.2 percent to 22,104.67, while the Shanghai Composite index gained 0.1 percent to 3,139.80. KIMONOS AND CLAPPING: The Tokyo Stock Exchange welcomed the new year in customary style as women in kimono clapped while Finance Minister Taro Aso rang a bell to celebrate this year's first session. The Nikkei surged as much as 400 yen at one point, as the weak yen, a boon for exporters, pushed auto shares including Honda Motor Co. higher. JAPAN MANUFACTURING: Investors were encouraged by Wednesday's release of the Nikkei Japan Manufacturing PMI, a survey of purchasing managers. The reading of 52.4 for December was its highest in a year. The figure is based on a scale of 0 to 100, where 50 marks the shift between contraction and expansion. Manufacturers cited rising orders from the U.S., China and Europe as one factor behind the improvement. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks broke a three-day losing streak, ushering in the new year with broad gains. The Dow Jones industrial average added 119.16 points, or 0.6 percent, to 19,881.76. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 19 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,257.83. The Nasdaq composite gained 45.97 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,429.08. THE QUOTE: "Strong sentiment at the start of the year coupled with volatility could be what 2017 has in store for the markets," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude added 33 cents to $52.66 a barrel in New York. It lost $1.39 to $52.33 a barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 34 cents to $55.81 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar remained strong, rising to 117.97 yen from 117.39 yen. The euro slumped to $1.0404 from $1.0481. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business ARTICLE: Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop ARTICLE: 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop Thousands attend US rallies to support Obama health law More about General News ARTICLE: Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Eddie Long, megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal, dies Eddie Long, megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal, dies ARTICLE: Eddie Long, megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal, dies 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol More about Oil And Gas Industry ARTICLE: Trudeau says the Canadian oil sands needs to be 'phased out' Oil pipeline safety rule scaled back after cost objections Oil pipeline safety rule scaled back after cost objections ARTICLE: Oil pipeline safety rule scaled back after cost objections 4 ex-governors oppose New Jersey natural gas pipeline plan Discuss Print   Posted in National, National and International, World on Tuesday, January 3, 2017 5:35 pm. Updated: 5:18 am. | Tags: Business, General News, Oil And Gas Industry, Stock Markets, Leading Economic Indicators, Economy, Energy Industry, Financial Markets, Commodity Markets, Corporate Stock, Corporate News, Consumer Product Manufacturing, Consumer Products And Services, Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, Health Care Industry, Prices, Manufacturing Sector Performance | Location Tags: United States, East Asia, North America, Asia, Japan, Tokyo Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Wailua heiau desecrated Finding refuge, with family Vog from Big Island to blanket Kauai over next few days Kauai twins to debut on Nickelodeon series Sunshine lawsuit advances All Kauai residents voice concerns, optimisms with ferry system (32) 3 ironwood trees poisoned, dying by Lae Nani condominiums (15) State considering plan to build a $500K crossing for Hanakapiai Stream (13) Multiple-family dwelling units can be built in all residential zones (11) Bright birds pollute neighborhoods with noise, poop (11) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Durden Traffic Cams Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Title: Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions January 15, 2017 67° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Skies clearing overnight. Tonight Cloudy skies this evening will become partly cloudy after midnight. Low 53F. Winds light and variable. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Add your listing Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Durden Traffic Cams Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Title: Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Close 1 of 17 Richard Drew Specialist Meric Greenbaum, left, works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Frank O'Connell, left, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Traders William Lawrence, left, and John Santiago work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Joseph Lawler works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Craig Esposito, right, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Conduent CEO Ashok Vemuri, center, rings a ceremonial bell as his company's spinoff from Xerox begins trading on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Specialist Mario Picone works on a keyboard at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Gregory Rowe works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models wave from the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Japanese languages at top read: "Happy New Year!" (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko A Kimono-clad employee of the Tokyo Stock Exchange tolls a bell as Finance Minister Taro Aso, right, smiles after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models see guests off after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models pose for photographers in front of stock price boards after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko An electronic stock board shows the year's first trading figure at the Tokyo Stock Exchange after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Japan Exchange Group Inc. CEO Akira Kiyota delivers a speech during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models walk out of the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Staff of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and guests make a ceremonial hand-clapping during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso, center, waves to guests during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) AP Nikkei rises on weak yen but other Asian indexes mixed By YURI KAGEYAMA AP Business Writer Jan 3, 2017 (…) Richard Drew Specialist Meric Greenbaum, left, works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Frank O'Connell, left, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Traders William Lawrence, left, and John Santiago work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Joseph Lawler works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Craig Esposito, right, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Conduent CEO Ashok Vemuri, center, rings a ceremonial bell as his company's spinoff from Xerox begins trading on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Specialist Mario Picone works on a keyboard at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Gregory Rowe works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models wave from the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Japanese languages at top read: "Happy New Year!" (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko A Kimono-clad employee of the Tokyo Stock Exchange tolls a bell as Finance Minister Taro Aso, right, smiles after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models see guests off after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models pose for photographers in front of stock price boards after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko An electronic stock board shows the year's first trading figure at the Tokyo Stock Exchange after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Japan Exchange Group Inc. CEO Akira Kiyota delivers a speech during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models walk out of the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Staff of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and guests make a ceremonial hand-clapping during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso, center, waves to guests during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Wednesday, as the Tokyo benchmark jumped in the first trading of 2017, helped by a weak yen. Other indexes lost some gains from earlier this week. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 added 2.2 percent to 19,536.72, while Australia's S&P/ASX 200 was little changed at 5,734.80. South Korea's Kospi edged up nearly 0.1 percent to 2,045.13. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.2 percent to 22,104.67, while the Shanghai Composite index gained 0.1 percent to 3,139.80. KIMONOS AND CLAPPING: The Tokyo Stock Exchange welcomed the new year in customary style as women in kimono clapped while Finance Minister Taro Aso rang a bell to celebrate this year's first session. The Nikkei surged as much as 400 yen at one point, as the weak yen, a boon for exporters, pushed auto shares including Honda Motor Co. higher. JAPAN MANUFACTURING: Investors were encouraged by Wednesday's release of the Nikkei Japan Manufacturing PMI, a survey of purchasing managers. The reading of 52.4 for December was its highest in a year. The figure is based on a scale of 0 to 100, where 50 marks the shift between contraction and expansion. Manufacturers cited rising orders from the U.S., China and Europe as one factor behind the improvement. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks broke a three-day losing streak, ushering in the new year with broad gains. The Dow Jones industrial average added 119.16 points, or 0.6 percent, to 19,881.76. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 19 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,257.83. The Nasdaq composite gained 45.97 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,429.08. THE QUOTE: "Strong sentiment at the start of the year coupled with volatility could be what 2017 has in store for the markets," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude added 33 cents to $52.66 a barrel in New York. It lost $1.39 to $52.33 a barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 34 cents to $55.81 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar remained strong, rising to 117.97 yen from 117.39 yen. The euro slumped to $1.0404 from $1.0481. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama Tags Business General News Oil And Gas Industry Stock Markets Leading Economic Indicators Economy Energy Industry Financial Markets Commodity Markets Gas Utilities Corporate Stock Corporate News Energy Equipment Manufacturing Industrial Machinery And Equipment Industrial Products And Services Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Utilities Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Health Care Industry Prices Manufacturing Sector Performance Locations United States East Asia North America Asia Japan Tokyo Popular A frank discussion Dothan photographer faces 186 child porn possession charges Josh Parrish hired as Northview head football coach 25th anniversary of the Troy Trojans basketball team scoring a record-setting 258 points Ex-Elba QB Johnson fulfills dream with Tide Lopez, Melinda Traylor Renaissance Faire coming to Enterprise Dothan man describes Fort Lauderdale airport shooting: 'That could have been me' Bethel Baptist Church to open private academy in east Dothan Fort Rucker flight training contract could be worth $450 million for CAE USA Contests Bridal Extravaganza Ticket Giveaway Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 26° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 21° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines PBS Kids round-the-clock TV, online channel launches Monday Updated: 11 mins ago PASADENA, Calif. (AP) — PBS is launching a round-the-clock children’s channel that will be available on member stations and digital platform… PBS: No ‘red flag’ on funding under Trump, but it’s early Updated: 11 mins ago PASADENA, Calif. (AP) — PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration’s impact on public broadcasting and its federa… Forecast predicts sharp plunge in UK merger activity 7:50 pm Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Updated: 11 mins ago Attorney General Lynch: ‘We have always pushed forward’ 7:10 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 26° F Clear Feels Like: 26° F Wind: S 3 Humidity: 75% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 7:43 AM Sunset: 5:06 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines WNY Congressman joins fight for domestic violence registry January 10, 2017 A Southern Tier family has new hope now that Congressman Tom Reed has joined the fight for a federal domestic violence registry. Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Okogie, Stephens help Georgia Tech beat NC State 86-76 Updated: 16 mins ago RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Freshman Josh Okogie scored 27 points to help Georgia Tech beat North Carolina State 86-76 on Sunday night. Quinton Ste… Women’s Top 25 Fared Updated: 46 mins ago Sunday 1. UConn (16-0) did not play. Next: at Tulsa, Tuesday. 2. Baylor (17-1) beat Kansas 92-43. Next: vs. Iowa State, Wednesday. 3. Maryla… No. 10 Oregon State women beat Southern Cal 74-60 Updated: 16 mins ago Greenwood, Hayes lead SE Louisiana past McNeese St, 79-75 Updated: 46 mins ago Price’s hot hand helps La Salle drop Geo Washington 79-69 Updated: 46 mins ago Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 26° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 21° F Nikkei rises on weak yen but other Asian indexes mixed YURI KAGEYAMA, The Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 2:48 pm Updated: January 3, 2017, 10:58 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Wednesday, as the Tokyo benchmark jumped in the first trading of 2017, helped by a weak yen. Other indexes lost some gains from earlier this week. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 added 2.2 percent to 19,536.72, while Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 was little changed at 5,734.80. South Korea’s Kospi edged up nearly 0.1 percent to 2,045.13. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dipped 0.2 percent to 22,104.67, while the Shanghai Composite index gained 0.1 percent to 3,139.80. KIMONOS AND CLAPPING: The Tokyo Stock Exchange welcomed the new year in customary style as women in kimono clapped while Finance Minister Taro Aso rang a bell to celebrate this year’s first session. The Nikkei surged as much as 400 yen at one point, as the weak yen, a boon for exporters, pushed auto shares including Honda Motor Co. higher. JAPAN MANUFACTURING: Investors were encouraged by Wednesday’s release of the Nikkei Japan Manufacturing PMI, a survey of purchasing managers. The reading of 52.4 for December was its highest in a year. The figure is based on a scale of 0 to 100, where 50 marks the shift between contraction and expansion. Manufacturers cited rising orders from the U.S., China and Europe as one factor behind the improvement. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks broke a three-day losing streak, ushering in the new year with broad gains. The Dow Jones industrial average added 119.16 points, or 0.6 percent, to 19,881.76. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 19 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,257.83. The Nasdaq composite gained 45.97 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,429.08. THE QUOTE: “Strong sentiment at the start of the year coupled with volatility could be what 2017 has in store for the markets,” said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude added 33 cents to $52.66 a barrel in New York. It lost $1.39 to $52.33 a barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 34 cents to $55.81 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar remained strong, rising to 117.97 yen from 117.39 yen. The euro slumped to $1.0404 from $1.0481. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Giving Gavin the gift of sound January 11, 2017 Gavin, who will be 3 in February, is nearly blind and would be severely deaf, without new cochlear implants Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic 2016 Holiday Season Holiday Funtacular Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 53° F Broken Clouds Hi: 57° F Lo: 48° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic 2016 Holiday Season Holiday Funtacular Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Featured: Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Sevier County wildfires Latest Headlines State to consider new sites for National Register of Historic Places Updated: 53 mins ago If these properties meet the requirements, their nominations will be sent for final approval to the National Register of Historic Places in … Clarksville police launch investigation after shots fired at cars, home 6:36 pm Five cars at the Paddock Place Apartments were damaged. SC teen abducted as a Florida newborn meets birth parents 6:17 pm VIDEO: Rehearsal held for Trump inauguration 5:45 pm Former pro wrestler Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 5:34 pm Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 53° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 53° F Wind: NNE 5 Humidity: 83% Dewpoint: 48° F Sunrise: 6:56 AM Sunset: 4:55 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Latest Headlines Lady Vols not alone this season in honoring Pat Summitt Updated: 4 mins ago Harvard, Kentucky, Vermont and Division II program Metropolitan State of Denver are among the women’s basketball teams that have joined Tenn… JOE BIDDLE: Vols Bone buried Vandy January 14, 2017 Both teams came into this game with 8-8 records. Zach Cunningham declares for NFL draft January 14, 2017 Tennessee, Vanderbilt basketball looking to bounce back January 14, 2017 Preds acquire Cody McLeod in exchange for Felix Girard January 13, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 53° F Broken Clouds Hi: 57° F Lo: 48° F US stocks ring in 2017 with gains as health care stocks rise The Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 12:46 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Specialist Meric Greenbaum, left, works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks are moving higher on the first trading day of 2017 and are on track to break a three-day losing streak. Health care companies, which fell last year as the rest of the market moved higher, are making some of the biggest gains. While stock indexes are broadly higher, they’ve surrendered most of an earlier gain. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average added 31 points, or 0.2 percent, to 19,793 as of 1:35 p.m. Eastern time. The blue-chip index rose as much as 175 points in the first hour of trading. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 9 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,248. The Nasdaq composite picked up 22 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,407. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks small-company stocks, remained at 1,357. The Russell rose almost 20 percent last year and did far better than indexes focused on larger companies. The Dow lagged behind the S&P 500 and Nasdaq in part because of losses for McDonald’s and Travelers, the insurance company. ON THE MEND: Health care stocks made some of the biggest gains. Merck & Co. rose $1.44, or 2.4 percent, to $60.31 and biotech giant Amgen picked up $4.75, or 3.2 percent, to $150.96. Prescription drug distributor McKesson gained $7.05, or 5 percent, to $147.50. The S&P 500’s health care index fell 4 percent last year. It was the only S&P 500 sector that traded lower as the S&P 500 itself rose 9.5 percent for the year. COPY THAT: Xerox surged $1, or 17.4 percent, to $6.75 after it split itself in two, a move the company announced almost a year ago. The original Xerox kept its printer and copier business. The second company will focus on business process outsourcing, providing payment processing and other services. Xerox will receive $1.8 billion in cash. The new company, Conduent Inc., now trades under the ticker symbol “CNDT.” That stock lost 94 cents, or 6.3 percent, to $13.97. ENERGY: Oil prices turned lower after jumping more than 2 percent early in the day. U.S. crude gave up $1.24, or 2.3 percent, to $52.48 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, skidded $1.16, or 2 percent, to $55.66 a barrel in London. Despite that slump, energy companies traded higher. But natural gas companies dropped as natural gas futures dropped 10.6 percent. Southwestern Energy lost 96 cents, or 8.9 percent, to $9.86 and Cabot Oil & Gas gave up $1.26, or 5.8 percent, to $22. MANUFACTURING ACTION: The manufacturing sector continued its recovery and ended 2016 on a strong note. The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index rose to 54.7 in December, its highest reading of the year. That was the fourth straight month of expansion and the ninth out of the last 10. The result was a bit stronger than analysts expected. MISSING 2016: Graphics processor maker Nvidia couldn’t break out of a recent slump. The stock more than tripled in value last year, but hit a wall in the final days of trading. The stock slid $6.61, or 6.2 percent, to $100.13. It’s down 14 percent since Dec. 27, when it closed at an all-time high. DOUBLE CLICKED: Technology stocks also traded higher. Facebook added $1.91, or 1.7 percent, to $116.96 and Alphabet, Google’s parent company, rose $16.20, or 2 percent, to $808.65. On Monday Alphabet announced a partnership with Fiat Chrysler. The companies will work together on a connected car system. Fiat Chrysler stock picked up 44 cents, or 4.8 percent, to $9.56. BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.46 percent from 2.43 percent late Friday. Utility companies fell, as did real estate investment trusts and companies that make and sell household goods. Those stocks are often compared to bonds because they pay large dividends, but the jump in yields Tuesday encouraged investors to look elsewhere. CURRENCIES: The dollar jumped to 117.35 yen from 116.78 yen. The euro slumped to $1.0427 from $1.0531. OVERSEAS: The FTSE 100 index in Britain rose 0.5 percent to another all-time high. The French CAC 40 added 0.3 percent. Germany’s DAX slipped 0.1 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index gained 0.7 percent and the Kospi in South Korea rose 0.9 percent. Tokyo’s stock market remained closed for the New Year’s holiday.   Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts US stocks surge following Trump victory; Bond prices tumble Global markets mixed in quiet trading after US holiday Federal Reserve raises key interest rate for 1st time in year US stocks mixed in early trade; bond prices tumble Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Young Broadcasting of Nashville LLC A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Media General Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: magicvalley.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Mini-Cassia Crime & Courts The Big Story Business Agriculture Government & Politics Education Community National Wildfires Sports High School Sports College of Southern Idaho Boise State Bliss High School: Bears Prep Sports Buhl High School: Indians Prep Sports Burley High School: Bobcats Prep Sports Carey High School: Panthers Prep Sports Castleford High School: Wolves Prep Sports Camas County High School: Mushers Prep Sports Canyon Ridge High School: Riverhawks Prep Sports Community School: Cutthroats Prep Sports Declo High School: Hornets Prep Sports Dietrich High School: Devils Prep Sports Filer High School: Wildcats Prep Sports Glenns Ferry High School: Pilots Prep Sports Gooding High School: Senators Prep Sports Hagerman High School: Pirates Prep Sports Hansen High School: Huskies Prep Sports Jerome High School: Tigers Prep Sports Kimberly High School: Bulldogs Prep Sports Lighthouse Christian School: Lions Prep Sports Minico High School: Spartans Prep Sports Murtaugh High School: Red Devils Prep Sports Oakley High School: Hornets Prep Sports Richfield High School: Tigers Prep Sports Raft River High School: Trojans Prep Sports Shoshone High School: Indians Prep Sports Twin Falls High: Bruins Prep Sports Valley High School: Vikings Prep Sports Wendell High School: Trojans Prep Sports Wood River High: Wolverines Prep Sports Lifestyles Entertainment Outdoors Faith & Values Food Calendar Opinion Our View Other Views Letters to the Editor Blogs Photos & Videos Photo Galleries Video Photo Blog Obituaries Weather Games & Puzzles Buy & Sell Business Directory Real Estate Autos Classifieds Today's Deal Place an Ad Newspaper Ads Jobs Weekly Ads e-Edition Contact Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 12° Twin Falls, ID (83301) Today Skies clearing overnight. Tonight Cloudy skies early, then partly cloudy after midnight. Low 7F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 6:28 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Events Obituaries Buy & Sell Close 1 of 17 Richard Drew Specialist Meric Greenbaum, left, works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Frank O'Connell, left, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Traders William Lawrence, left, and John Santiago work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Joseph Lawler works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Craig Esposito, right, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Conduent CEO Ashok Vemuri, center, rings a ceremonial bell as his company's spinoff from Xerox begins trading on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Specialist Mario Picone works on a keyboard at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Gregory Rowe works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models wave from the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Japanese languages at top read: "Happy New Year!" (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko A Kimono-clad employee of the Tokyo Stock Exchange tolls a bell as Finance Minister Taro Aso, right, smiles after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models see guests off after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models pose for photographers in front of stock price boards after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko An electronic stock board shows the year's first trading figure at the Tokyo Stock Exchange after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Japan Exchange Group Inc. CEO Akira Kiyota delivers a speech during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models walk out of the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Staff of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and guests make a ceremonial hand-clapping during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso, center, waves to guests during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) AP Nikkei rises on weak yen but other Asian indexes mixed By YURI KAGEYAMA AP Business Writer Jan 3, 2017 0 Richard Drew Specialist Meric Greenbaum, left, works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Frank O'Connell, left, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Traders William Lawrence, left, and John Santiago work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Joseph Lawler works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Craig Esposito, right, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Conduent CEO Ashok Vemuri, center, rings a ceremonial bell as his company's spinoff from Xerox begins trading on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Specialist Mario Picone works on a keyboard at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Gregory Rowe works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models wave from the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Japanese languages at top read: "Happy New Year!" (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko A Kimono-clad employee of the Tokyo Stock Exchange tolls a bell as Finance Minister Taro Aso, right, smiles after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models see guests off after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models pose for photographers in front of stock price boards after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko An electronic stock board shows the year's first trading figure at the Tokyo Stock Exchange after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Japan Exchange Group Inc. CEO Akira Kiyota delivers a speech during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models walk out of the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Staff of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and guests make a ceremonial hand-clapping during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso, center, waves to guests during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Wednesday, as the Tokyo benchmark jumped in the first trading of 2017, helped by a weak yen. Other indexes lost some gains from earlier this week. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 added 2.2 percent to 19,536.72, while Australia's S&P/ASX 200 was little changed at 5,734.80. South Korea's Kospi edged up nearly 0.1 percent to 2,045.13. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.2 percent to 22,104.67, while the Shanghai Composite index gained 0.1 percent to 3,139.80. KIMONOS AND CLAPPING: The Tokyo Stock Exchange welcomed the new year in customary style as women in kimono clapped while Finance Minister Taro Aso rang a bell to celebrate this year's first session. The Nikkei surged as much as 400 yen at one point, as the weak yen, a boon for exporters, pushed auto shares including Honda Motor Co. higher. JAPAN MANUFACTURING: Investors were encouraged by Wednesday's release of the Nikkei Japan Manufacturing PMI, a survey of purchasing managers. The reading of 52.4 for December was its highest in a year. The figure is based on a scale of 0 to 100, where 50 marks the shift between contraction and expansion. Manufacturers cited rising orders from the U.S., China and Europe as one factor behind the improvement. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks broke a three-day losing streak, ushering in the new year with broad gains. The Dow Jones industrial average added 119.16 points, or 0.6 percent, to 19,881.76. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 19 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,257.83. The Nasdaq composite gained 45.97 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,429.08. THE QUOTE: "Strong sentiment at the start of the year coupled with volatility could be what 2017 has in store for the markets," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude added 33 cents to $52.66 a barrel in New York. It lost $1.39 to $52.33 a barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 34 cents to $55.81 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar remained strong, rising to 117.97 yen from 117.39 yen. The euro slumped to $1.0404 from $1.0481. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama Tags Wire Business General News Oil And Gas Industry Stock Markets Leading Economic Indicators Economy Energy Industry Financial Markets Commodity Markets Gas Utilities Corporate Stock Corporate News Energy Equipment Manufacturing Industrial Machinery And Equipment Industrial Products And Services Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Utilities Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Health Care Industry Prices Manufacturing Sector Performance × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Latest in section The Latest: Catch by Cook sets up winning kick for Packers Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Trump: Brexit 'a great thing,' EU to continue to break apart PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Attorney General Lynch: 'We have always pushed forward' Most Popular Twin Falls man dies after falling from 2nd story window Black Bear Diner plans to open in Twin Falls Police say Burley man deliberately hit man on motorized bike A life remembered: The woman who survived 7 organ transplants Flooding hits Mini-Cassia Business Directory Latest Local Offers Kitchen Tune-Up Kitchen Solutions for every budget! Click here or Call Kitchen Tune-Up today: 208-736-1036 Updated Jan 11, 2017 A-1 Towing Need a tow? Mention this ad for $50 in town tow from A-1 Towing: (208) 733-1302 Updated Jan 11, 2017 Currents Food How to make a chicken sandwich from scratch. As in, 'grow-wheat-for-the-bread' from scratch National News How many bombs did the US drop in 2016? +11 News Videos of Donald Trump: from the campaign trail to the presidency Today’s top pics: Preparing for Chinese New Year and more Your daily 6: Bad boots make swastika imprint, too much snow and the Barack-Biden bromance Today In History, Jan. 13: Costa Concordia Today's Birthdays, Jan. 13: Rip Taylor DeMar DeRozan scores 23 points, Raptors rout Knicks 116-101 Curry, Warriors ready for another Cavs rematch Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance Bazemore, Dunleavy pick up offense, Hawks beat Bucks Latest Local Offers Phillips Electric is your residential, commercial, and agricultural electrician! 208-536-2426 Phillips Electric has proudly served the Twin Falls and surrounding areas for all your resid… Phillips Electric Serving Twin Falls and surrounding areas, Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-536-2426 Ads Mystic Paws Grooming Provides Pickups And Drop Offs! We'll Pick up your Pooch...Groom them...& Drop them off! Call Today! (208) 735-1015 We have flexible hours for pickups and drop offs! It's just $5 for Twin Falls residents, and… Mystic Paws Grooming, LLC 2054 4th Avenue East, #4, Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-735-1015 Ads Save big now on Cabinet Refacing and Wood Reconditioning! Click here for specials. Call Kitchen Tune-Up today: 208-736-1036 Our Specials: Kitchen Tune-Up Serving the Twin Falls area, Sun Valley, Jerome County and Gooding County, Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-736-1036 Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Officials spell out inauguration security plans Video: Oregon zoo animals frolic in the snow Video: Study finds lower mortality risk for ‘weekend warriors’ Video: Ruby seadragon filmed for the first time Sites & Partners Print Edition Online Magic Valley Wheels Today's Deal Online Features Tools & Services Customer Service Subscribe Activate Advertise Email Alerts Contact Us About Us © Copyright 2017 Times-News, 132 Fairfield ST W Twin Falls, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Gordon Sinclair to cut 81 employees, move major ops to Pa. Leaders talk regional challenges at LIA breakfast Villani: What does Trump’s presidency mean for the environment? Personalized IRS letters nudge uninsured to get coverage US stock indexes mixed in afternoon trading; oil slides Friday Officials tout downtown sewer funds for Kings Park and Smithtown Holiday sales report shows boost in 2016 Executive Profile: Timothy Sini Grassi expanding in White Plains via merger On Our Island: Nonprofit highlights of the week Long Island Business News The premier source of Long Island news and data on business, economic trends and the region’s robust entrepreneurial sector. News Economy Education Energy Finance Government Healthcare Law Nonprofit Opinion Real Estate Small Business Technology Transportation Video Events Events Directory Events Calendar Events Photo Gallery Lists Lists Back Issues Advertising Rates Digital Marketing Reprints Classifieds Calendar Networking Events Editorial Calendar E-edition Digital Edition Digital Edition Archives Special Publications Public Notice E-alerts Home / Stocks Scroller / US stocks moving higher in midday trading Tuesday Get our free LIBN e-alerts & breaking news notifications! AP Photo US stocks moving higher in midday trading Tuesday By: The Associated Press January 3, 2017 0 U.S. stocks are moving higher on the first trading day of 2017 and are on track to break a three-day losing streak. Health care companies, which fell last year as the rest of the market moved higher, are making some of the biggest gains. While stock indexes are broadly higher, they’ve surrendered most of an earlier gain. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average added 31 points, or 0.2 percent, to 19,793 as of 1:35 p.m. Eastern time. The blue-chip index rose as much as 175 points in the first hour of trading. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 9 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,248. The Nasdaq composite picked up 22 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,407. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks small-company stocks, remained at 1,357. The Russell rose almost 20 percent last year and did far better than indexes focused on larger companies. The Dow lagged behind the S&P 500 and Nasdaq in part because of losses for McDonald’s and Travelers, the insurance company. ON THE MEND: Health care stocks made some of the biggest gains. Merck & Co. rose $1.44, or 2.4 percent, to $60.31 and biotech giant Amgen picked up $4.75, or 3.2 percent, to $150.96. Prescription drug distributor McKesson gained $7.05, or 5 percent, to $147.50. The S&P 500’s health care index fell 4 percent last year. It was the only S&P 500 sector that traded lower as the S&P 500 itself rose 9.5 percent for the year. COPY THAT: Xerox surged $1, or 17.4 percent, to $6.75 after it split itself in two, a move the company announced almost a year ago. The original Xerox kept its printer and copier business. The second company will focus on business process outsourcing, providing payment processing and other services. Xerox will receive $1.8 billion in cash. The new company, Conduent Inc., now trades under the ticker symbol “CNDT.” That stock lost 94 cents, or 6.3 percent, to $13.97. ENERGY: Oil prices turned lower after jumping more than 2 percent early in the day. U.S. crude gave up $1.24, or 2.3 percent, to $52.48 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, skidded $1.16, or 2 percent, to $55.66 a barrel in London. Despite that slump, energy companies traded higher. But natural gas companies dropped as natural gas futures dropped 10.6 percent. Southwestern Energy lost 96 cents, or 8.9 percent, to $9.86 and Cabot Oil & Gas gave up $1.26, or 5.8 percent, to $22. MANUFACTURING ACTION: The manufacturing sector continued its recovery and ended 2016 on a strong note. The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index rose to 54.7 in December, its highest reading of the year. That was the fourth straight month of expansion and the ninth out of the last 10. The result was a bit stronger than analysts expected. MISSING 2016: Graphics processor maker Nvidia couldn’t break out of a recent slump. The stock more than tripled in value last year, but hit a wall in the final days of trading. The stock slid $6.61, or 6.2 percent, to $100.13. It’s down 14 percent since Dec. 27, when it closed at an all-time high. DOUBLE CLICKED: Technology stocks also traded higher. Facebook added $1.91, or 1.7 percent, to $116.96 and Alphabet, Google’s parent company, rose $16.20, or 2 percent, to $808.65. On Monday Alphabet announced a partnership with Fiat Chrysler. The companies will work together on a connected car system. Fiat Chrysler stock picked up 44 cents, or 4.8 percent, to $9.56. BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.46 percent from 2.43 percent late Friday. Utility companies fell, as did real estate investment trusts and companies that make and sell household goods. Those stocks are often compared to bonds because they pay large dividends, but the jump in yields Tuesday encouraged investors to look elsewhere. CURRENCIES: The dollar jumped to 117.35 yen from 116.78 yen. The euro slumped to $1.0427 from $1.0531. OVERSEAS: The FTSE 100 index in Britain rose 0.5 percent to another all-time high. The French CAC 40 added 0.3 percent. Germany’s DAX slipped 0.1 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index gained 0.7 percent and the Kospi in South Korea rose 0.9 percent. Tokyo’s stock market remained closed for the New Year’s holiday. Share this: Email Print LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google 1:45 pm Tue, January 3, 2017 The Associated Press Gordon Sinclair to cut 81 employees, move major ops to Pa. January 13, 2017 Leaders talk regional challenges at LIA breakfast January 13, 2017 Villani: What does Trump’s presidency mean for the environment? January 13, 2017 Personalized IRS letters nudge uninsured to get coverage January 13, 2017 US stock indexes mixed in afternoon trading; oil slides Friday January 13, 2017 Officials tout downtown sewer funds for Kings Park and Smithtown January 13, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Editor’s Picks Our best, right now. Gordon Sinclair to cut 81 employees, move major ops to Pa. by Claude Solnik | Jan. 13 Leaders talk regional challenges at LIA breakfast by Adina Genn | Jan. 13 Villani: What does Trump’s presidency mean for the environment? by Commentary | Jan. 13 Personalized IRS letters nudge uninsured to get coverage by The Associated Press | Jan. 13 Officials tout downtown sewer funds for Kings Park and Smithtown by David Winzelberg | Jan. 13 Movers & Shakers Suffolk Federal Credit Union promotes one Goldberg Segalla adds one associate Stony Brook University names one assistant dean Tenenbaum Law adds one Digital Edition The look and feel of print, on your screen. Current edition Subscribe now Special Publications Access the latest Special Publication Subscribe now Follow @LIBN on Twitter SCP commissioner Sini spoke about leadership, initiatives to drive down crime and how biz community can help --> https://t.co/7FXXLp2OnI 21 hours ago Melville office loan takes $13.77M loss --> https://t.co/OqANDXWMQn 24 hours ago According to report, Millennials are falling behind their boomer parents --> https://t.co/tZWFAsW8ei 2017/01/14 ICYMI: Officials tout downtown sewer funds for Kings Park and Smithtown --> https://t.co/26ZiJFI3Zb 2017/01/14 Subscribe To RSS Feed 16,618 Followers 2,660 Fans Follow Us The Poll Do you go to work when you are sick? Yes - I can't financially afford to miss a day of work. Yes - My job is too demanding to miss a day. Yes - I prefer to use "sick" days doing something fun! No - I stay away from others and take time to recover. View Results  Loading ... LIBN on Flickr My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Gordon Sinclair to cut 81 employees, move major ops to Pa. Leaders talk regional challenges at LIA breakfast Villani: What does Trump’s presidency mean for the environment? Personalized IRS letters nudge uninsured to get coverage US stock indexes mixed in afternoon trading; oil slides Friday Officials tout downtown sewer funds for Kings Park and Smithtown LIBN ABOUT CONTACT US EVENTS REPRINTS ADVERTISE Copyright © 2017 Long Island Business News | 2150 Smithtown Avenue, Suite 7, Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 a mile south of the Long Island Expressway at exit 60 x Check Also Holiday sales report shows boost in 2016 Sales rose 4 percent to about $658.3B Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Durden Traffic Cams Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Title: Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions January 15, 2017 67° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Skies clearing overnight. Tonight Cloudy skies this evening will become partly cloudy after midnight. Low 53F. Winds light and variable. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Add your listing Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Durden Traffic Cams Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Title: Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Close 1 of 17 Richard Drew Specialist Meric Greenbaum, left, works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Frank O'Connell, left, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Traders William Lawrence, left, and John Santiago work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Joseph Lawler works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Craig Esposito, right, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Conduent CEO Ashok Vemuri, center, rings a ceremonial bell as his company's spinoff from Xerox begins trading on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Specialist Mario Picone works on a keyboard at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Gregory Rowe works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models wave from the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Japanese languages at top read: "Happy New Year!" (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko A Kimono-clad employee of the Tokyo Stock Exchange tolls a bell as Finance Minister Taro Aso, right, smiles after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models see guests off after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models pose for photographers in front of stock price boards after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko An electronic stock board shows the year's first trading figure at the Tokyo Stock Exchange after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Japan Exchange Group Inc. CEO Akira Kiyota delivers a speech during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models walk out of the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Staff of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and guests make a ceremonial hand-clapping during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso, center, waves to guests during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) AP Nikkei rises on weak yen but other Asian indexes mixed By YURI KAGEYAMA AP Business Writer Jan 3, 2017 (…) Richard Drew Specialist Meric Greenbaum, left, works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Frank O'Connell, left, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Traders William Lawrence, left, and John Santiago work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Joseph Lawler works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Craig Esposito, right, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Conduent CEO Ashok Vemuri, center, rings a ceremonial bell as his company's spinoff from Xerox begins trading on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Specialist Mario Picone works on a keyboard at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Richard Drew Trader Gregory Rowe works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models wave from the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Japanese languages at top read: "Happy New Year!" (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko A Kimono-clad employee of the Tokyo Stock Exchange tolls a bell as Finance Minister Taro Aso, right, smiles after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models see guests off after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models pose for photographers in front of stock price boards after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko An electronic stock board shows the year's first trading figure at the Tokyo Stock Exchange after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Japan Exchange Group Inc. CEO Akira Kiyota delivers a speech during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models walk out of the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Staff of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and guests make a ceremonial hand-clapping during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Eugene Hoshiko Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso, center, waves to guests during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Wednesday, as the Tokyo benchmark jumped in the first trading of 2017, helped by a weak yen. Other indexes lost some gains from earlier this week. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 added 2.2 percent to 19,536.72, while Australia's S&P/ASX 200 was little changed at 5,734.80. South Korea's Kospi edged up nearly 0.1 percent to 2,045.13. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.2 percent to 22,104.67, while the Shanghai Composite index gained 0.1 percent to 3,139.80. KIMONOS AND CLAPPING: The Tokyo Stock Exchange welcomed the new year in customary style as women in kimono clapped while Finance Minister Taro Aso rang a bell to celebrate this year's first session. The Nikkei surged as much as 400 yen at one point, as the weak yen, a boon for exporters, pushed auto shares including Honda Motor Co. higher. JAPAN MANUFACTURING: Investors were encouraged by Wednesday's release of the Nikkei Japan Manufacturing PMI, a survey of purchasing managers. The reading of 52.4 for December was its highest in a year. The figure is based on a scale of 0 to 100, where 50 marks the shift between contraction and expansion. Manufacturers cited rising orders from the U.S., China and Europe as one factor behind the improvement. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks broke a three-day losing streak, ushering in the new year with broad gains. The Dow Jones industrial average added 119.16 points, or 0.6 percent, to 19,881.76. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 19 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,257.83. The Nasdaq composite gained 45.97 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,429.08. THE QUOTE: "Strong sentiment at the start of the year coupled with volatility could be what 2017 has in store for the markets," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude added 33 cents to $52.66 a barrel in New York. It lost $1.39 to $52.33 a barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 34 cents to $55.81 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar remained strong, rising to 117.97 yen from 117.39 yen. The euro slumped to $1.0404 from $1.0481. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama Tags Business General News Oil And Gas Industry Stock Markets Leading Economic Indicators Economy Energy Industry Financial Markets Commodity Markets Gas Utilities Corporate Stock Corporate News Energy Equipment Manufacturing Industrial Machinery And Equipment Industrial Products And Services Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Utilities Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Health Care Industry Prices Manufacturing Sector Performance Locations United States East Asia North America Asia Japan Tokyo Popular A frank discussion Dothan photographer faces 186 child porn possession charges Josh Parrish hired as Northview head football coach 25th anniversary of the Troy Trojans basketball team scoring a record-setting 258 points Ex-Elba QB Johnson fulfills dream with Tide Lopez, Melinda Traylor Renaissance Faire coming to Enterprise Dothan man describes Fort Lauderdale airport shooting: 'That could have been me' Bethel Baptist Church to open private academy in east Dothan Fort Rucker flight training contract could be worth $450 million for CAE USA Contests Bridal Extravaganza Ticket Giveaway Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business January 3, 2017 10:43 PM Nikkei rises on weak yen but other Asian indexes mixed Specialist Meric Greenbaum, left, works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. Richard Drew) AP Photo Trader Frank O'Connell, left, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. Richard Drew) AP Photo Traders William Lawrence, left, and John Santiago work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. Richard Drew) AP Photo Trader Joseph Lawler works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. Richard Drew) AP Photo Trader Craig Esposito, right, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. Richard Drew) AP Photo Conduent CEO Ashok Vemuri, center, rings a ceremonial bell as his company's spinoff from Xerox begins trading on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. Richard Drew) AP Photo Specialist Mario Picone works on a keyboard at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. Richard Drew) AP Photo Trader Gregory Rowe works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. Richard Drew) AP Photo Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models wave from the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Japanese languages at top read: "Happy New Year!" Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo A Kimono-clad employee of the Tokyo Stock Exchange tolls a bell as Finance Minister Taro Aso, right, smiles after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models see guests off after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models pose for photographers in front of stock price boards after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo An electronic stock board shows the year's first trading figure at the Tokyo Stock Exchange after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo Japan Exchange Group Inc. CEO Akira Kiyota delivers a speech during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models walk out of the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo Staff of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and guests make a ceremonial hand-clapping during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso, center, waves to guests during a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo 1 of 17 i By YURI KAGEYAMA AP Business Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story TOKYO Asian shares were mixed Wednesday, as the Tokyo benchmark jumped in the first trading of 2017, helped by a weak yen. Other indexes lost some gains from earlier this week. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 added 2.2 percent to 19,536.72, while Australia's S&P/ASX 200 was little changed at 5,734.80. South Korea's Kospi edged up nearly 0.1 percent to 2,045.13. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.2 percent to 22,104.67, while the Shanghai Composite index gained 0.1 percent to 3,139.80. KIMONOS AND CLAPPING: The Tokyo Stock Exchange welcomed the new year in customary style as women in kimono clapped while Finance Minister Taro Aso rang a bell to celebrate this year's first session. The Nikkei surged as much as 400 yen at one point, as the weak yen, a boon for exporters, pushed auto shares including Honda Motor Co. higher. JAPAN MANUFACTURING: Investors were encouraged by Wednesday's release of the Nikkei Japan Manufacturing PMI, a survey of purchasing managers. The reading of 52.4 for December was its highest in a year. The figure is based on a scale of 0 to 100, where 50 marks the shift between contraction and expansion. Manufacturers cited rising orders from the U.S., China and Europe as one factor behind the improvement. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks broke a three-day losing streak, ushering in the new year with broad gains. The Dow Jones industrial average added 119.16 points, or 0.6 percent, to 19,881.76. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 19 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,257.83. The Nasdaq composite gained 45.97 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,429.08. THE QUOTE: "Strong sentiment at the start of the year coupled with volatility could be what 2017 has in store for the markets," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude added 33 cents to $52.66 a barrel in New York. It lost $1.39 to $52.33 a barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 34 cents to $55.81 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar remained strong, rising to 117.97 yen from 117.39 yen. The euro slumped to $1.0404 from $1.0481. --- Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:39 The last day of the circus in Miami Pause 0:16 WPLG makes historic announcement 5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide 1:01 Cubans stuck in Mexico cling to hope of entering U.S. 1:29 Flowers, tears for shooting victims 1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail 1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring 57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre 1:20 The United States of Powerball 0:43 Alaska co-worker calls airport shooter 'regular guy working as a security guard' Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Airport workers claim they lost their jobs after speaking out 1:17 3 days ago Airport workers claim they lost their jobs after speaking out 2:33 3 days ago Seven Seas Explorer: A look inside the luxurious ship 0:54 12 days ago Carnival Corp. unveils new 'smart ship' technology View more video Business CEOs discuss their resolutions for the New Year E-commerce startup opens online mall of U.S. brands to more Latin Americans How developers are redesigning Miami, 9 acres at a time How to get email from an upgraded Outlook.com Is working late a necessity, or a habit? Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
January 15, 2017 | 79° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Business Breaking| Top News Market rings in 2017 with gains as health care stocks rise Associated Press Posted January 03, 2017 January 3, 2017 Updated January 3, 2017 7:35am ASSOCIATED PRESS Specialist Meric Greenbaum, left, worked at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange today. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. NEW YORK >> U.S. stocks are moving higher on the first trading day of 2017. Health care companies, which fell last year as the rest of the market moved higher, are making some of the biggest gains. While stock indexes are broadly higher, they’ve surrendered most of an earlier gain. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average added 36 points, or 0.2 percent, to 19,798 as of 12:20 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 10 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,248. The Nasdaq composite picked up 24 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,407. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks small-company stocks, lagged the market as it edged up 2 points, or 0.2 percent, to 1,359. The Russell rose almost 20 percent last year and did far better than indexes focused on larger companies. U.S. stocks are coming off a three-day losing streak. ON THE MEND: Health care stocks made some of the biggest gains at midday Tuesday. Merck & Co. rose $1.27, or 2.2 percent, to $60.14 and biotech giant Amgen picked up $4.23, or 2.9 percent, to $150.44. Prescription drug distributor McKesson gained $5.86, or 4.2 percent, to $146.31. The S&P 500’s health care index fell 4 percent last year. It was the only S&P 500 sector that traded lower as the S&P 500 itself rose 9.5 percent for the year. BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.47 percent from 2.43 percent late Friday. Higher bond yields are linked to higher interest rates, and bank stocks made big gains. Citigroup rose 90 cents, or 1.5 percent, to $60.33 and Morgan Stanley picked up 55 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $42.80. Banks and energy companies both climbed more than 20 percent last year. Utility companies fell, and real estate investment trusts and companies that make and sell household goods made far smaller gains than the rest of the market. Those stocks are often compared to bonds because they pay large dividends, but the jump in yields Tuesday encouraged investors to look elsewhere. COPY THAT: Xerox surged 91 cents, or 15.8 percent, to $6.66 after it split itself in two, a move the company announced almost a year ago. The original Xerox kept its printer and copier business. The second company will focus on business process outsourcing, providing payment processing and other services. Xerox will receive $1.8 billion in cash. The new company, Conduent Inc., now trades under the ticker symbol “CNDT.” That stock lost $1.02, or 6.9 percent, to $13.88. ENERGY: Oil prices turned lower after jumping more than 2 percent early in the day. U.S. crude gave up $1.26, or 2.3 percent, to $52.47 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, skidded $1.28, or 2.3 percent, to $55.54 a barrel in London. Meanwhile natural gas companies dropped as natural gas futures dropped 12.2 percent. Southwestern Energy lost 99 cents, or 9.1 percent, to $9.83 and Cabot Oil & Gas gave up $1.52, or 6.5 percent, to $21.84. MANUFACTURING ACTION: The manufacturing sector continued its recovery and ended 2016 on a strong note. The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index rose to 54.7 in December, its highest reading of the year. That was the fourth straight month of expansion and the ninth out of the last 10. The result was a bit stronger than analysts expected. MISSING 2016: Graphics processor maker Nvidia couldn’t break out of a recent slump. The stock more than tripled in value last year, but hit a wall in the final days of trading. The stock slid $5.69, or 5.3 percent, to $101.05. It’s down 14 percent since Dec. 27, when it closed at an all-time high. DOUBLE CLICKED: Technology stocks also traded higher. Facebook added $1.54, or 1.3 percent, to $116.39 and Alphabet, Google’s parent company, rose $15.44, or 1.9 percent, to $807.89. On Monday Alphabet announced a partnership with Fiat Chrysler. The companies will work together on a connected car system. Fiat Chrysler stock picked up 44 cents, or 4.8 percent, to $9.56. CURRENCIES: The dollar jumped to 117.68 yen from 116.78 yen. The euro slumped to $1.0414 from $1.0531. OVERSEAS: The FTSE 100 index in Britain rose 0.5 percent to another all-time high. The French CAC 40 added 0.3 percent. Germany’s DAX slipped 0.1 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index gained 0.7 percent and the Kospi in South Korea rose 0.9 percent. Tokyo’s stock market remained closed for the New Year’s holiday. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Kamehameha closed as police investigate shooting in Kaneohe Duterte orders troops to blast militants and their hostages College aspirants face pressure to do ‘impossible’ UH rallies past Long Beach for OT win Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years 1 comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. st1d says: January 3, 2017 at 9:03 am not going to hear about ford canceling the $1.6 Billion factory move to mexico and recommitting that money and effort into remaining in the u.s. in response to president elect trump’s persuasive efforts to keep u.s. companies from shifting jobs away from americans. nope, not in the star advertiser. Log in to Reply Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive US stocks ring in 2017 with gains as health care stocks rise Tuesday Jan 3, 2017 at 10:36 AM Jan 3, 2017 at 12:36 PM Marley Jay The Associated Press NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are moving higher on the first trading day of 2017. Health care companies, which fell last year as the rest of the market moved higher, are making some of the biggest gains. While stock indexes are broadly higher, they've surrendered most of an earlier gain.     KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average added 36 points, or 0.2 percent, to 19,798 as of 12:20 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 10 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,248. The Nasdaq composite picked up 24 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,407. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks small-company stocks, lagged the market as it edged up 2 points, or 0.2 percent, to 1,359. The Russell rose almost 20 percent last year and did far better than indexes focused on larger companies. U.S. stocks are coming off a three-day losing streak. ON THE MEND: Health care stocks made some of the biggest gains at midday Tuesday. Merck & Co. rose $1.27, or 2.2 percent, to $60.14 and biotech giant Amgen picked up $4.23, or 2.9 percent, to $150.44. Prescription drug distributor McKesson gained $5.86, or 4.2 percent, to $146.31. The S&P 500's health care index fell 4 percent last year. It was the only S&P 500 sector that traded lower as the S&P 500 itself rose 9.5 percent for the year. BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.47 percent from 2.43 percent late Friday. Higher bond yields are linked to higher interest rates, and bank stocks made big gains. Citigroup rose 90 cents, or 1.5 percent, to $60.33 and Morgan Stanley picked up 55 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $42.80. Banks and energy companies both climbed more than 20 percent last year. Utility companies fell, and real estate investment trusts and companies that make and sell household goods made far smaller gains than the rest of the market. Those stocks are often compared to bonds because they pay large dividends, but the jump in yields Tuesday encouraged investors to look elsewhere. COPY THAT: Xerox surged 91 cents, or 15.8 percent, to $6.66 after it split itself in two, a move the company announced almost a year ago. The original Xerox kept its printer and copier business. The second company will focus on business process outsourcing, providing payment processing and other services. Xerox will receive $1.8 billion in cash. The new company, Conduent Inc., now trades under the ticker symbol "CNDT." That stock lost $1.02, or 6.9 percent, to $13.88. ENERGY: Oil prices turned lower after jumping more than 2 percent early in the day. U.S. crude gave up $1.26, or 2.3 percent, to $52.47 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, skidded $1.28, or 2.3 percent, to $55.54 a barrel in London. Meanwhile natural gas companies dropped as natural gas futures dropped 12.2 percent. Southwestern Energy lost 99 cents, or 9.1 percent, to $9.83 and Cabot Oil & Gas gave up $1.52, or 6.5 percent, to $21.84. MANUFACTURING ACTION: The manufacturing sector continued its recovery and ended 2016 on a strong note. The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index rose to 54.7 in December, its highest reading of the year. That was the fourth straight month of expansion and the ninth out of the last 10. The result was a bit stronger than analysts expected. MISSING 2016: Graphics processor maker Nvidia couldn't break out of a recent slump. The stock more than tripled in value last year, but hit a wall in the final days of trading. The stock slid $5.69, or 5.3 percent, to $101.05. It's down 14 percent since Dec. 27, when it closed at an all-time high. DOUBLE CLICKED: Technology stocks also traded higher. Facebook added $1.54, or 1.3 percent, to $116.39 and Alphabet, Google's parent company, rose $15.44, or 1.9 percent, to $807.89. On Monday Alphabet announced a partnership with Fiat Chrysler. The companies will work together on a connected car system. Fiat Chrysler stock picked up 44 cents, or 4.8 percent, to $9.56. CURRENCIES: The dollar jumped to 117.68 yen from 116.78 yen. The euro slumped to $1.0414 from $1.0531. OVERSEAS: The FTSE 100 index in Britain rose 0.5 percent to another all-time high. The French CAC 40 added 0.3 percent. Germany's DAX slipped 0.1 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index gained 0.7 percent and the Kospi in South Korea rose 0.9 percent. Tokyo's stock market remained closed for the New Year's holiday. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Boomers Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
OBITUARIES VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos Homes For Sale For Rent Jobs CELEBRATIONS VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Place An Ad Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Classifieds VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos For Sale For Rent Jobs VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Subscribe Manage Subscriptions Home News B.C. National World Opinion Blogs Letters Business Sports Entertainment Go! Life Islander Horoscope | Crossword Travel Homes Driving Magazines Flyers E-edition WEB EDITION SIGN-IN LATEST NEWS: Stranded near Victoria, Korean ship’s crew hopes to go home soon Vancouver’s Railway Club to reopen as a pub — not a music venue Bitter nomination race divides NDP in Cowichan Valley Sewage board leaders to get $20,000 a month After 160 years, Craigflower Schoolhouse about to get a property tax bill New fence put up on Pandora Ave. to cut drug dealing Global shares advance; Japan's Nikkei rises on weak yen Marley Jay / The Associated Press January 3, 2017 07:08 AM Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models walk out of the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Previous Next Kimono-clad employees of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and models walk out of the stage after a ceremony marking the start of this year's trading in Tokyo Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) TOKYO - Global shares rose Wednesday as gains in the U.S. and Asian markets carried over into European trading. The Tokyo benchmark jumped in the opening day for 2017, helped by a weak yen. KEEPING SCORE: France's CAC 40 edged up 0.2 per cent to 4,910.99 in early trading, and Germany's DAX was unchanged at 11,583.90. Britain's FTSE 100 opened higher but was little changed at 7,175.43. U.S. shares were set to drift higher with Dow futures up 0.1 per cent at 19,821. S&P 500 futures rose 0.1 per cent to 2,255.60. KIMONOS AND CLAPPING: The Tokyo Stock Exchange welcomed the new year in customary style as women in kimono clapped while Finance Minister Taro Aso rang a bell to celebrate this year's first session. The Nikkei surged nearly 500 points, as the weak yen, a boon for exporters, pushed auto shares including Honda Motor Co. higher. JAPAN MANUFACTURING: Investors were encouraged by Wednesday's release of the Nikkei Japan Manufacturing PMI, a survey of purchasing managers. The reading of 52.4 for December was its highest in a year. The figure is based on a scale of 0 to 100, where 50 marks the cutoff between contraction and expansion. Manufacturers cited rising orders from the U.S., China and Europe as one factor behind the improvement. THE QUOTE: "Strong sentiment at the start of the year coupled with volatility could be what 2017 has in store for the markets," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. ASIA'S DAY: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 added 2.5 per cent to close at 19,594.16, while Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.1 per cent to 5,736.40. South Korea's Kospi gained nearly 0.1 per cent to 2,045.64. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 per cent to 22,134.47, while the Shanghai Composite index gained 0.7 per cent to 3,158.79. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude added 57 cents to $52.90 a barrel in New York. It lost $1.39 to $52.33 a barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 56 cents to $56.03 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar remained strong, rising to 117.80 yen from 117.39 yen. The euro slumped to $1.0430 from $1.0481. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama © Copyright Times Colonist Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next Stranded near Victoria, Korean ship’s crew hopes to go home soon › next Times Colonist Christmas Fund Please donate to the Christmas Fund to help people in need. Capital Home Winter 2016 The Luxury Edition Christmas Lights Map 2016 Add your display to our Christmas Lights Map Capital Christmas Celebrating the Season! Your Museum at 130 Royal B.C. Museum celebrates a birthday On the Front Lines of Fentanyl Inside the drug-overdose crisis Most Popular Top News Top Business Top Sports New fence put up on Pandora Ave. to cut drug dealing Update: Boy alone at Mayfair, parents located Jack Knox: The long and short of Victoria’s parking crunch Care aide stole $227,854 from ailing Victoria veteran Dying words: North Saanich woman’s appointment with death Hundreds gather to pay tribute to Malahat fire chief Rob Patterson After 160 years, Craigflower Schoolhouse about to get a property tax bill Sewage board leaders to get $20,000 a month Family of girl killed in 1984 prepares for the emotions of another trial House Beautiful: Surfer girls’ paradise in Tofino Nanaimo fertile ground for new hotels Expect another surge in home values, experts say Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Home values take big jump in capital region On the Street: MV Coho ferry ready for refit, changes for Prima Strada On the Street: Johnny Rockets burger joints opening in May Big makeover for private school Victoria's renovated Capitol 6 reopens Nov. 4 as luxury multiplex Toronto stock market, Wall Street close lower as traders take profits German restaurant Rathskeller closing after half century Victoria Royals bounce back to beat Moose Jaw Warriors Powell River Kings close gap with win over Victoria Grizzlies Snow halts bobsled, skeleton athletes' drive for podium at World Cup Rowing Canada begins four-year journey on Elk Lake UVic Vikes basketball teams record sweep Golf pro Ward Stouffer remembered as a ‘true gentle giant’ Fired-up Rockets blast Royals: Kelowna 9, Victoria 2 Nanaimo moves closer to landing WHL team Ryan leads Falcons to NFC title game, beating Seattle 36-20 Whitecaps speedster Kekuta Manneh savouring first taste of U.S. national team Your timescolonist.com More News Iconic Motoring Click here for the first issue Spiritually Speaking  Working together for common good a joyful experience New Year's Resolutions and The Three R's of Resolve Choose words that will inspire, not destroy Don’t Miss ›› daily ›› Your daily horoscope ›› Today’s obituaries ›› Daily crossword online ›› E-edition of today’s newspaper ›› Sign up for the free newsletter Times Colonist on Twitter Times Colonist on Twitter Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events GET THE TIMES COLONIST DAILY NEWSLETTER Get the day's top Times Colonist headlines emailed to you every day at 9 a.m. GET A JOB DELIVERING TC FLYERS The Times Colonist is looking for people to deliver flyers every Thursday ... News And Tools Life News Obituaries Newspaper Ads Job Listings Car Listings Properties For Sale Place An Ad Infomart Other myLOCALFLYERS.ca About Us Subscribe Victoria Early Years Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms and Conditions Sponsorship Information Connect Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright 2013-2017 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 41° Share Nikkei rises on weak yen but other Asian indexes mixed By Marley Jay / Associated Press Published: Tuesday, January 3rd, 2017 at 10:33am Updated: Tuesday, January 3rd, 2017 at 8:38pm Specialist Meric Greenbaum, left, works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. The stock market opened the year on a strong note, led by big gains in banks and energy companies. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... TOKYO — Asian shares were mixed Wednesday, as the Tokyo benchmark jumped in the first trading of 2017, helped by a weak yen. Other indexes lost some gains from earlier this week. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 added 2.2 percent to 19,536.72, while Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 was little changed at 5,734.80. South Korea’s Kospi edged up nearly 0.1 percent to 2,045.13. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dipped 0.2 percent to 22,104.67, while the Shanghai Composite index gained 0.1 percent to 3,139.80. KIMONOS AND CLAPPING: The Tokyo Stock Exchange welcomed the new year in customary style as women in kimono clapped while Finance Minister Taro Aso rang a bell to celebrate this year’s first session. The Nikkei surged as much as 400 yen at one point, as the weak yen, a boon for exporters, pushed auto shares including Honda Motor Co. higher. JAPAN MANUFACTURING: Investors were encouraged by Wednesday’s release of the Nikkei Japan Manufacturing PMI, a survey of purchasing managers. The reading of 52.4 for December was its highest in a year. The figure is based on a scale of 0 to 100, where 50 marks the shift between contraction and expansion. Manufacturers cited rising orders from the U.S., China and Europe as one factor behind the improvement. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks broke a three-day losing streak, ushering in the new year with broad gains. The Dow Jones industrial average added 119.16 points, or 0.6 percent, to 19,881.76. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 19 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,257.83. The Nasdaq composite gained 45.97 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,429.08. THE QUOTE: “Strong sentiment at the start of the year coupled with volatility could be what 2017 has in store for the markets,” said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. Advertisement Continue reading ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude added 33 cents to $52.66 a barrel in New York. It lost $1.39 to $52.33 a barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 34 cents to $55.81 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar remained strong, rising to 117.97 yen from 117.39 yen. The euro slumped to $1.0404 from $1.0481. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe Most Recent Biz News Suggested Stories: Asian shares surge on solid China data, optimism on earnings – Jul 14, 2016 World stocks mostly drop, Japan enjoys Pokemon-inspired rise – Jul 19, 2016 Asian stocks mixed as markets await OPEC meeting results – Nov 29, 2016 European stocks dip after Japan starts 2017 with a bang – Jan 3, 2017 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Data Forecast Tweet   Asia-Pacific Anticoccidial Drugs Market by Drug type, Animals and Region  Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2021 Research report by marketdataforecast.com with in-depth analysis on Asia Pacific Anticoccidial Drugs Market which provides information on market size, share, forecasts and company profiles for major industry participants 2016-2021   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 03, 2017 ) According to the report Asia Pacific Anticoccidial Drugs Market, published by Market Data Forecast, the Asia pacific market is projected to reach USD 598 Billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 5.12% from 2016 to 2021. For full report refer to http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-anticoccidial-drugs-market-24/ Anticoccidial drugs are used in order to treat an animal parasitic infection known as coccidiosis which is caused by coccidian protozoa. The disease is communicable which can spread by contact or consumption of the diseases tissue. Different varieties of animals are infected by this parasite such as poultry, pigs, sheep and cattle. Anticoccidial drugs became vital for the market as with the rise in population the demand for meat, egg and milk increases Free sample for the report is available at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-anticoccidial-drugs-market-24/request-sample Especially in developed regions, there is an inclining trend of owing companion animals is keenly observed which supports the growth of the Anticoccidial drugs market. Increasing incidences of the disease coccidiosis, ascend in the demand for meat proteins and smaller amount of stringent regulations are considered to be as other prominent factors. Avail discount at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-anticoccidial-drugs-market-24/request-discount Segmentation by Product: Animal type:  Poultry  Fish  Companion animals  Dogs  Cats  Swine  Cattle Drugs type:  Chemical derivative anticoccidials  Antibiotic anticoccidials  Lonophore anticoccidials By country:  China  Japan  India  South Korea  Australia Enquire more about the report at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-anticoccidial-drugs-market-24/inquire Major companies dominating the market are Novartis Animal Healthcare, Ceva Sante Animale, Bayer Health care, Elanco, Merck Animal Healthcare, Boehringer Ingelheim Animal Health, Zoetis, Merial, Smartvet Inc. and Virbac. Buy now https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/asia-pacific-anticoccidial-drugs-market-24 Scope of the Anti-Fungal Drugs Market Study:  Regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped  Segment-level analysis in terms of technology, component, and type along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail  Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics  Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensive PESTLE Analysis  Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, using Porters five forces analysis for analysing the level of competition and business strategy development  A comprehensive list of key market players along with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment  Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies  An executive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions  Expertly devised analyst overview along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Pharmaceuticals Segment: Bio-similar Market <||>rnhttp://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-biosimilars-market-1145/ Anti-venom Market: <||>rnhttp://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-antivenom-market-1583/ Cancer Monoclonal Antibodies Market: <||>rnhttp://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-cancer-monoclonal-antibodies-market-188/ Clinical Trials Market: <||>rnhttp://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-clinical-trials-1655/ About Us: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our analyst team comprises expert professionals in market research, who with their collective knowledge and skillset dedicatedly serve clients from various industries and regions. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Team Lead (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases Contact Information: Market Data Forecast Abhishek Tel: +1-888- 702-9626 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   Loratadine Market Outlook, Opportunities and Forecasts Report 2016-2021 Loratadine Market analysis is provided for global market including development trends by regions, competitive analysis of the Loratadine market   Loratadine Market (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 03, 2017 ) . Loratadine Industry report focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. Loratadine is an antihistamine that reduces the effects of natural chemical histamine in the body. Histamine can produce symptoms of sneezing, itching, watery eyes, and runny nose.Loratadine is used to treat sneezing, runny nose, watery eyes, hives, skin rash, itching, and other cold or allergy symptoms. Get Sample PDF of Loratadine Market Report @ <||>rnhttp://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10256842 Loratadine Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers · Merck · Bayer Group · Perrigo · Sun Pharma · Apotex · Pfizer and many more Loratadine Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers · North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) · Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) · Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) · Latin America, Middle and Africa Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Loratadine Market Research Report @ http://360marketupdates.com/10256842 Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Loratadine in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Loratadine Market Segment by Type, covers · Loratadine Tablet · Loratadine capsules · Loratadine syrup Loratadine Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into · Adult Drug · Pediatric Drug Ask for Discount @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-discount/10256842 Key questions answered in the report: ·What will the market growth rate of Loratadine market in 2020? ·What are the key factors driving the global Loratadine market? ·What are sales, revenue, and price analysis of top manufacturers of Loratadine market? ·Who are the distributors, traders and dealers of Loratadine market? ·Who are the key vendors in Loratadine market space? ·What are the Loratadine market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Loratadine market? ·What are sales, revenue, and price analysis by types, application and regions of Loratadine market? ·What are the market opportunities, market risk and market overview of the Loratadine market? No. of Report pages: 115 Price of Report: $ 3480 (Single User Licence) Purchase Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10256842 About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Market Research and Projections 2016-2021 on Consumer Needs, Pricing strategy, Revenue and Growth Rate The Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Market research study report is a respected source of information which offers a telescopic view of the current market status. Various key factors are discussed in the report, which will help the buyer in studyin (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 03, 2017 ) The Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic market is a highly diligent study on competitive landscape analysis, prime manufacturers, marketing strategies analysis, Market Effect Factor Analysis and Consumer Needs by major regions, types, applications in Global market considering the past, current and future state of the Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic industry. The report provides a thorough overview of the Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Market including definitions, classifications, applications and chain structure. This Research study focus on these types: - Chemotherapy Radiation Therapy Hormone Therapy Biotherapy Others This Research study focus on these applications: - Application 1 Application 2 Get More Details of This Meticulous Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Research Study @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10410425 This report studies Interferons in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with Production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Astra Zeneca PLC Biogen IDEC Bristol-Myers Squibb Sanofi Merck Johnson & Johnson Schering-Plough Roche Visit us to Get Sample PDF of report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10410425 Several important areas are covered in this Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic market research report. Some key points among them: - What Overview Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Says? This Overview Includes Diligent Analysis of Scope, Types, Application, Sales by region, manufacturers, types and applications What Is Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Competition considering Manufacturers, Types and Application? Based on Thorough Research of Key Factors Who Are Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Global Key Manufacturers? Along with this survey you also get their Product Information (Type, Application and Specification) Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutics Manufacturing Cost Analysis -This Analysis is done by considering these prime elements like Key RAW Materials, Price Trends, Market Concentration Rate of Raw Materials, Proportion of Raw Materials and Labour Cost in Manufacturing Cost Structure Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Industrial Chain Analysis Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Marketing strategies analysis by Market Positioning Pricing and Branding Strategy Client Targeting Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Effect Factor Analysis Technology Process/Risk Considering Substitute Threat and Technology Progress In Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Industry Consumer Needs or What Change Is Observed in Preference of Customer Political/Economical Change What is Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic forecast (2016-2021) Considering Sales, Revenue for Regions, Types and Applications? Topics such as sales and sales revenue overview, production market share by product type, capacity and production overview, import, export, and consumption are covered under the development trend section of the Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic market report. Lastly, the feasibility analysis of new project investment is done in the report, which consist of a detailed SWOT analysis of the Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic market. Both established and new players in the Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic industry can use this report for complete understanding of the market. Wish to Customise By Your Requirement? Ask our expert @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10410425 Some of key Tables and Figures included in this research study: - Figure Picture of Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Figure USA, Europe, China. Southeast Asia, India, Japan Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) Table Production Base and Market Concentration Rate of Raw Material Figure Manufacturing Cost Structure of Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Figure Manufacturing Process Analysis of Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Figure Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Industrial Chain Analysis Figure Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Sales and Growth Rate Forecast (2016-2021) Figure Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Revenue and Growth Rate Forecast (2016-2021) Table Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Sales Forecast by Regions (2016-2021) Table Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Sales Forecast by Type (2016-2021) Table Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Sales Forecast by Application (2016-2021) Price of Report: $ 2900 (Single User Licence) Want some discount? Ask for it @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-discount/10410425 Feel Satisfied? Purchase Cancer Therapeutics and Biotherapeutic Research Study @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10410425 About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Wall Street Daily Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us WSD Team Contact Us Archives Ensure Email Delivery Frequently Asked Questions Broker Listing The FDA: Small-Cap Catalyst or Small-Cap Killer? Published Fri, Dec 16, 2016  |  David Dittman, Editorial Director This particular bureaucracy neither gives nor takes. Data do. If a drug works, the company that develops it will do well. If a drug doesn’t work, the company that develops it had better have a diversified pipeline. Many of the 4,000 or so drugs in the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) approval system are there because of the work of intrepid scientists employed by small-cap companies. Some are so unique they gain special status. Some generate positive clinical trial results. Some generate negative clinical trial results. It can be a long, cumbersome, and expensive gauntlet. But “efficacy” can be an elusive target when it comes to complex chemical interactions. FDA decisions are, ultimately, driven by data, not by some nefarious desire to stymie innovators’ and entrepreneurs’ desire to save lives. Here’s how it works. Phase 1 trials are about safety. They typically involve 20–80 patient volunteers, with testing designed to identify a candidate drug’s most frequent side effects and how it’s metabolized and excreted. Phase 2 emphasizes effectiveness, with a patient volunteer pool numbering in the hundreds and the trial often placebo-controlled. The goal is to gather sufficient data to determine whether the drug actually works for its intended purpose. Safety and short-term side effects are also evaluated. Phase 3 trials typically involve thousands of patient-volunteers. Here, more data are gathered about safety and effectiveness, while testing is fine-tuned to assess impact on different populations at varying dosages and in combination with other drugs. Many of the 4,000 or so drugs in the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) approval system are there because of the work of intrepid scientists employed by small-cap companies. The FDA’s New Drug Application (NDA) review involves a meeting with a drug’s sponsor, a formal submission of the drug, a formal review of all research on safety and effectiveness, an evaluation of drug labeling for appropriate information, and an inspection of the facility where the drug will be manufactured. Following all that, the FDA will either approve the application or issue a response letter. The former is, obviously, positive. The latter is not. Even after a drug is approved, the FDA continues to monitor it, as “it’s not possible to predict all of a drug’s effects during clinical trials.” During the Phase 4 post-marketing monitoring stage, a drug sponsor submits periodic safety updates. “Fast Track Designation” is an alternative FDA process designed to facilitate faster approval of drugs developed for serious diseases that “address an unmet medical need.” “Breakthrough Therapy Designation” speeds the development and review of drugs meant for a serious condition where “preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over available therapy on a clinically significant endpoint(s).” “Accelerated Approval” regulations allow FDA to base approval of drugs “for serious conditions that fill an unmet medical need on whether the drug has an effect on a surrogate or an intermediate clinical endpoint.” “Priority Review” is granted in cases where a drug, if approved, represents “a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness in the treatment of a serious condition.” Meanwhile, “Orphan Drug Designation” provides clinical trial tax credits, user fee waivers, and exclusivity to incentivize development of drugs for rare diseases. Phase 3 is perhaps the most important catalyst. Results here “are very important for biotech companies, as they offer insight into the real effectiveness of a drug in human patients and drives [sic] the ultimate market valuation.” At all points along the way, there are opportunities to make profits and suffer losses, based on positive or negative decisions and results. Analysis by Thomas J. Hwang, formerly a researcher at Harvard Medical School and an associate in healthcare investment with Bain Capital Ventures, supports the conclusion that trial data matter for stock prices of publicly traded companies: The release of clinical trial results is an economically significant event and has meaningful effects on market value for large biopharmaceutical companies. Stock return underperformance due to negative events is greater in magnitude and persists longer than abnormal returns due to positive events, suggesting asymmetric market reactions. Although his study was limited to “large biopharmaceutical companies,” including Amgen Inc. (AMGN), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (BMY), Eli Lilly and Co. (LLY), Merck & Co. Inc. (MRK), and Pfizer Inc. (PFE), Hwang notes, “These findings confirm and extend previous scholarship on the significant market reactions to clinical trial results for biotechnology companies with few compounds in development.” At all points along the way, there are opportunities to make profits and suffer losses, based on positive or negative decisions and results. FDA catalysts affect large- as well as small-cap drug developers. At the same time, research suggests small caps will react more violently in terms of changes in market capitalization than large caps. Indeed, we have ample supporting evidence developed just in the first two weeks of December. Take, for instance, Achaogen Inc. (AKAO), now a $377 million company. Achaogen announced on December 12 that its Phase 3 trial of plazomicin, for patients with complicated urinary tract infections and acute pyelonephritis, “met the FDA objective of noninferiority compared with meropenem and achieved superiority for the European Medicines Agency (EMA) primary efficacy endpoints.” The stock closed at $5.25 on December 9, closed at $13.03 on December 12, traded as high as $16.20 on the day after the announcement, and is now priced at $14.00. That’s a gain of 166%. Vericel Corp. (VCEL), now valued at $140 million, received FDA approval for its Maci (autologous cultured chondrocytes on porcine collagen membrane) therapy “for the repair of symptomatic, full-thickness cartilage defects of the knee in adult patients” on December 13. The stock closed at $2.60 on December 13, opened at $4.00 on December 14, hit $4.55 that day, and closed at $4.10. It’s now trading at $3.50, up 34% in two days. Voyager Therapeutics Inc. (VYGR) surged as much as 33% on positive interim results for its Phase 1b trial of VY-AADC01 for advanced Parkinson’s disease, announced on December 7. On December 8, the stock gapped up at the open to $17.50 and traded as high as $18.25. This was a short-term bounce — illustrating the fleeting momentum such early clinical results provide — as the stock is now trading at $14.69. That’s still a 7% gain since the results were announced. Note that stocks often move days before announcements of key clinical trial results, possibly the result of insider knowledge of key clinical trial data. Corcept Therapeutics Inc. (CORT), which develops drugs for severe metabolic, psychiatric, and oncologic disorders, bounced from $6.92 on November 1 to $10.00 on November 14. But it didn’t announce efficacy data from its Phase 1/2 trial of its drug mifepristone in patients with metastatic or triple-negative breast cancer until December 10. The stock has settled back a bit, closing at $8.51 yesterday. An FDA determination of special status can also be a powerful catalyst. On September 19, 2016, the FDA “granted” Sarepta Therapeutics Inc. (SRPT) “accelerated approval” for its Exondys 51 injection therapy – the first drug approved to treat Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD). Exondys 51 enjoyed Fast Track Designation, Priority Review, and Orphan Drug Designation from the FDA. According to the FDA, “Exondys 51 is specifically indicated for patients who have a confirmed mutation of the dystrophin gene amenable to exon 51 skipping, which affects about 13% of the population with DMD.” In its press release announcing the approval, the FDA further explained: Exondys 51 was approved under the accelerated approval pathway, which provides for the approval of drugs that treat serious or life-threatening diseases and generally provide a meaningful advantage over existing treatments. Approval under this pathway can be based on adequate and well-controlled studies showing the drug has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit to patients (how a patient feels or functions or whether they survive). This pathway provides earlier patient access to promising new drugs while the company conducts clinical trials to verify the predicted clinical benefit. The approval was controversial, as many FDA insiders opposed it. Dr. Janet Woodcock, director of the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, recently explained to CNBC that this surprise approval is indicative of the agency’s “broader move toward patient-focused drug development.” Sarepta’s share price nearly doubled on September 19, opening at $28.81 and trading as high as $56.18 before closing at $48.94. FDA catalysts affect large- as well as small-cap drug developers. At the same time, research suggests small caps will react more violently in terms of changes in market capitalization than large caps. Stocks move on negative data, too. Cerecor Inc. (CERC) tanked on November 30 but didn’t release its top-line clinical results from its nicotine withdrawal Phase 2 clinical trial of CERC-501, an oral, potent, and selective kappa opioid receptor antagonist, until December 5. As Cerecor noted in its announcement: The trial did not meet its primary objective in nicotine withdrawal. CERC-501 was well tolerated. Based on this favorable side-effect profile, and as previously planned, Cerecor intends to move forward with development of CERC-501 in its primary indication, as an adjunctive treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). The stock opened at $5.12 on November 29 (against a 52-week high of $5.60) and closed at $4.72 that day. On November 30, it gapped lower at the open to $2.34, traded as low as $1.90, and closed at $2.08. By December 5, the day the data emerged, it was trading as low as $1.10. It closed at $1.16 yesterday. On December 12, Proteon Therapeutics Inc. (PRTO) closed at $9.90. At 8:30 a.m. ET on December 13, it released top-line Phase 3 data for its chronic kidney disease therapy, which “did not meet its primary endpoint of improved primary unassisted patency compared to placebo.” The stock opened that day at $2.90 and is now trading at $2.05. Ophthotech Corp. (OPHT) tanked after its own Phase 3 failure, as “no benefits were observed” from its Fovista treatment for “wet age-related macular degeneration.” It closed at $38.77 on December 9. It opened at $6.24 on December 12 and is now trading at $4.86. Old Things New Farnam Street has a nice list of literary classics that “influence and inspire,” including The Great Gatsby, The Remains of the Day, The Catcher in the Rye, A Wrinkle in Time, the Foundation trilogy, and The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy. That three novels from Neal Stephenson make it – “the sci-fi author… comes up multiple times in the reading lists of some incredibly successful individuals” – is a sure sign I need to incorporate his works on my “to read” list. As Shane Parrish notes: Fiction resonates with us because it shows us truths about the human condition through great storytelling and compelling narratives. Through an engaging story we can be introduced to big ideas that just don’t resonate the same way in nonfiction: The medium allows for freedom of thought through creativity. Smart Investing, David Dittman Editorial Director, Wall Street Daily Editorial Director David Dittman is an investment newsletter professional with more than 10 years' experience at staff, management, and strategic levels. Before joining Wall Street Daily he was Chief Investment Strategist for Utility Forecaster, Canadian Edge, and Australian Edge. David, who was present at the creation of several highly successful newsletters, founded and wrote the noted e-letter Maple Leaf Memo. Learn More >> Related Articles Purdue: Drug Company or Genocidal Maniac? Fatal Disasters: Hacking the Internet of Things Nanotechnology: How Miniscule Science Will Save Mankind Will Driverless Cars Kill Their Masters? Add Comment Cancel reply Name (required, will be published) Mail (required, will not be published) Website Click to cancel reply Innovation Will Driverless Cars Kill Their Masters? By David Dittman - Jan 9, 2017 The intersection of ride-sharing algorithms, self-driving cars, and artificial intelligence is a great metaphor for the food chain. There’s always a bigger fish. GeoMacro Trump’s Defense Picks Are Already at War… With Each Other By David Dittman - Jan 10, 2017 Donald Trump has picked Gen. James “Mad Dog” Mattis to lead the Department of Defense and Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn as his National Security Adviser. But the two men don’t like each other. Special Situations Purdue: Drug Company or Genocidal Maniac? By David Dittman - Jan 13, 2017 What do you do when a pharmaceutical company creates a drug that doesn’t do what it says, the FDA approves it… and then thousands of people die? SEARCH Search for: Search Powered by Ajaxy premium research True Alpha VentureCap Strategist Extreme Alpha company About Contributors Contact Us Whitelist Instructions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Syndicate Us FAQ learn more Free Reports Premium Research Income Growth Commodities Geomacro Money Trading Funds Saturday Spotlight contact us T. 1.800.708.1020 T. 410.454.0499 F. 410.864.1650 808 St Paul St. Baltimore, MD 21202 © 2017 Wall Street Daily, LLC. All rights reserved.
For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 73° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 73° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us Vaccines help prevent most forms of HPV Jan. 2, 2017 at 6:12 p.m. Updated Jan. 3, 2017 at 12:15 a.m. Shannon Geitsman By Shannon Geistman The Human Papillomavirus is the most common sexually transmitted infection in the United States. More than two-thirds of healthy American adults are infected. There are more than 120 different types of HPV. Most HPV infections are asymptomatic and result in no clinical disease. There are vaccines that will help prevent the most common and dangerous types of HPV. Symptoms of HPV infection are the results of what type of HPV a person is infected with and some of them are very dangerous. These include anal and genital warts, changes in the cervical cells, and cancers of the cervix, anus, vagina, vulvar, penis, mouth and throat. Infection with one type of HPV does not keep you from getting another type. Of people infected with HPV, 5 to 30 percent are infected with multiple types of the virus. Anal and genital HPV infection is believed to be the most common sexually transmitted infection in the U.S. About 79 million people are infected, and it is estimated that 14 million new HPV infections occurs annually with half of those in people between 15 and 24 years old. The most common types of HPV that lead to cervical cancer are types 16 and 18. These account for about 70 percent of cervical cancers. In addition to cervical cancer, HPV is believed to be responsible for 90 percent of anal cancers; 71 percent of vulvar, vaginal and penile cancers; and about 72 percent of mouth and throat cancers. According to data from the National Institutes of Health and The National Cancer Institute, Victoria County has a higher rate of cervical cancer than the national and state rate. Victoria County has a rate of 11.7 per 100,000. The state rate is 9.2 per 100,000 and the national rate is 7.2 per 100,000. Two HPV vaccines are licensed in the U.S. Merck's brand called Gardasil 4 was approved by the FDA in June 2006. This vaccine protects against four different types of HPV - types 6 and 11, which cause genital warts; and 16 and 18, which cause most of the cancers. This vaccine is approved for both females and males age 9 through 26 years. Gardasil is given as a three-dose series. The first and second doses are separated by two months and the third dose is given six months from the first dose. Another of Merck's brand is Gardasil 9, which was approved by the FDA in December 2014. This vaccine protects against types 6, 11, 16 and 18. It also protects against types 31, 33, 45, 52 and 58. With the additional types, we now have protection against 90 percent of cervical cancers. This vaccine is indicated for females 9 through 26 years of age. The American Committee on Immunization Practices also recommends routine vaccination in males 9 through 26 years of age. This vaccine is usually given in a three-dose series. The first and second doses are separated by two months, and the third dose is given six months from the first dose. The ideal time to start this vaccine is between the ages of 11 and 12 when other school required vaccines are given because the immune response is best, but anyone between 9 and 26 can get the vaccine. The ACIP just recently recommended a two-dose series of Gardasil 9 given to females and males 9 through 14 years of age separated by six to 12 months. Studies have shown that the vaccine is just as effective with the two-dose series compared to the three-dose series in this age group. With January being Cervical Cancer Awareness Month, there is no better time to protect you or your children against cancers that are now vaccine-preventable. HPV vaccines are given at the health department. For more information, call your physician or the Victoria County Public Health Department at 361-578-6281. Shannon Geistman is a registered nurse at the Victoria County Public Health Department. SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 71  America was in downward spiral; time for change 33  2nd teen dies after parking garage fall; school offers counseling 25  2nd teen dies after parking garage fall; school offers counseling 16  MD Anderson shows interest in Victoria 08  Goliad man charged with killing grandmother Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access The Heart of the Matter Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending PMEA 2016 results AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial Sanofi and Boehringer Ingelheim complete €21.8bn asset swap Exchange of animal health and consumer interests sharpens the firm's focus Sanofi and Boehringer Ingelheim have all but completed their mammoth asset swap, just over a year after they began negotiating the deal. Valued at a combined total of €21.8bn, the transaction saw Sanofi exchange its animal health business, Merial, for Boehringer's consumer healthcare business, CHC. Boehringer's animal health unit is now the second-largest in the business, only surpassed by Pfizer spin-out Zoetis. It will be led by Dr Joachim Hasenmaier, a member of Boehringer's board of managing directors, and based at a new operational centre in Lyon, France. Hubertus von Baumbach, chairman of Boehringer's board of managing directors, said: “This important achievement is the result of a mutually beneficial agreement implemented in the spirit of a shared vision. “Driven by the desire to serve the needs of our customer, and enabled by value of our innovative product portfolio, the combined strength of the two organisations will improve Boehringer Ingelheim's competitiveness in the animal health business segment that is so strategically important to our company.” Meanwhile, Sanofi's acquisition of CHC was approved by the European Commission in August last year, and the firm's executive vice president of consumer healthcare Alan Main will continue to oversee the expanded unit. The French group has previously said it believes the integration of the consumer healthcare business will make it the primary player in the sector, ahead of Bayer who bought Merck & Co's consumer health unit for $14.2bn in 2014. Olivier Brandicourt, chief executive of Sanofi, said: “With this successful closing of the business swap with Boehringer Ingelheim, Sanofi is building a strong and innovative CHC Global Business Unit. “The integration of Boehringer Ingelheim's highly skilled CHC team and its well established products, allows Sanofi to enhance our positions in core strategic categories in a promising CHC market. “Indeed this market serves the growing expectations of consumers to be more in control of their own health and wellness.” However, the deal isn't entirely finished. The firms are still waiting for regulatory approval for Boehringer's acquisition of Merial in Mexico and for the Merial-CHC swap in India, but anticipate closure in those markets early this year. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Rebecca Clifford 4th January 2017 From: Sales Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Sanofi and Merck & Co finalise vaccine alliance split J&J collaborates on consumer health device accelerator Deal Watch August 2016 Sanofi launches insulin combo Soliqua in US Executive changes at Sanofi Related Hub content About Creative Medical Research | CMR Company Overview PEGASUS WINS COMMUNIQUÉ 2015 ‘EXCELLENCE IN PATIENT/CONSUMER HEALTH PROGRAMMES’ AWARD FOR RARE DISEASE AWARENESS CAMPAIGN World’s Largest Pharmaceutical Summit Brings Latest Innovations To Light In New Award Ceremony It’s a digital hat trick for Pegasus as it scoops GOLD and two SILVERS at the PM Society Digital Awards 2016 PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Account Director – Med Comms – Oxford Salary TBC Global CEO, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Communications, East C... Substantial Package Scientific Lead - Med Comms Great salary and benefits Senior Medical Writer / Principal Medical Writer Great salary and benefits SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Senior Director – Medical Education - Global Agency Salary TBC Senior Account Manager or Account Director, Healthcare PR/ Commu... c£45 -55, 000 Project Director – Med Comms – Surrey Salary TBC Publications Manager – Med Comms Salary TBC Project Manager/Senior Project Manager Negotiable Communications Consultant, Medical Communications, London Excellent Package SEO/ SEM Specialist, Healthcare Advertising Agency £38, 000 - £50, 000 New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Communications, London Excellent Package Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Novartis launches heart failure social network Pharma 'getting away with murder', says Trump Novartis boosts cardiovascular pipeline with $1bn Ionis deal The future of biotech AstraZeneca appoints head of oncology Greece steps up Novartis corruption probe after suicide attempt Gilead's Hepatitis B therapy Vemlidy granted EU approval Merck pays Vertex $230m upfront for cancer programmes NICE U-turn on Novartis' Afinitor for kidney cancer Shire pays record $350m to settle US kickback allegations Newron Pharma appoints commercial affairs VP Merck's Keytruda muscles further ahead of rivals in lung cancer PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Hamell Hamell is a full service behaviour change agency with a focus on delivering sustained change through a deep understanding of... Latest intelligence Challenging times It’s not an easy time for pharma, but there are opportunities for those companies that are willing to be true game changers... The modern doctor is a digital nomad How social networks have become the primary individual communication platforms for healthcare professionals... The 2017 trends issue of Perspective magazine is live In the 2017 trends edition of Perspective magazine, we explore how advances in technology are influencing the future of the expert-patient relationship and the role healthcare businesses can take in... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated 1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release NOXXON Pharma Licenses and Assigns Preclinical Spiegelmer Programs to Aptarion By Published: Jan 4, 2017 12:02 p.m. ET Share NOXXON Continues Transition to Clinical Oncology Company BERLIN, Jan 04, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Regulatory News: NOXXON Pharma N.V. (alternext paris:ALNOX), a biotechnology company whose core focus is on cancer treatment, has today announced an agreement with Aptarion biotech AG to license enabling technology, assign certain preclinical and technology research programs and transfer lab assets in exchange for cash, royalties and an equity stake in Aptarion. NOXXON has maintained exclusive rights to Spiegelmers binding to the targets of its clinical-stage programs. Otherwise, the agreement allows both companies to use the Spiegelmer [®] technology, and a cross-licensing provision provides for continued access to new enabling inventions to be used by both companies. “This agreement is another step on the transition of NOXXON to a clinical-stage oncology company. With our focus on clinical development of our programs in oncology, we made the decision to spin-out the other assets and this agreement with Aptarion is, we believe, the best opportunity to see them successfully developed,” commented Aram Mangasarian, CEO of NOXXON. About NOXXON NOXXON Pharma N.V. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on cancer treatment. NOXXON’s goal is to significantly enhance the effectiveness of cancer treatments including immuno-oncology approaches (such as immune checkpoint inhibitors) and current standards of care (such as chemotherapy and radiotherapy). NOXXON’s Spiegelmer [®] platform has generated a proprietary pipeline of clinical-stage product candidates including its lead cancer drug candidate NOX-A12, which is the subject of a clinical immuno-oncology collaboration agreement with Merck & Co. / MSD MRK, +0.21% to study NOX-A12 combined with Keytruda [®] (pembrolizumab) in pancreatic and colorectal cancer. NOXXON is supported by a strong group of leading international investors, including TVM Capital, Sofinnova Partners, Edmond de Rothschild Investment Partners, DEWB, NGN and Seventure. NOXXON has its statutory seat in Amsterdam, The Netherlands and its office in Berlin, Germany. Further information can be found at: www.noxxon.com View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170104006109/en/ SOURCE: NOXXON Pharma N.V. NOXXON Pharma N.V. Aram Mangasarian, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer Tel. +49 (0) 30 726 2470 amangasarian@noxxon.com or NewCap Florent Alba Tel. +33 (0) 1 44 71 98 55 falba@newcap.fr Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References MRK +0.13 +0.21% Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $62.34 +0.13 (+0.21%) Volume 9.6M Open $62.33 High $62.68 Low $62.10 P/E Ratio 31.81 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 171.9B LatestNews
NOXXON Pharma Licenses and Assigns Preclinical Spiegelmer Programs to Aptarion NOXXON Continues Transition to Clinical Oncology Company January 04, 2017 12:00 PM Eastern Standard Time BERLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: NOXXON Pharma N.V. (Alternext Paris:ALNOX), a biotechnology company whose core focus is on cancer treatment, has today announced an agreement with Aptarion biotech AG to license enabling technology, assign certain preclinical and technology research programs and transfer lab assets in exchange for cash, royalties and an equity stake in Aptarion. NOXXON has maintained exclusive rights to Spiegelmers binding to the targets of its clinical-stage programs. Otherwise, the agreement allows both companies to use the Spiegelmer® technology, and a cross-licensing provision provides for continued access to new enabling inventions to be used by both companies. “This agreement is another step on the transition of NOXXON to a clinical-stage oncology company. With our focus on clinical development of our programs in oncology, we made the decision to spin-out the other assets and this agreement with Aptarion is, we believe, the best opportunity to see them successfully developed,” commented Aram Mangasarian, CEO of NOXXON. About NOXXON NOXXON Pharma N.V. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on cancer treatment. NOXXON’s goal is to significantly enhance the effectiveness of cancer treatments including immuno-oncology approaches (such as immune checkpoint inhibitors) and current standards of care (such as chemotherapy and radiotherapy). NOXXON’s Spiegelmer® platform has generated a proprietary pipeline of clinical-stage product candidates including its lead cancer drug candidate NOX-A12, which is the subject of a clinical immuno-oncology collaboration agreement with Merck & Co. / MSD (NYSE: MRK) to study NOX-A12 combined with Keytruda® (pembrolizumab) in pancreatic and colorectal cancer. NOXXON is supported by a strong group of leading international investors, including TVM Capital, Sofinnova Partners, Edmond de Rothschild Investment Partners, DEWB, NGN and Seventure. NOXXON has its statutory seat in Amsterdam, The Netherlands and its office in Berlin, Germany. Further information can be found at: www.noxxon.com Contacts NOXXON Pharma N.V. Aram Mangasarian, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer Tel. +49 (0) 30 726 2470 amangasarian@noxxon.com or NewCap Florent Alba Tel. +33 (0) 1 44 71 98 55 falba@newcap.fr Contacts NOXXON Pharma N.V. Aram Mangasarian, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer Tel. +49 (0) 30 726 2470 amangasarian@noxxon.com or NewCap Florent Alba Tel. +33 (0) 1 44 71 98 55 falba@newcap.fr Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home Topics Disparities Policy Global Health Policy Health Costs Health Reform HIV/AIDS Medicaid Medicare Private Insurance Uninsured Women’s Health Policy Polling Perspectives State Health Facts Graphics & Interactives Charts & Slides Kaiser Health News Media Campaigns Newsroom Newsroom News Releases Events Subscribe to Emails Cite Us/Reprint Media Contacts About Us About Us Our Programs Key Staff Media Fellowships Barbara Jordan Conference Center Contact Us Employment Opportunities Filling the need for trusted information on national health issues… Filling the need for trusted information on national health issues… ACA Repeal Reproductive Health Medicaid’s Future menu KFF.org Twitter Facebook Email Home Global Health Policy Kaiser Daily Global Health Policy Report January 4, 2017 Coalition For Epidemic Preparedness Innovations Aims To Develop Disease Prevention, Vaccine Technologies To Quickly Respond To Outbreaks Jan 04, 2017 CNBC: Prepping vaccines is only one way to prepare for the next epidemic “…[T]hough responses [to disease outbreaks] have accelerated, public health defenses don’t galvanize until after the threat has emerged. To get ahead of the next epidemic, a new group has been formed, called CEPI, which stands for Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations. Its founding partners are the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the government of India, the Wellcome Trust, and the World Economic Forum. And its collaborators include vaccine manufacturers GlaxoSmithKline and Merck. … The coalition has two main goals: get work started on known potential threats, and develop new vaccine technologies that can be deployed faster if a previously unidentified threat emerges…” (Tirrell, 12/22). Tags Disease Outbreaks Treatment and Prevention Strategies Vaccines Gates Foundation Private Sector Involvement Search News Summaries For: Recent Reports January 12, 2017 January 11, 2017 January 10, 2017 January 9, 2017 January 6, 2017 Related Summaries World Needs Strengthened Public Health Infrastructure, International Coordinating Agency, Vaccines To Defend Against Future Disease Outbreaks Bill Gates Reflects On Global Health Progress Made In 2014 Gates Foundation Pledges $5.7M Toward Ebola Treatment Trials Topics Disparities Policy Global Health Policy Health Costs Health Reform HIV/AIDS Medicaid Medicare Private Insurance Uninsured Women’s Health Policy Polling Perspectives State Health Facts Graphics & Interactives Charts & Slides Kaiser Health News Media Campaigns Newsroom News Releases Events Subscribe to Emails Cite Us/Reprint Media Contacts About Us Our Programs Key Staff Media Fellowships Barbara Jordan Conference Center Contact Us Employment Opportunities © 2017 Kaiser Family Foundation Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Follow Us Facebook Twitter Feeds Get the Latest on Health Policy Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign Up The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation Headquarters: 2400 Sand Hill Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025 | Phone 650-854-9400 Washington Offices and Barbara Jordan Conference Center: 1330 G Street, NW, Washington, DC 20005 | Phone 202-347-5270 www.kff.org | Email Alerts: kff.org/email | facebook.com/KaiserFamilyFoundation | twitter.com/KaiserFamFound Filling the need for trusted information on national health issues, the Kaiser Family Foundation is a nonprofit organization based in Menlo Park, California.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Pionyr Immunotherapeutics Closes Financing with Focus on Developing Antibody-based Immuno-oncology Therapeutics Tuning the tumor microenvironment to enhance anti-tumor immune activity is viewed as the next generation of immuno-oncology News provided by Pionyr Immunotherapeutics Inc. Jan 04, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Pionyr Immunotherapeutics Inc. (formerly Precision Immune Inc.), a company harnessing the body's antitumor immunity by fine-tuning the tumor microenvironment, announced the closing of an $8 million Series A-1 investment round. The latest investment was led by OrbiMed and SV Life Sciences, and also included Osage University Partners, Mission Bay Ventures and the company's private angel investors. Pionyr's Myeloid Tuning™ technology is based on the discovery that altering the tumor microenvironment to favor immune-activating cells over immune-suppressing cells enhances the body's ability to combat cancer, particularly in combination with checkpoint inhibitors.   "Our technology represents the third generation of immuno-oncology, after checkpoint inhibitors and CAR-T therapies," said Co-founder Max Krummel, Ph.D., a professor at University of California, San Francisco School of Medicine, and a member of Pionyr's board of directors. "We believe our approach will usher in a new wave of therapeutics with novel mechanisms of action against new targets in the tumor microenvironment, with the potential to improve treatment for many types of cancer." Dr. Krummel, who has been making significant strides in immuno-oncology since the mid-1990s, founded Pionyr in 2015 with Sachdev Sidhu, Ph.D., formerly of Genentech and currently head of protein engineering and antibody discovery at the University of Toronto. Notably, Dr. Krummel is the co-inventor of Yervoy, the first checkpoint inhibitor, which was approved in 2011 to treat melanoma; Dr. Sidhu is a key player in early antibody phage-display technology platforms. "Max and Dev have developed a powerful platform for fine-tuning the tumor microenvironment to enhance the immune system's response against cancer," said Steven James, Pionyr's executive chairman and interim CEO. "We are building on these capabilities to develop antibody-based therapeutics with novel antigen targets and mechanisms of action. We expect to choose development candidates and drive them to IND in the near future." Pionyr Immunotherapeutics is led by industry veterans with deep management and immuno-oncology expertise. Mr. James, former CEO of Labrys Biologics (acquired by TEVA) and KAI Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Amgen), is joined on the leadership team by Michel Streuli, Ph.D., senior vice president of research, who previously led immuno-oncology efforts at Gilead, Merck (as early development chair for Keytruda), Schering-Plough and Organon. On the board of directors, in addition to Mr. James and Dr. Krummel, are Michael Ross, Ph.D., and Joshua Resnick, M.D., both partners at SV Life Sciences; and Leon Chen, Ph.D., venture partner at OrbiMed. The Series A-1 financing brings the total raised since inception to nearly $10 million. The Series A and A-1 rounds included participation from a number of individual investors including Mr. James, John Freund, Yasunori Kaneko, Bill Rieflin, Stephen Hoffman and others. About Pionyr Immunotherapeutics Pionyr (formerly Precision Immune Inc.) is developing cancer immunotherapies that target the tumor microenvironment to enhance the body's antitumor immunity. The company is exploiting novel target discovery and antibody generation platform technologies to create the third generation of immuno-oncology therapeutics after checkpoint inhibitors and CAR-T. The company's approach, Myeloid Tuning™, is designed to enhance the immune system's anti-tumor response by altering the cellular infiltrate of the tumor microenvironment with high specificity. For further information, please contact admin@pionyrtx.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pionyr-immunotherapeutics-closes-financing-with-focus-on-developing-antibody-based-immuno-oncology-therapeutics-300385104.html SOURCE Pionyr Immunotherapeutics Inc. My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Pionyr Immunotherapeutics Closes Financing with Focus on Developing Antibody-based Immuno-oncology Therapeutics News provided by Pionyr Immunotherapeutics Inc. Jan 04, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
null
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Albany business owner recalls son who died in DWI crash For Capital Region residents, looming ACA action stokes fear Cuomo: 2020 rumors are ‘flattering, even if not true’ Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights legend News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Crowds brave cold and rain for MLK march Military's shift from oil may face challenge Anti-immigrant rhetoric decried Trump, activist John Lewis spar Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Patriots have plenty to clean up on offense Ex-pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Suns surprise Spurs in Mexico City Lewis stars for Pats Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Bring resumes out to the fair Takata takes guilty plea, will pay $1B Number Of The Day GOP leaders vague on replacement bill Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Arts briefs 2 members of R&B band Tower of Power hit by train, injured People in the news: Three charged in Paris heist Good things to do for the week ahead Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Today's Birthdays High & Low Sipping: Wine pick of the week Today's Birthdays Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives The Message of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Continues NYC: 17 Ways to Celebrate the 2017 Lunar New Year Mayor and business officials tout new and improved Sch’dy The best pop-up ad I’ve ever seen TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Siena basketball focused on Fairfield guards Some Capital Region municipal websites still fail to post Capital Region Trump backers bound for D.C. inaugural Churchill: Got soy or almond milk? This column is for you Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Historic in Saratoga Springs Duo to share unusual story of Albany building's move Jennifer Lopez's Hidden Hills home for sale High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Birthday freebies: 80-plus things you can get for free on your Disney World on a budget: Tips and tricks to help you save Couponing 101: Tips to help you get started on the path to saving Save on skiing/snowboarding with these tips and discount lift MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Health-care-stocks-indexes-rise-10833588.php Health care stocks, indexes rise Energy, tech firms, banks biggest gainers Associated Press Published 10:06 pm, Tuesday, January 3, 2017 New York U.S. stocks broke a three-day losing streak Tuesday and ushered in the new year with broad gains. Health care stocks, which struggled for most of last year, climbed. Stocks started the day with a surge as the Dow Jones industrial average rose 175 points in the first hour of trading. Bond yields jumped, which took bank stocks higher. The price of oil also rose early on, but it began slipping after 10 a.m. Investors started buying again late in the day, however, and major indexes closed with a flourish. Energy companies, banks and technology companies made some of the largest gains. Lower-risk investments like utility companies lagged. That's a sign investors expect stronger economic growth. "Corporate earnings are telling us that it's a bull market," said Karyn Cavanaugh of Voya Investment Strategies. Cavanaugh said earnings and revenues look "very good" for 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 119.16 points, or 0.6 percent, to 19,881.76. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 19 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,257.83. The Nasdaq composite gained 45.97 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,429.08. Drug companies helped take health care stocks higher. Merck rose $1.28, or 2.2 percent, to $60.15. Biotech giant Amgen picked up $4.52, or 3.1 percent, to $150.73 and prescription drug distributor McKesson gained $6.98, or 5 percent, to $147.43. Investors have been avoiding drug company stocks because they're worried the government will intervene to reduce prices. But Cavanaugh said the stocks are appealing because they've been reporting better growth than most other industries. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Air Hogs Star Wars RC Advanced TIE Fighter for $33 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 1 day 9 hr ago SHOP NOW Etcbuys Unisex Multi-Purpose Winter Mask for $7 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 1 day 9 hr ago SHOP NOW Corelle Livingware 16-Piece Dinnerware Set for $29 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 1 day 9 hr ago SHOP NOW adidas Men's Pure Game 4-Piece Bath Gift Set for $7 + pickup... WalmartPosted 9 hr 39 min ago Most Popular 1 Albany business owner recalls son who died in DWI crash 2 Police: Alcohol a factor in fatal Albany crash 3 Fired doctor says St. Peter's sabotaged her practice to steal... 4 Firefighters snuff Route 9 blaze 5 Rotterdam man faces multiple drug charges 6 SEEN: Wine & Dine for the Arts Grand Gala Reception 7 Toll Gate in Slingerlands closed as owner recovers from major... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Holiday Closures: Martin Luther King Jr. Day Fire rips through Fourth Plain strip mall Vancouver Public Schools says timing right for bond measure Weather Eye: Expect some mess when nature cleans away all this snow Finding care can be a pain in Clark County Community Foundation taking scholarship applications Public meetings for the week of Jan. 15 One hurt, one arrested in stabbing at Vancouver Mall Ilani hiring event draws about 1,600 people Grand National pigeon show comes to Clark County Wildlife officials: Feeding birds is fine but not necessary Go ahead, feed the birds. Just realize that you’ll probably get more out of it than they will. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance Girls basketball: Union 51, Heritage 31 Boys basketball: Union 71, Heritage 27 Gonzaga stays perfect with rout of St. Mary’s Lewis’ 3 TDs spark Patriots to win Girls basketball: Seton Catholic 54, Castle Rock 33 High school scoreboard 1/15 Clark shakes off snow for sweep of SWOC Late run costs Huskies at Stanford, 76-69 Seahawks season ends with playoff loss to Falcons Seahawks season ends with playoff loss to Falcons Matt Ryan threw for 338 yards and three touchdowns, leading the Falcons to a 36-20 victory over the Seattle Seahawks… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories The cost of dining out Weight when to go to work if feeling ill Failed home sales see bump Human connections can give job seekers a leg up beyond LinkedIn Immigration talk spurring farmers Apple seeking original shows for music service A trial for DirecTV Now is free, but it’s a hard sell for some Berko: Broker hit the bullseye on these 3 strong companies Home video sales shrank again in 2016 as viewers opt for streaming A Siri for your finances? Digit says, ‘Trust me’ The cost of dining out Sorry, diners: Although restaurants got pushback for raising menu prices in 2016, they aren’t expected to cave in and lower… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories ‘Duplicity’ delivers packed plot Affleck on roller coaster again ‘Her Every Fear’ a compulsive thriller ‘Patriots Day’ stars focus on the details Chazelle, Jenkins get another award nod Report: Moon may have formed from many small ones World’s most fashionable women feted ‘The Young Pope’ gets politics Sleeper Sac a Snuggie for the kids Works of influential political cartoonist Herblock on display in county Check It Out: Suggestions for Year of the Rooster Cock-a-doodle-doo! In case you hadn’t heard, 2017 is the Year of the Rooster according to Chinese astrology. If you felt… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In our View: Farewell, Obama Jayne: Jim Moeller contentedly ponders his political future Estrich: Obamacare may not look so bad Will: Exposing the attack on cold, hard reality Blame game changer Local View: Pointed questions for Trump’s education secretary pick Letter: Keep homeless in mind Letter: An amoral society Letter: Trump saves jobs Letter: Adjust Electoral College Editorial Cartoons: Jan. 15-21 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Annual holiday party for students delayed by snow finally gets its day Everybody has a story: Vets’ friendship stays afloat with cross-country game Volunteer Opportunities Free Clinic raises $185,000 at fundraiser Rocksolid Community Teen Center earns grant in honor of retired teacher Knights, society team up to buy Coats for Kids School’s first Blanket Drive collects 54 blankets Friends of the Carpenter day center receives largest in-kind donation in its history Innovative Services receives grant for assessment kits Happy Hoppers dancers help sort Walk & Knock donations Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Markets ring in new year with gains Banks, energy and tech companies rose By Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 4:58 PM A   A NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks broke a three-day losing streak Tuesday and ushered in the new year with broad gains. Health care stocks, which struggled for most of last year, climbed. Stocks started the day with a surge as the Dow Jones industrial average rose 175 points in the first hour of trading. Bond yields jumped, which took bank stocks higher. The price of oil also rose early on, but it began slipping after 10 a.m. Investors started buying again late in the day, however, and major indexes closed with a flourish. Energy companies, banks and technology companies made some of the largest gains and lower-risk investments like utility companies lagged the rest of the market. That’s a sign investors expect stronger economic growth that will help those companies do more business. “Corporate earnings are telling us that it’s a bull market,” said Karyn Cavanaugh of Voya Investment Strategies. Cavanaugh said earnings and revenues look “very good” for 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 119.16 points, or 0.6 percent, to 19,881.76. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 19 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,257.83. The Nasdaq composite gained 45.97 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,429.08. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks small-company stocks, added 8.36 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,365.49. The Russell rose almost 20 percent last year and did far better than indexes focused on larger companies. Drug companies helped take health care stocks higher. Merck rose $1.28, or 2.2 percent, to $60.15. Biotech giant Amgen picked up $4.52, or 3.1 percent, to $150.73 and prescription drug distributor McKesson gained $6.98, or 5 percent, to $147.43. The S&P 500’s health care index fell 4 percent last year. The S&P 500 itself rose 9.5 percent for the year and all of its other industrial sectors rose at least a small amount. Investors have been avoiding drug company stocks because they’re worried the government will intervene to reduce prices. But Cavanaugh said the stocks are appealing because they’ve been reporting better growth than most other industries. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Human Reproductive Technologies Market: New Tech Developments and Advancements to Watch out for 2019 Human Reproductive Technologies Market: New Tech Developments and Advancements to Watch out for 2019 Posted on January 3, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Transparency Market Research Report Added “Human Reproductive Technologies Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Procedures, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2013 – 2019” to its database. Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 01/03/2017 — Human reproductive technologies include procedures and therapies for conceiving or controlling pregnancy by means of artificial and/or semi artificial medical solutions. Reproductive technologies are used to treat infertility problems in males as well as in females. Since the last decade, a remarkable prevalence of infertility has been observed worldwide and its morbidity rate is rapidly growing. Changes in lifestyle such as delay in bearing the first child, use of contraceptive pills, increased alcohol consumption and smoking are some of the factors leading to increase in the infertility rate globally, due to which the human reproductive technologies market is experiencing rise in demand. The World Health Organization (WHO) reported that in 2010, approximately 1.9% of women aged between 20 years and 44 years were unable to have their first child and 10.5% of women who had already conceived were unable to conceive for the subsequent times. Thus, high global infertility rates will continue to provide newer growth opportunities to this market. Some other factors contributing to the growth of the human reproductive technologies market include increasing morbidity rate of infertility in both males and females, rise in awareness about the available technologies for treating problems related to reproduction, rising prevalence of unwanted pregnancies, and overall advancement in the available technologies to control reproduction. For Any Queries Get Solutions With A PDF Sample: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1876 Human reproductive technologies are mainly categorized on the basis of infertility treatments and contraceptive technologies. The infertility drugs market is analyzed based on the big seven brands (by sales) such as, Gonal-f, Follistim AQ, AndroGel, Testim, Viagra, Cialis and Levitra/Staxyn. Viagra, Gonal-f and AndroGel are the major drugs in their respective drug classes, which are preferred majorly for treating different causes of infertility. Further, the human reproductive technologies market is analyzed by various infertility treatment procedures which is led by the intrauterine insemination (IUI) procedure owing to low procedural cost and less complexity in performing the procedure. Contraceptive technologies market is segmented into contraceptive drugs such as oral contraceptive pills, contraceptive injectables and topical contraceptives; and devices such as male and female contraceptive devices. Within the contraceptives market, the market share of male contraceptives was the largest due to factors such as ease of use, lack of side effects and higher availability. The market will be driven by factors such as increase in conception rate, rising prevalence of unwanted pregnancies and sexually transmitted diseases (STDs). The global human reproductive technologies market is highly fragmented in nature with many companies currently competing in the market. Well established market players such as Merck & Co., Inc., Ferring International Center S.A., Pfizer, Inc. Merck Serono and Bayer AG dominate this market with their proprietary products and predatory growth strategies. Patent repositories of the established market players are restraining the entry and growth of new players entering the market. View exclusive Global strategic Business report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/human-reproductive-technologies-market.html Geographically, North America dominates the global human reproductive technologies market and is followed by Europe. Important factors that have led to rise in infertility incidence in North America include high obesity rates, rising age of conception and hazards emerging from shift in lifestyle. Women become less fertile at around 30 years of age and this rate speeds up after 35 years of age. Asia-Pacific is expected to show the highest growth rate in the human reproductive technologies market owing to factors such as highest population in the world, increasing awareness about reproductive technologies and increasing disposable income of the population in this region. One of the major issues restraining the market in emerging economies is the lack of initiatives to consult a specialist for reproductive disorders. However, rapid adoption of western lifestyle and rising incidence of hypertension is affecting the ability to conceive and thus, driving the demand for infertility drugs and devices in this region. About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/human-reproductive/release-756369.htm Media Relations Contact Rohit Bhisey Head Telephone: 518-618-1030 Email: Click to Email Rohit Bhisey Web: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ Latest News Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price Go Live UK Announces the Successful Launch of the Redesigned Property Rescue Website © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 32° News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics Election Guide Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Stocks Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Living Good News Momaha Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Omaha 32° Omaha, NE (68102) Today Periods of freezing rain. Tonight Cloudy with freezing rain expected...becoming light. Significant icing possible. Low 29F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of precip 90%. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 7:01 pm Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Close THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Conduent CEO Ashok Vemuri, center, rings a ceremonial bell as his company’s spinoff from Xerox begins trading on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday. Indexes ring in new year with gains Jan 3, 2017 (…) THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Conduent CEO Ashok Vemuri, center, rings a ceremonial bell as his company’s spinoff from Xerox begins trading on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday. NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks broke a three-day losing streak Tuesday and ushered in the new year with broad gains. Health care stocks, which struggled for most of last year, climbed. Stocks started the day with a surge as the Dow Jones industrial average rose 175 points in the first hour of trading. Bond yields jumped, which took bank stocks higher. The price of oil also rose early on, but it began slipping after 10 a.m. Investors started buying again late in the day, however, and major indexes closed with a flourish. Energy companies, banks and technology companies made some of the largest gains and lower-risk investments like utility companies lagged the rest of the market. That’s a sign investors expect stronger economic growth that will help those companies do more business. “Corporate earnings are telling us that it’s a bull market,” said Karyn Cavanaugh of Voya Investment Strategies. Cavanaugh said earnings and revenues look “very good” for 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 119.16 points, or 0.6 percent, to 19,881.76. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 19 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,257.83. The Nasdaq composite gained 45.97 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,429.08. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks small-company stocks, added 8.36 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,365.49. The Russell rose almost 20 percent last year. Drug companies helped take health care stocks higher. Merck rose $1.28, or 2.2 percent, to $60.15. Biotech giant Amgen picked up $4.52, or 3.1 percent, to $150.73 and prescription drug distributor McKesson gained $6.98, or 5 percent, to $147.43. The S&P 500’s health care index fell 4 percent last year. The S&P 500 itself rose 9.5 percent for the year and all of its other industrial sectors rose at least a small amount. Investors have been avoiding drug company stocks because they’re worried the government will intervene to reduce prices. But Cavanaugh said the stocks are appealing because they’ve been reporting better growth than most other industries. Xerox surged $1.14, or 19.8 percent, to $6.89 after it split itself in two, a move the company announced almost a year ago. The original Xerox kept its printer and copier business. The second company will focus on business process outsourcing, providing payment processing and other services. Xerox will receive $1.8 billion in cash. The new company, Conduent, now trades under the ticker symbol “CNDT.” That stock lost $1.18, or 7.9 percent, to $13.72. Oil prices jumped in early trading but finished lower. U.S. crude gave up $1.39, or 2.6 percent, to $52.33 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, skidded $1.35, or 2.4 percent, to $55.47 a barrel in London. Despite that slump, energy companies traded higher. But natural gas companies dropped as natural gas futures fell 40 cents, or 10.7 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. Tags Stock Commerce Economics Stock Exchange Industry S&p 500 Company Finance Dow Jones Industrial Average Drug Company Index Russell 2000 Featured Businesses Sullivan's Steakhouse 222 S 15th St , Omaha, NE 68102 402-342-0077 Currently Open The Daily Nonpareil 535 W Bdwy, Ste 300, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 712-328-1811 Cake Creations 1119 S 119th St, Omaha, NE 68144 402-505-1830 Baxter Ford West Dodge 18505 California St, Elkhorn, NE 68022 402-934-5656 Vehicles UNO Athletics | University of Nebraska Omaha 6001 Dodge Street, Omaha, NE 68182 402-554-4142 Rhylan Lang Bridal Salon 120 Regency Parkway, Omaha, NE 68114 402-933-3510 World-Herald 150 Stocks In case you missed it $2 million project will turn long-vacant building in north downtown Omaha into office space HBO film 'Becoming Warren Buffett' tells his story like never before Residents put up a fight, but Fremont OKs incentives for $275 million Costco plant Fresh Thyme will add two more stores in Omaha next month Review: AirPods as irritating as they are impressive Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Warren Watch: HBO documentary shows Warren Buffett imparting wisdom to Omaha high schoolers Warren Buffett will appear as an adviser on episode of 'Celebrity Apprentice' HBO film 'Becoming Warren Buffett' tells his story like never before Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion Obits ePaper Full site index Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team
Search this site: Front Page Calendar Political Restaurant of the Week Dining Reviews Book Review Seniors Editorials Star Journal Features Sports Videos Contact Us Advertising Classifieds Classified Order Subscription Advertise Queens Shopping Page Services Advertisers Index Find A Doctor Neighborhoods Links Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Contact Us Email Us Subscribe 25th Anniversary Issue 30th Anniversary Edition Mobile Tablet View Normal Site Queens Gazette Internet In Bloom For The Layperson Text: T T By Ted J. Bloom, MLS., MSEd., CPL., CKMI. Ted Bloom, MLS., MSEd., CPL.,CKMI.,Fake news.  It is the latest media buzzword or term.  Transparent is another beauty.  May I recommend www.thefreedictionary.com as it has multiple dictionaries, such as: medical, legal and financial ones?  It also contains an encyclopedia and many foreign language translations.  Consider fake news: the first newspaper was published in Rome by orders of Julius Caesar in 59 B.C.  My point here, is fake news is far from being new.  News is supposed to be new.  News and newspapers have been making corrections for their published mistakes for ages, literally.  Fake news has been around so long that dictionaries have several names for it, such as: propaganda, blowback, misinformation, disinformation, gossip, dirty laundry, bum steers... However, there are a few websites one may wish to consult when trying to decipher any news.  Visit www.factcheck.org for a nonpartisan, nonprofit “consumer advocate” for voters that aims to reduce the level of deception and confusion in politics courtesy of the Annenberg Public Policy Center of the University of Pennsylvania.  Go to www.snopes.com for urban legends, folklore, myths, rumors, and misinformation.  They even accept reader rumors to debunk and publish.  I was informed in library school that mainstream media will publish whatever the government wants it to.  One creative alternative to mainstream news is a group of outstanding independent journalists, whose ringleader in the accomplished global pharmaceutical buster "America's Lawyer" Mike Papantonio along with his side-kick, ecology expert, Attorney Robert Kennedy, Jr., with such renowned writers as historian Thom Hartmann and Trial Lawyer Magazine Editor, Farron Cousins.  They may be found with comedian-journalist Sam Seder on www.ringofireradio.com or www.trof.com.  It is a great website for coverage of uncommon events the mainstream overlooks, such as the Dakota Pipeline scandal and protests, or pharmaceutical scams with major players such as Bayer, Merck, Pfizer or Johnson & Johnson. Moreover, another way to combat the onslaught of fake news lately, is to use common sense and question everything, such as: Is the source listed at all?  If so, is the source an accomplished professional with universal credentials such as education related degrees, awards or publications in their field?  Is proper spelling and grammar used?  Is the data located on a reputable source, known for its reporting accuracy or is found where anyone of any age or experience may post information, such as an online wiki like www.wikipedia.com?  Question more. Ted Bloom, MLS., MSEd., CPL.,CKMI., NP has been a published columnist in New York since 1999. A librarian and professor with two graduate degrees, some of his credentials include, creating and running a career preparation computer lab for at-risk youth through the U.S. Department of Labor, as well as being a NYS Notary Public, SUNY Communications Instructor, a YMCA Director and a Certified Krav Maga Instructor.  His first book The Librarian's Guide to Employment in the Information Age is now available on Amazon.com.             2017-01-04 / Front Page It’s In Queens! (Jan. 5 to Jan. 11) Back to index Winter’s Blustery Chill Is Just Around The Corner Return to top Loading ... Share close Email Facebook Twitter Google+
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 January 20174 January 2017 by Attorney Cortney Shegerian Comments On Discrimination Allegations Against Bayer LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Cortney Shegerian of the Los Angeles-based employment discrimination firm Shegerian & Associates recently issued a statement regarding the discrimination allegations made against Bayer by the company’s former Vice President, Irene Laurora. Ms. Laurora claims she was fired after arguing her pregnant co-worker should not be taken off of a project just because she wanted to take maternity leave. “Pregnant women should never fear that they are missing out on a job opportunity by taking the maternity leave they are legally owed,” Shegerian says. “And no employee should feel they will be harshly and unfairly penalized for voicing their concerns over unethical and illegal discrimination.” “If these allegations are true, Ms. Laurora has demonstrated incredible bravery in the face of adversity, not once, but twice,” Shegerian continues. “She had the courage to defend her pregnant co-worker in front of her superiors, and then to defend all employees’ rights by taking legal action against Bayer.” “Unfortunately, these allegations are very similar to the gender discrimination claims made against another pharmaceutical giant, Merck, earlier this year,” Shegerian states. “These cases show it is possible for victims to seek justice against their employers, regardless of the company’s size or perceived power within the industry.” Located in Santa Monica, Shegerian & Associates is a law firm specializing in protecting the rights of employees who have been wronged by their employers. Richly experienced in labor and employment law and possessing an unparalleled success record as litigators, Shegerian & Associates is passionately dedicated to serving the needs of its clients. For more information about the firm, visit www.ShegerianLaw.com. Located in Los Angeles County, Shegerian & Associates is a law firm specializing in employment law and personal injury litigation. Shegerian & Associates is dedicated to serving the needs of its clients, and has won over 73 jury trials, including over 31 seven and eight figure verdicts. For more information, visit www.ShegerianLaw.com or www.GotFired.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/attorney-cortney-shegerian-comments-on-discrimination-allegations-against-bayer-300384924.html SOURCE Shegerian & Associates, Inc. Tagscompany, defend, front, injury, leave Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Home Medical Equipment Technologies Market Analysis & Trends – Industry Forecast to 2025 Next PostNext Arsenal Consulting's President Invited to Speak at the Prestigious Kaspersky Security Analyst Summit Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability 16 January 2017 MYANMAR MINING: MiTA Myanmar Mining Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 The Quiet Room Label is Working on the Development of the First Global Quiet Hotel Room App 16 January 2017 Statement by Peabody Energy 16 January 2017 Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report 16 January 2017 Hawaiian Telcom Announces SEA-US Cable Has Secured FCC License 16 January 2017 Solution Tree Acquires Hawker Brownlow Professional Learning Solutions 16 January 2017 China Rapid Finance Adds to Awards Haul with Hurun Honor 16 January 2017 Direct Debi recognised by Institute of Certified Bookkeepers 16 January 2017 MYANMAR OIL AND GAS: MiTA Myanmar Oil & Gas Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: January 16, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Football Rugby Union Tennis AFL NRL Golf Cycling Motorsport Turf & Thoroughbreds The Times Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe Member rewards Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 19201.40 -0.45%   Hang Seng ▲ 22937.38 0.47%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.397%   Crude Oil ▲ 52.44 0.13%   Yen ▲ 114.33 -0.15%   DJIA ▲ 19885.73 -0.03%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In ‘Real Rates’ Show Real Concerns Over Trump Economic Rebound Big Banks’ Results Show Strength Despite Plunging Peso, Wildcatters Try Making Money on Oil in Mexico Heard on the Street Wells Fargo Is the Loser in the New Era for Banking Tax Report Where Taxpayers Won Against the IRS How to Trade a Donald Trump Tweet Lawyers in Billy Walters Case Seek Dismissal Moody’s Agrees to Settle Financial Crisis-Era Claims for $864 Million EU, U.S. Reach Trans-Atlantic Agreement Over Insurance Rules Merrill Lynch Gains Brokers—at a Price Fiduciary Rule Guidance Unveiled as Implementation Deadline Looms Deutsche Bank Bans Certain Text-Messaging Programs for Business Use Buffett Sets Aside Trump Antipathy for ‘Celebrity Apprentice’ Cameo Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Markets Stocks Stocks’ Early Surge Ebbs, Leaving Dow Short of 20000 Again Financial industrial sectors of S&P 500 pare initial gains of more than 1% to trade just slightly higher By Aaron Kuriloff and Aaron Kuriloff The Wall Street Journal BiographyAaron Kuriloff @kuriloff aaron.kuriloff@wsj.com Akane Otani Akane Otani The Wall Street Journal BiographyAkane Otani @akaneotani akane.otani@wsj.com Updated Jan. 3, 2017 4:42 p.m. ET Investors sent stocks soaring early in the first trading day of 2017, doubling down on postelection bets on economic growth. Then they backed away. The morning’s enthusiasm for bank and industrial stocks helped propel a roughly 175-point opening surge from the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the latest sign of the wagers on faster economic expansion and looser regulation that helped lift indexes to records at the end of 2016. At its... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Most Popular Videos SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Protesters Organize Nationwide 'Day of Action' Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years Mercedes and Lexus: Two Luxury Premieres in Detroit Opinion Journal: Climate Change Meltdown Most Popular Articles More Democratic Legislators Plan on Sitting Out Trump’s Swearing-In Immigrant-Rights Rallies Held in 50 U.S. Cities Opinion: Trump May Herald a New Political Order Opinion: The ‘Deplorables’ Aren’t So Bad, Once You Get to Know Us The Best and Worst Airlines Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Protesters Organize Nationwide 'Day of Action' Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years Mercedes and Lexus: Two Luxury Premieres in Detroit Opinion Journal: Climate Change Meltdown Most Popular Articles More Democratic Legislators Plan on Sitting Out Trump’s Swearing-In Immigrant-Rights Rallies Held in 50 U.S. Cities Opinion: Trump May Herald a New Political Order Opinion: The ‘Deplorables’ Aren’t So Bad, Once You Get to Know Us The Best and Worst Airlines Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Nike, Verizon Lead DJIA Higher Tuesday By Paul Ausick January 3, 2017 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet Source: Thinkstock January 3, 2017: Markets opened higher Tuesday following the beginning of promised cuts to crude oil production by OPEC members and other nations as well as a strong report on manufacturing activity in December. Telecom and healthcare were the day’s leading sector gainers while real estate and utilities were the losers. WTI crude oil for February delivery settled at $52.33 a barrel, down about 2.6% on the day after topping $55 earlier in the day. February gold added about 0.9% on the day to settle at $1,162.00. Equities were headed for a higher close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.37% for the day, the S&P 500 traded 0.63%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.69%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Tuesday was Nike Inc. (NYSE: NKE) which traded up 2.26% at $51.98. The stock’s 52-week range is $49.01 to $65.44. Volume was about 20% above the daily average of around 9.1million shares. The athletic gear maker had no specific news. Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) traded up 2.03% at $60.06. The stock’s 52-week range is $47.97 to $65.46. Volume was about 10% below the daily average of around 10.7 million shares. The company had no specific news Tuesday. Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) traded up 1.98% at $54.44. The stock’s 52-week range is $43.79 to $56.95. Volume was about 25% higher than the daily average of around 14 million shares. The company had no specific news. Visa Inc. (NYSE: V) traded up 1.74% at $79.38. The stock’s 52-week range is $66.12 to $83.96. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 10.4 million shares. The credit card issuer had no specific news Tuesday. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 19 are on track to close higher Tuesday and 11 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Air Force Seeking Bids to Replace JSTARS Surveillance Planes Tuesday’s Monster Moves You May Have Missed » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Nike (NYSE:NKE), Visa (NYSE:V), Verizon Communications, Inc. (NYSE:VZ) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Caterpillar (CAT) or Deere (DE): Which Is the Better Stock? Unum Group (UNM) Strengthens Portfolio with New Coverage Union Pacific (UNP) Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Detroit Auto Show: Will Volkswagen Build This Electric Microbus? These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 January 20173 January 2017 by Treatment for Syndromes of Dementia and Movement Disorders Market to Reach a Valuation of US$ 21,154.8 Million by 2020 According to a new market report published by Persistence Market Research “Global Market Study on Treatment for Syndromes of Dementia and Movement Disorders: Asia to Witness Highest Growth by 2020,” the global treatment for syndromes of dementia and movement disorders market was valued at USD 12,859.8 million in 2014 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 8.6% from 2014 to 2020, to reach an estimated value of USD 21,154.8 million in 2020. A Sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/2833 The treatment for syndromes of dementia and movement disorders market is witnessing significant growth due to increasing R&D investments in drug discovery and developments. In addition, increasing prevalence of neurodegenerative disorders and rising awareness about mental disorders are also driving the growth of the market. However, most of the drugs fail in Phase III due to lack of sufficient knowledge about the mechanisms of the brain and the unknown causes of the disease. In addition, lack of comprehensive therapeutic management, strict regulations, and time-consuming drug approval process inhibit the growth of the market. The global treatment for syndromes of dementia and movement disorders market is anticipated to grow from an estimated USD 12,859.8 million in 2014 to USD 21,154.8 million in 2020 at a CAGR of 8.6% during the forecast period. In North America, growing aging population and rising incidence of neurodegenerative disease are driving the use of treatment for syndromes of dementia and movement disorders in the market. In addition, lack of proper medication is also fuelling the growth of treatments for syndromes of dementia and movement disorders market. In Europe, the treatment for syndromes of dementia and movement disorders market is driven by rising incidence of mental disorder related disease and growing aging population. On the other hand, various awareness programs were launched by public and private health institutions to control dementia and movement disorders, which would increase the use of dementia and movement disorder drugs in the region. However, in Asia the growth for treatment for syndromes of dementia and movement disorders is much higher than developed countries due to widening health insurance penetration, and large population base. Request to view Table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/treatme… F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Ltd., Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Sanofi S.A., Valeant Pharmaceutical International, Inc., AstraZeneca GmbH and Pfizer, Inc. are some of the major players of treatment for syndromes of dementia and movement disorders market. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/2833 About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. Tagsbase, intelligence, major, private Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cell and Tissue Culture Supplies Market Expected to Hit US$ 28,108.3 Million by 2020 End Next PostNext Organic Personal Care Products Market: Shifting Focus towards Natural Products to Solve Hair & Skin Problem Boost Market Demand Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability 16 January 2017 MYANMAR MINING: MiTA Myanmar Mining Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 The Quiet Room Label is Working on the Development of the First Global Quiet Hotel Room App 16 January 2017 Statement by Peabody Energy 16 January 2017 Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report 16 January 2017 Hawaiian Telcom Announces SEA-US Cable Has Secured FCC License 16 January 2017 Solution Tree Acquires Hawker Brownlow Professional Learning Solutions 16 January 2017 China Rapid Finance Adds to Awards Haul with Hurun Honor 16 January 2017 Direct Debi recognised by Institute of Certified Bookkeepers 16 January 2017 MYANMAR OIL AND GAS: MiTA Myanmar Oil & Gas Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 26 January 2017. 6pm 09 February 2017. 6pm 23 February 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 26 January 2017. 6pm 09 February 2017. 6pm 23 February 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Columnists Fuller Treacy Money Euro Jumps 1.6 Percent in Minutes Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:35 03 Jan 2017 Fuller Treacy Money, January 03 2017 Australia ASX 300 Overextensions Eoin Treacy's view Over the last two days I have created spreadsheets for the constituents of the S&P500 and the FTSE-350; ranking them by overextensions relative to the trend mean. Today I am conducting the same exercise for Australia’s ASX 300. This is a particularly illiquid time of year and it takes less capital for traders to move markets. This is easiest where accelerated moves are in evidence, stops will have been placed and algorithmic systems have little difficulty identifying them.   Euro Jumps 1.6 Percent in Minutes as Algo Orders Surprise Market This article by Michael G. Wilson and Kevin Buckland for Bloomberg may be of interest to subscribers. Here is a section: The euro surged as much as 1.6 percent against the dollar in the Asian morning Friday as a rush of computer-generated orders caught traders off guard. The sudden move started under $1.05 and algorithmic orders snowballed above that level, causing what little liquidity there was on the year’s last trading day to vanish, according to foreign-exchange traders. In minutes, Europe’s single currency jumped to a high of $1.0653, forcing some dealers to take losses to cover positions. And “It could be stops taken out in thin liquidity,” said Simon Pianfetti, a senior manager at the market solutions department at SMBC Trust Bank Ltd. in Tokyo. “But it’s still a big move.” An hour later, the currencies had pared gains and traders were swapping stories on who had come out ahead in dealing rooms. The euro was up 0.5 percent as of 6:14 a.m. in New York, while the franc was 0.4 percent higher. The yen had flipped to a 0.3 percent loss from a 0.4 percent advance. The sharp move in the world’s most-traded currency pair punctuated a year that’s seen several unexpected moments of extreme volatility, most notably the pound flash crash in October. Again in early Asia time, the British currency dropped more than 6 percent against the dollar in two chaotic minutes, exacerbated by a rush of computer-driven sell orders amid thin liquidity. There is concern that such price swings will become increasingly common, with Boston-based consultant Aite Group estimating algorithmic transactions have more than tripled in the past three years. Eoin Treacy's view Algorithmic trading systems have proliferated in an environment where computing power has reached the speed required to support the ambitions of traders. Ultralow rates and massive availability of liquidity have lent fuel to these kinds of programs. The result has been a marked uptick in market specific volatility where programs can profit from what I consider “stops arbitrage”. In much the same way that prior program traders found disparities in pricing between different exchanges, current programs can fish for stops around psychological levels.  Solar Panels Now So Cheap Manufacturers Probably Selling at Loss This article by Christopher Martin for Bloomberg may be of interest to subscribers. Here is a section: “Certainly it would be a challenge for anyone to make money at that price,” Osborne said in an e-mail. “The blended cost for most last quarter was about 36 cents to 38 cents.” The current price is also lower than cost estimates from Trina. The biggest supplier of 2015 expected to reduce costs to about 40 cents a watt by the end of the year, from 45 cents in the second quarter, Chief Financial Officer Merry Xu said in an August conference call. The Changzhou, China-based company’s shareholders on Dec. 16 agreed to a $1.1 billion deal to take the company private. A spokesman declined to comment Friday. Some companies’ cost structures remain competitive, even with prices this low. Canadian Solar Inc., the second-biggest supplier, reported costs of 37 cents in the third quarter, down from 39 cents in the second quarter. The company has said its costs are among the lowest in the industry, and it expects to reach 29 cents a watt by the fourth quarter of 2017. Many of its competitors expect costs in the low 30s by then, Osborne said. Eoin Treacy's view Producing solar cells in an environment where prices are falling and likely to continue to fall as new technologies are integrated into the manufacturing process is a highly competitive business. Companies unable to compete will go bankrupt and even the most successful face the threat of obsolescence. Consumers are the primary beneficiaries. Pharma's Pricing Troubles Will Get Worse in 2017 This article by Max Nisen for Bloomberg may be of interest to subscribers. Here is a section: A structural decline in U.S. pricing power is ominous for every pharmaceutical company -- particularly if it extends to brand-new drugs, or to areas, such as cancer, that traditionally have strong pricing power. Highly effective new cholesterol-lowering drugs from Amgen and Sanofi/Regeneron have had notably sluggish launches since being approved in 2015, as a result of cost-driven roadblocks to patient access. Meanwhile, the market for expensive, immune-boosting cancer drugs -- dominated by Merck & Co. Inc. and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. when 2016 began -- gained a new entrant this year in Roche Holding AG. Pfizer Inc. and AstraZeneca PLC may join next year. Having five similar drugs on the market would make pricing pressure all but inevitable. These trends quietly gathered strength in 2016, and 2017 will give us more of a sense of just how far they will go. This, regardless of what Donald Trump decides to do, could well be the defining biopharma story of the year. Eoin Treacy's view The pharmaceutical industry has led a charmed existence for a long time because it has been able to increase prices for legacy drugs because of little to no competition. It is the antithesis of what we see in the consumer electronics sector where price pressure is enormous and demand for constant improvements and ever lower costs is the norm. 2017 (the 48th year of The Chart Seminar) Eoin Treacy's view The Chart Seminar 2017 We are currently in the planning stages for choosing venues for The Chart Seminar next year. Here are the confirmed dates Singapore April 12th and 13th London November 16th and 17th We will provide venue details shortly. The CFA Institute has once more agreed to co-host the Singapore event and I will also provide certificates for continuous professional development to anyone who wants one. I now also have some copies of the Mandarin edition of Crowd Money so please specify which version you would like to receive at the seminar when booking. If you are interested in either of these venues or would like to suggest a venue please contact Sarah at [email protected]   I would be more than happy to plan a US based seminar next year if we have the critical mass to make it viable and I will be stopping off in Japan on the way back from the seminar in Singapore if there is any interest for an event in Tokyo. The full rate for The Chart Seminar is £1799 + VAT. (Please note US, Australian and Asian delegates, as non EU residents are not liable for VAT). Subscribers are offered a discounted rate of £850. Anyone booking more than one place can also avail of the £850 rate for the second and subsequent delegates. Fuller Treacy Money Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version The information provided on this website (www.FTMoney.com) is for the purposes of information only.  This website and its content is not and should not be considered or deemed to be an offer of or invitation to engage in any investment activity.  Nothing FT Money does and nothing on this website is intended to operate or be construed as the giving of advice or the making of a recommendation by FT Money to any investor or prospective investor. FT Money and any other group or associated company of it is not authorised or regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK or any other regulatory body in any other jurisdiction.   By means of your login to our service you are deemed to thereby accept our current Terms of Business including this notice, Except for permission to download a single copy for personal use, the research published by FT Money may not be reproduced, distributed or published in whole or in part by any recipient for any purpose, without the prior express consent of FT Money. Information featured on the website is based upon information and data provided by FT Money and remains the intellectual property of FT Money.  Some of the information may also be provided by third parties and whilst FT Money will seek to ensure that information featured the website is updated on a regular basis, FT Money does not accept any responsibility for, and disclaims any and all liability for, any such information (including the accuracy of such information) or views or opinions expressed on the website.  Any person considering an investment opportunity as a result of data presented on the website should give full regard to all the content of the website, and should perform their own due diligence and obtain advice from suitably qualified professional advisers before investing.  Prospective investors are also encouraged and recommended to take their own independent legal and taxation advice together with any other advice that they may consider necessary to consider the benefits and risks attached to any investment opportunity. No representation or warranty, expressed or implied, is or will be made or given by FT Money  (including its executives, employees, agents, contractors and advisors) in relation to the accuracy or completeness of the contents of the website, save that any such liability is not excluded in respect of fraudulent misrepresentation. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Fuller Treacy Money http://www.fullertreacymoney.com/ Fuller Treacy Money is a Global Strategy Service produced by David Fuller and Eoin Treacy for internationally oriented investors.  This comprehensive service includes:   * Comment of the Day – Concise analysis, market reports, informative articles, price charts plus David and Eoin’s personal portfolio transactions. * Subscribers Audio – Daily insights on global stock markets, government bonds, currencies and commodities. Friday’s audio focuses on the big picture, long-term outlook. * Subscribers Chart Library – Review any market on an absolute or relative basis, filter thousands of instruments and create your own customised templates and personalised lists.  UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 3, 2017 by Abhishek Budholiya Animal Healthcare Market Poised to Rake $35 Billion by 2016 Revenues generated through sales of animal healthcare products and services are expected to reach $35 billion by the end of 2016, according to a report, “Animal Healthcare Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015 – 2020” by Future Market Insights (FMI). Growing pet humanisation trend and focus on preventive healthcare are expected to drive demand for animal healthcare products, such as feed additives, pharmaceuticals, and vaccines. Production Animal Segment Accounts for Higher Demand  FMI’s report has broadly segmented the animal healthcare market into production animal and companion animal. Between these, demand for healthcare products and services is higher from the production animal segment. Production animal healthcare revenues totalled nearly $21.8 billion in 2015 vis-à-vis $11.7 billion of companion animals. Feed Additives Segment Worth $15.7 Billion in 2015 The key product categories that account for bulk of the revenues in the animal healthcare market are feed additives, pharmaceuticals, and vaccines. Among these, demand for feed additives is the highest, with global revenues totalling $15.7 billion in 2015. By 2020, feed additives are forecasted to account for nearly 48% revenues of the global animal healthcare market. Request For Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-431 US, China, and France Among the Largest Markets FMI’s report has analysed the animal healthcare market in North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and Middle East and Africa. North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific account for nearly 88% revenues of the global market. The US, China, Japan, France, Germany, and the U.K. are among the most lucrative markets for companies operating in the animal healthcare landscape. The North America animal healthcare market was valued at $11.3 billion in 2015, of which the U.S. accounted for nearly $9.2 billion. FMI’s report forecasts the market to increase at 4.5% CAGR through 2020 to reach $14.1 billion in revenues. The Europe animal healthcare market was valued at $9.6 billion in 2015; it is estimated to expand at 4.7% CAGR through 2020 and total $12.2 billion in revenues. France is the largest market for animal healthcare products and services in Europe, accounting for $1.9 billion in revenues in 2015. FMI’s report forecasts Turkey to be the fastest growing country in the Europe animal healthcare market. The Asia Pacific animal healthcare market was valued at $8.3 billion in 2015, and FMI estimates it to expand at 6.2% CAGR through 2020. China is the most lucrative country in the Asia Pacific animal healthcare market, and is expected to expand at the fastest CAGR in Asia Pacific. By 2020, China is expected to represent nearly 62% market share. Send An Enquiry@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-431 Animal Healthcare Market: Key Players Some of the leading players operating in the pharmaceutical & vaccine segment of animal healthcare market include Bayer Healthcare AG, Merck & Co., Inc. (Intervet), Virbac S.A, Eli Lilly and Company (Elanco/Novartis), Vetoquinol SA, Zoetis, Inc. (Pfizer), Ceva Santé Animale, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Nutreco N.V. and Sanofi S.A. (MERIAL Limited). Major animal feed additive manufacturers include Cargill Inc. (Provimi), Koninklijke DSM N.V., ADM Alliance Nutrition, and Evonik Industries AG. ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Press@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsanimal healthcare, Animal Healthcare Market, CO, Current Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ACME Communications, Inc. (ACME: OTC Link) | Deleted Symbol Next PostNext Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd. (NMKTD: OTCQX International) | Symbol Change Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts MYANMAR MINING: MiTA Myanmar Mining Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 January 16, 2017 The Quiet Room Label is Working on the Development of the First Global Quiet Hotel Room App January 16, 2017 Statement by Peabody Energy January 16, 2017 Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report January 16, 2017 Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability January 16, 2017 China Rapid Finance Adds to Awards Haul with Hurun Honor January 16, 2017 Direct Debi recognised by Institute of Certified Bookkeepers January 16, 2017 Three New Troopers Assigned To Troop A January 16, 2017 Troop G Announces Saturation Results January 16, 2017 New Troopers Assigned To Troop H January 16, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 3, 2017 by Abhishek Budholiya Southeast Asia Pet Care Market Will Hit at a CAGR of 6.8% from 2014 to 2020 Future Market Insights (FMI) delivers incisive insights into emerging regions in its latest report titled, “Southeast Asia Pet Care  Market Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2014 – 2020”. The report states that the SEA pet care market is mainly driven by the burgeoning trends of pet humanization and increasing adoption of private label brands in countries such as Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Malaysia. FMI analyst P.S. Neha sheds light on why the SEA pet care market will become one of the major markets in the region in the near future: “Growth of the pet care market across Southeast Asia is driven by increasing adoption and humanization of pets. Pet owners are now more inclined towards more nutritious, healthy and organic foods for their pets.” By type, the overall SEA pet care market is segmented into dog food, cat food, pet products and others. Dog food is the major segment in this region, accounting for a 51.6% share of the market in 2014; however, this is expected to decrease by 30 BPS by 2020. Request For Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-45 This report also covers the pet care market by category and by channel. On the basis of channel, the market is segmented into supermarket, pet shop, veterinary clinic and others. The supermarket segment is the leading distribution channel in the SEA pet care market. However, veterinary clinics are anticipated to exhibit the fastest CAGR at 7.1%, followed by supermarket at a 6.8% CAGR during the forecast period. This growth is attributed to a shift in consumer buying habits and an increasing inclination of pet owners to purchase health and wellness products from reliable sources such as veterinary clinics. Furthermore, by category, the market includes economy-priced, mid-priced and premium-priced products. Improving consumer lifestyles and increasing disposable income in Southeast Asian countries has resulted in a growing acceptance for pets, not only among the high-income group, but also the middle-income group. In 2014, Thailand was the dominant country in the overall Southeast Asia pet care market with a 43.62% share, followed by Malaysia and Indonesia, accounting for 21.74% and 15.47% respectively. Send An Enquiry@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-45 The pet care market in the Philippines is expected to register a significant CAGR of 8.4%. This is expected to be followed by Vietnam at a CAGR of 8.0% during the forecast period. Innovation remains the key to gaining a competitive edge in the SEA pet care market, especially in the pet food category. Companies such as Nestlé Purina, Zoetis, Mars, Inc. and Merck & Co., account for over 50% of the overall market share and constantly focus on mergers and acquisitions to expand their geographical presence and customer base. ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Press@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsCAT, CO, Current, Inclination, Light, Mars, Pet Care, Pet Care Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Board and senior management changes Next PostNext Further re Tranche 2 Notes Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts MYANMAR MINING: MiTA Myanmar Mining Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 January 16, 2017 The Quiet Room Label is Working on the Development of the First Global Quiet Hotel Room App January 16, 2017 Statement by Peabody Energy January 16, 2017 Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report January 16, 2017 Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability January 16, 2017 China Rapid Finance Adds to Awards Haul with Hurun Honor January 16, 2017 Direct Debi recognised by Institute of Certified Bookkeepers January 16, 2017 Three New Troopers Assigned To Troop A January 16, 2017 Troop G Announces Saturation Results January 16, 2017 New Troopers Assigned To Troop H January 16, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 January 20174 January 2017 by Pharmacogenomics Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Forecast and Opportunities 2014 – 2020 ResearchMoz added Latest Research Report titled ” Pharmacogenomics Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2014 – 2020 ” to it’s Large Report database. Pharmacogenomics deals with the study of inherited variations in human genes that affect an individual’s reaction to a particular drug. It co-integrates the genetic sciences with pharmaceutical science. Thus, it is the science of individualizing the drug, which is based on individual’s genetic makeup. And, many times pharmacogenomics are linked to personalized medicine, as the environmental conditions, genetic variations, and changing lifestyle greatly influence the type and severity of diseases as well as therapeutic responses that varies from person to person. In pharmacogenomics, various genetic tests are performed that determine or assist in targeted drug therapies as well as treatment procedures to be adopted so as to minimize side-effects and improve results. The genetic tests performed in pharmacogenomics also help to determine an individual’s susceptibility to certain diseases. Presently, pharmacogenomics is being considered to bring a new change in medicine and healthcare as it promises to offer better, safer as well as affordable healthcare. Download free Sample PDF report with TOC: www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=228523 Some of the major driving factors for the growth of this market, include, increasing prevalence of several infectious and non-infectious diseases, rising usage in drug discovery processes, increasing demand for personalized drugs, and increasing awareness about benefits associated with pharmacogenomics. Increasing prevalence of several diseases require effective treatment therapeutics, which must be more reliable and safe at the same time. Pharmacogenomics can help achieve both and hence increasing awareness of its benefits will increase its demand across geographies, hence increased growth of the market. The application of pharmacogenomics would greatly help physicians in the treatment of a particular segment of population by studying their responses to specific drugs. Also, the knowledge of effectiveness of a drug in a patient would make a drug more reliable, and it will limit the number of drugs to be withdrawn from the market due to different adverse reactions in few patients to whom they were administered. Pharmacogenomics is also facing challenges like, predicting the association between a genetic marker and a phenotypic drug response, where other variables are also playing their role in drug response. However, recent technological advancements will allow overcoming such challenges in future, hence contributes towards the growth of this market. Read All Pharmaceutical Market Research Reports @ www.researchmoz.us/pharmaceutical-market-reports-38.html Among all the regions, North America holds the leading position in pharmacogenomics market followed by Europe. Some of the factors responsible for the growth of this market in these regions include increasing usage of pharmacogenomics in the development of more potent as well as personalized medicines, which are on huge demand in these regions. High awareness among physicians and drug developers about the benefits, such as increased reliability, reduced side effects etc. will continue to provide growth towards this market in these regions. Asia-Pacific is the most lucrative market as it promises tremendous growth in future. Key factor responsible for the rapid growth of this market in the region are increasing demand for better, safer and cost effective therapeutics for several infectious as well as non-infectious diseases, which are prevalent in this region. Other major factors include increasing healthcare awareness, improving healthcare investments, rising number of R&D centers and demand for personalized drugs will continue to provide growth towards this market in future. Some of the major players operating in this market are Abbott Laboratories, Inc., Affymetrix, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Bayer AG, Merck & Co., Inc., GE Healthcare, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Johnson & Johnson, Merck KGaA and others. This research report analyzes this market on the basis of its market segments, major geographies, and current market trends. Geographies analyzed under this research report include North America Asia Pacific Europe Rest of the World About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket 90 State Street, Albany NY, United States – 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 / Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: bit.ly/1TBmnVG Follow me on Blogger at: healthcare-research-report.blogspot.in/ This release was published on openPR. Tagscompany, major, service Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Vertical Farming Industry :- Market Share ,Strategic Recommendations ,Market Forecasts ,Market Trends ),Key Business Segments ,Competitive Landscaping ,Company Profiling ,Recent Developments, Supply Chain Trends Next PostNext Global Test Strip Market is expected to reach $18.5 billion by 2021 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability 16 January 2017 MYANMAR MINING: MiTA Myanmar Mining Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 The Quiet Room Label is Working on the Development of the First Global Quiet Hotel Room App 16 January 2017 Statement by Peabody Energy 16 January 2017 Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report 16 January 2017 Hawaiian Telcom Announces SEA-US Cable Has Secured FCC License 16 January 2017 Solution Tree Acquires Hawker Brownlow Professional Learning Solutions 16 January 2017 China Rapid Finance Adds to Awards Haul with Hurun Honor 16 January 2017 Direct Debi recognised by Institute of Certified Bookkeepers 16 January 2017 MYANMAR OIL AND GAS: MiTA Myanmar Oil & Gas Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Lycera Announces Initiation of Phase 1/2a Study ARGON of Immuno-Oncology Candidate LYC-55716 in Patients with Advanced Solid Tumors First-In-Class RORgamma Agonist to Begin Phase 1 - Dose Finding and Safety Assessment News provided by Lycera Corp. Jan 04, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article NEW YORK and ANN ARBOR, Mich., Jan. 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Lycera Corp., a privately held biopharmaceutical company developing breakthrough immune modulatory medicines, announced today the initiation of a Phase 1/2a clinical trial of the Company's novel immuno-oncology therapeutic candidate LYC-55716, in patients with advanced, relapsed, or refractory solid tumors. "We continue to make rapid and significant progress in the development of our novel immune modulators. This is Lycera's third clinical trial initiated in the past 12 months and our first immuno-oncology compound to enter the clinic," said Paul Sekhri, President and CEO of Lycera. "The promising results of our preclinical program have provided confirmation that LYC-55716 modulates gene expression of RORgamma expressing T lymphocyte immune cells, resulting in enhanced effector function, as well as decreased immunosuppression, resulting in decreased tumor growth, and improved survival in in vivo preclinical models.  This process of reprogramming immune cells is unique from other currently approved immunotherapies, and based on this, as well as the ability to deliver this agent orally, we believe LYC-55716 could be a significant advancement for patients." "Unlike many immunotherapies that either stimulate the immune system or reduce immune suppression, Lycera's RORgamma agonist has demonstrated in preclinical models that it can simultaneously enhance T-cell function and reduce mechanisms of the immune suppression. Therapy with an oral RORgamma agonist may be able to demonstrate single agent activity, as well as show synergy in combination with other immunotherapies," said John Nemunaitis, a principal investigator and Director of the Mary Crowley Medical Research Center, Dallas, TX. "We are excited to be working with Lycera and to be working on a compound with such a novel mechanism of action." The ARGON trial (Trial of RORgamma Agonist LYC-55716 in Advanced Cancer) is a Phase 1/2a study of LYC-55716 in patients with advanced, relapsed or refractory solid tumors.  The initial Phase 1 portion of the study is designed to find the biologically active or maximum tolerated dose of LYC-55716.  The study will utilize a 3+3 study design, in which LYC-55716 will be administered orally in subjects with relapsed or refractory solid tumors. The primary endpoints are safety and tolerability, and the study is designed to determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and the recommended Phase 2 dose. Upon dose determination, LYC-55716 will enter Phase 2a, which is expected to enroll approximately 40 patients.  The primary efficacy endpoint of the Phase 2a portion of the study will be objective response rate according to response evaluation criteria in solid tumors. About LYC-55716 LYC-55716 is a first in class oral, selective RORgamma agonist. The retinoic acid-related orphan receptor gamma (RORgamma) is a nuclear receptor transcription factor that acts as an immune cell master control switch.  RORgamma agonists modulate gene expression to reprogram immune cells for improved function, as well as decrease immunosuppressive mechanisms, resulting in decreased tumor growth and enhanced survival in in vivo preclinical models of cancer.  Essentially, Lycera's RORgamma agonist approach "removes the brake" and "pushes on the accelerator" of immune function. About Lycera Lycera is a biopharmaceutical company developing novel oral immune modulators for the treatment of autoimmune diseases and cancer. Based on successful progress of its world-class R&D platform, including expertise in immune metabolism, cell signaling, and immune cell differentiation, Lycera has commenced multiple clinical programs in 2016. The company is advancing a wholly owned, oral, gut-directed ATPase modulator, designated LYC-30937-EC, for the treatment of autoimmune disease, and has entered Phase 2 clinical studies in patients with ulcerative colitis and psoriasis. A second product candidate, LYC-55716, an oral RORgamma agonist, has progressed into Phase 1/2a testing in patients with advanced solid tumors. Lycera has an exclusive strategic collaboration with Celgene Corporation to advance Lycera's proprietary pipeline for cancer and immune-mediated diseases. In addition, Lycera had previously established collaborations with Merck to discover, develop, and commercialize small molecule therapies for autoimmune disorders. Lycera's leadership possesses deep experience in drug discovery, development, and commercialization and has established close relationships with renowned thought leaders and clinical researchers worldwide. Lycera was founded in 2006 based on an initial scientific platform in-licensed from the University of Michigan. Lead investors in Lycera include InterWest Partners, ARCH Venture Partners, Clarus Ventures, and EDF Ventures. CONTACT: Justin Jackson, Burns McClellan, 212-213-0006, ext. 327, jjackson@burnsmc.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lycera-announces-initiation-of-phase-12a-study-argon-of-immuno-oncology-candidate-lyc-55716-in-patients-with-advanced-solid-tumors-300384858.html SOURCE Lycera Corp. Related Links http://www.lycera.com Dec 07, 2016, 08:00 ET Preview: Lycera Announces Initiation of Phase 2 UPRISE Clinical Trial of LYC-30937-EC for Patients with Moderate Psoriasis My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Dec 07, 2016, 08:00 ETLycera Announces Initiation of Phase 2 UPRISE Clinical Trial of... Nov 10, 2016, 08:00 ETLycera Announces Appointments of Leading Experts to Scientific... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries You just read: Lycera Announces Initiation of Phase 1/2a Study ARGON of Immuno-Oncology Candidate LYC-55716 in Patients with Advanced Solid Tumors News provided by Lycera Corp. Jan 04, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
BH Courier Serving Beverly Hills, Bel Air, Holmby, Century City, Trousdale, Brentwood, Westwood Flip Edition E-Edition Search for: Main menu Skip to content Home Arts / Ent. Business George Christy Health Real Estate Pets Sports Elder Stories Gallery Video Advertise Sub menu Home Arts / Entertainment More News Business George Christy Health Real Estate Pets Sports Gallery Advertise DBAs Wall Street Gains Continue into the New Year Trading Posted: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 – 1:31 PM (AFP) Wall Street stocks resumed their upward climb Monday, the first trading day of the new year, amid apparent rising optimism about the incoming Trump administration. Analysts said sentiment was relatively upbeat at the prospects of tax cuts, regulatory reform and other initiatives that are expected to win favor in Washington under Trump and the Republican Congress. “Overall we ended 2016 with a great deal of optimism about stocks, even though the last week of the year was somewhat on a sideways move,” said David Levy, portfolio manager at Republic Wealth Advisors.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average finished up 0.6 percent at 19,881.76. The broad-based S&amp;P 500 gained 0.9 percent to 2,257.83, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index advanced 0.9 percent to 5,429.08. Ford jumped 3.8 percent after announcing plans to scuttle a new $1.6 billion factory in Mexico and instead create 700 new jobs in the US. The announcement was hailed by Trump, who had previously attacked the plan for the new Mexico factory. Ford’s rival, General Motors, won 0.9 percent after Trump threatened to impose tariffs on GM’s Mexican-built Chevy Cruze cars imported to the US. GM said most of its US-sold Cruze cars are built in America. Pharmaceutical stocks, which underperformed other sectors in 2016, advanced. Merck won 2.2 percent, Biogen 2.9 percent and Teva 3.4 percent. Restaurant shares tumbled after the NPD Group predicted that traffic will remain “stalled” in 2017, much as it did in 2016. McDonald’s lost 1.7 percent and Chipotle Mexican Grill fell 0.7 percent. jmb/hs © 1994-2017 Agence France-Presse Share this Story Related Stories Brazil’s Odebrecht, Braskem, Ordered to Pay $3.5 Billion in Bribery Case December 21, 2016 02:27 PM US Fed Raises Key Interest Rates as Economy Improves December 14, 2016 12:06 PM U.S. and European Stocks Soaring to Record-Breaking Highs, Reflects Growing Optimism December 7, 2016 03:35 PM Robert Vaughn, A.K.A. Napoleon Solo, The Man from U.N.C.L.E, Dead at 83 November 11, 2016 01:45 PM Submitting Comment Leave a Comment Cancel Reply Required fields are marked *. Your email address will not be published. Name: * Email: * Website: Comment: Comment:* Verify you are human:4 + 12 = * Most Viewed Stories Beverly Hills News – Cultural Heritage Commission to Consider Legendary Samuel Goldwyn Property as Historic Landmark Beverly Hills Police Investigate Bomb Scare At 8383 Wilshire Blvd. Beverly Hills News – BHPD Capt. Rosen Subject Of New Workplace Harassment Complaint Frances Allen’s Desert Roundup—Palm Springs International Film Festival Gala Kicks Off Awards Season In Style Santa Monica Boulevard Construction Begins Next Week After Rain Delay Beverly Hills News – Allyson Felix to Receive 2016 Sportswoman of the Year Award Beverly Hills News – Board Of Education Struggles To Reach Consensus On How To Reduce $5M From Budget Obama To End His Presidency With Farewell Speech in Chicago Lion Roars For Golden Globes – Carol Connors, Dev Patel and Barbi Benton at a screening of Lion at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Nutrition Notes With Illana Muhlstein—Three Simple Breakfasts You’ll Love Classifieds / Apt for Rent Recent Editions 01/13 Classifieds / Apartments for Rent 01/06 Classifieds / Apartments for Rent 12/30 Classifieds / Apartments for Rent 12/23 Classifieds / Apartments for Rent E-Edition – Friday January 13, 2017 E-Edition – Friday January 6, 2017 E-Edition – Friday December 30, 2016 E-Edition – Friday December 23, 2016 Sign up for Breaking News & Alerts Registering Email Verify you are human: 1 + 16 = Cuisine Beverly Hills News – Picklefest Winners Announced Beverly Hills Farmers’ Market celebrated the fourth annual Picklefest Sunday where contestants were vying for the title of “Best Pickle in Beverly Hills.” August 10, 2016 11:20 AM Education / Enrichment The Willows Community School Honored For Dedication to Foster Youth and Families The Willows Community School was commended by the L.A. County Board of Supervisors for hosting the Foster Care Counts “Foster Mother’s Day” and its commitment to foster youth and families. September 30, 2016 03:15 PM Local Happenings ‘La La Land’ Dominates Golden Globes The modern musical romance “La La Land” is the darling of Hollywood’s awards season Monday, after collecting all seven Golden Globes for which it was nominated, including best comedy/musical, best actor for Ryan Gosling, actress for Emma Stone and best director and screenwriter for Damien Chazelle.   January 9, 2017 11:03 AM Local Beverly Hills News – Beverly Hills Resident Faces ‘David and Goliath’ Fight Over Proposed Project On 3rd Street and Oakhurst The Planning Commission on Thursday could not make findings to allow variances for two single-family homes – one a three-story 2,145 square foot and the other a three-story 3,088 square foot – on the corner of Oakhurst Drive and 3rd Street, flanking a tiny, one-story, 1,000 square foot home. January 12, 2017 06:13 PM Sports Floyd Mayweather Offers Conor McGregor $15 Million For Megafight Former welterweight champion Floyd Mayweather said Wednesday he was “interested” in a fight with Conor McGregor and had already offered the mixed martial arts star $15 million to climb into the ring with him.   January 11, 2017 10:46 AM Astrology HOROSCOPES BY HOLIDAY MATHIS (011317) HOROSCOPES BY HOLIDAY MATHIS (010617) HOROSCOPES BY HOLIDAY MATHIS (123016) Columnists Film Review— ‘Hidden Figures’ Is The Right Tale At The Not-Quite-Right Time Frances Allen’s Desert Roundup—Palm Springs International Film Festival Gala Kicks Off Awards Season In Style Nutrition Notes With Illana Muhlstein—Three Simple Breakfasts You’ll Love Special Sections Health & Beauty —Mojee Uses Latest Technique In Beauty To Help Clients Achieve Perfect Natural-Looking Eyebrows Men’s Health—Technology Is Changing How Men Get Screened, Treated For Prostate Cancer Active Retirement—Belmont Village Offers Tips For Choosing a Senior Living Community US News Exceptional Registered Nurse Jamie Newton, RN III, BS, will be Presented in the Worldwide Leaders in Healthcare Adam Farragut Acclaimed Colorectal Surgeon, Manpreet S. Grewal, MD, FACS, will be Featured in The Leading Physicians of the World Adam Farragut Noteworthy Licensed Practical Nurse James V. Wilkerson, LPN, will be Displayed in the Worldwide Leaders in Healthcare Adam Farragut Charity This Week’s Featured Pets Will Make Great Christmas Gifts! Entertainment Business Manager John Mcllwee Kicks Off Project Angel Food Fundraising Campaign At Showcase House This Holiday Season, Give Back to the Shelter Pets! Footer Menu Home Download Our Issues Archives Beverly Hills DBAs Advertise with Us Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Login BH Courier, 499 Cañon Drive. Suite 100 Beverly Hills, CA 90210 Tel. 310-278-1322 Fax. 310-271-5118 Copyright 2017 BH Courier. All Rights Reserved.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US stocks begin 2017 with gains News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US stocks begin 2017 with gains Wall Street stocks resumed their upward climb on Tuesday, the first trading day of the new year, amid apparent rising optimism about the incoming Trump administration. Posted 04 Jan 2017 05:26 Updated 04 Jan 2017 05:30 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on the first trading day of the New Year on Jan 3, 2017 in New York City. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images/AFP) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks resumed their upward climb on Tuesday (Jan 3), the first trading day of the new year, amid apparent rising optimism about the incoming Trump administration. Analysts said sentiment was relatively upbeat at the prospects of tax cuts, regulatory reform and other initiatives that are expected to win favour in Washington under Trump and the Republican Congress. "Overall we ended 2016 with a great deal of optimism about stocks, even though the last week of the year was somewhat on a sideways move," said David Levy, portfolio manager at Republic Wealth Advisors. The Dow Jones Industrial Average finished up 119.16 points (0.60 per cent) at 19,881.76. The broad-based S&P 500 gained 19.00 points (0.85 per cent) to 2,257.83, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index advanced 45.97 points (0.85 per cent) to 5,429.08. Ford jumped 3.8 per cent after announcing plans to scuttle a new US$1.6 billion factory in Mexico and instead create 700 new jobs in the US. The announcement was hailed by Trump, who had previously attacked the plan for the new Mexico factory. Ford's rival, General Motors, won 0.9 per cent after Trump threatened to impose tariffs on GM's Mexican-built Chevy Cruze cars imported to the US. GM said most of its US-sold Cruze cars are built in America. Pharmaceutical stocks, which under-performed other sectors in 2016, advanced. Merck won 2.2 per cent, Biogen 2.9 per cent and Teva 3.4 per cent. Restaurant shares tumbled after the NPD Group predicted that traffic will remain "stalled" in 2017, much as it did in 2016. McDonald's lost 1.7 per cent and Chipotle Mexican Grill fell 0.7 per cent. - AFP/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
