Menu Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Growth Companies Human Capital & Careers Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Sign InSign Up Search for: CFO Conferences Webcasts Research White Papers Jobs Training Newsletters Magazine Search for: The Death of the Department A holistic digital view of the enterprise will be… Turning Barriers into Opportunities New ways to enable innovation in financial… Trump’s Corporate Tax Reforms: What CFOs Need to Know While Trump wants to close loopholes, many of them… Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Risk & Compliance Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Strategy Technology Risk Management Boards Push Insurers to Quantify Cyber Risks But the insurance industry is in its infancy on cyber and is too focused on pushing products. David M. Katz October 31, 2016 | CFO.com | US - Comments: 1 share Tweet Email Print - Print + Email this article To* Please enter your email address* Subject* Comments* Galvanized by recent cyber attacks against corporations, boards of directors are pushing their companies’ risk managers as well as the insurance industry to quantify cyber risks. The push for better predictive data on computer breaches stems from directors’ desire for clarity on how to either self-fund or transfer the risk to insurance companies. Seeing disclosure as a way to exert downward pressure on their organizations to do a better job of predicting and managing cyber risks, at least one board has also pressed its company’s management to report and quantify the threat. Meanwhile, the insurance industry, in its infancy in terms of quantifying its clients’ risk, is merely pushing commodified products that cover only a fraction of the potential risks. Recommended Stories: Five Strategies to Mitigate Global Risks New ISO Standard Is an Anti-Bribery Game-Changer Making Hedging Strategies Work: It Takes a Committee Those are key takeaways for CFOs from presentations by insurers, insurance brokers, corporate risk managers, and chief information security officers who spoke last week at the Cyber Risk Insights Conference held by Advisen, a risk management data firm, in New York. Especially striking for a conference involving the nascent cyber insurance industry was the attendance, with the spacious Grand Hyatt New York ballroom packed solid. Part of the attendance could be attributed to the intense interest corporations are taking in preparing for looming, though ill-defined cyber risks. Indeed, two conferences panelists,  the risk managers of Merck & Co. and Time Inc., both classified cyber-risk exposures as one of the top perils in the hierarchy of risks their corporations face. “Cyber is absolutely a top risk in the organization. In fact, we’ve actually begun disclosing it as such in our public filings, our 10-Ks, alongside our business and operations risks,” said Eric Dobkin, the director of insurance and risk management at Merck. “It’s gotten attention from all levels of the company.” Laura Winn, Time Similarly, Laura Winn, the director of risk management and treasury at Time, said the media giant’s board considers attacks on the company’s computer systems a “top three risk,” with lawsuits against its directors and officers another one she mentioned. Prompted by the board, the company’s risk management department is working to quantify the company’s exposure to cyber attacks so that it can transfer some of the risks to insurers, she added. Culling all the media company’s cyber-risk-management information together in a meaningfully predictive way is a tough task, however. That’s because “our organization is pretty siloed,” she said. “One thing we need to do is bring everybody together, outside of the crisis management team,” to gather the data needed to underlie a corporate-wide strategy to prevent cyber losses before they happen. Merck is embarked on a similar path. “Within our organization, we have challenges and questions about how to quantify the risk,” said Dobkin. While he works on quantification in conjunction with the chief information security officer on that effort, he works “with everyone else too,” the risk manager said. “I struggle to think what part of the organization isn’t touched by the risk,” he added, noting that the company’s manufacturing, research, and distribution functions are all exposed to cyber attacks. Both risk managers suggested that making cyber risk disclosure part of corporate financial reporting could have preventative effects. But their companies only report the existence of the risks, not the extent of them. Within its report of its technology risks in its most recent 10-K, Merck reported that its could “experience a business interruption, intentional theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from espionage attacks, malware or other cyber-attacks, or insider threat attacks….” Yet its quantitative reporting on the risks remained threadbare. “Although the aggregate impact on the Company’s operations and financial condition has not been material to date, the Company has been the target of events of this nature and expects them to continue,” Merck reported, without giving numbers. In its most recent annual report, Time disclosed: “Like other companies, we have on occasion experienced, and will continue to experience, threats to our data and systems, including malicious codes and viruses, and other cyber-attacks. The number and complexity of these threats continue to increase over time.” Again, there was no actual quantification of the risk. “It’s difficult to quantify what the exposure is to our organization,” said Winn, noting that it’s hard “just getting the right payroll [data] for workers’ compensation insurance and risk management purposes.” A large retailer she previously worked for also disclosed cyber risk in its 10-K but didn’t quantify it, Winn recalled. As a result, that company’s board began to press for more details on the extent of the risk. “Disclosure does push the board to push down” on the rest of the organization to get better risk information, she said. For its part, Merck’s risk management department gets “questions about how to quantify risk” from the finance department, which it reports to, said Dobkin. But one of the prime sources corporations would go to for information and advice about how to manage risk exposures, the property-casualty insurance industry, is only just getting started on gaining a true understanding of how to forecast cyber losses. To the industry, “the role of the insurance market is shrouded in clouds,” said Dominic Casserley, the president and deputy chief executive officer of Willis Towers Watson, the big insurance broker and consultancy. Insurers “have no idea where it will go.” Indeed, the past year has shown the industry “that we’ve only just gotten started to address this problem [of how to quantify the risk]. 2016 was the year when we became aware of the fact that the consequences may be much broader than just the costs associated with handling a company’s personal data,” potentially involving attacks on the internet of things, said Ben Beeson, cyber risk practice leader for insurance broker Lockton Cos. “Not just the data but the physical assets may be at risk, and [cyber criminals] just might attack you physically.” Rather than just trying to push products, insurers should seek to tailor coverage to the needs of each individual corporate client, according to Beeson. “While it is good news that the insurance industry’s awareness has grown, it is not, at least in the short term, making life any easier for our clients,” he said. “When it comes to trying to understand how to transfer cyber risk from the balance sheet … [corporate insurance buyers are] facing ambiguity, a jigsaw puzzle of insurance products that overlap in some areas and exclude in others.” While the insurance industry may be progressing in terms of its grasp of cyber risks, “the risk is evolving incredibly dynamically, and the industry is very deliberative,” observed Merck’s Dobkin. Post navigation ← GE, Baker Hughes to Merge Oil, Gas Businesses CenturyLink Upgrades Network With Level 3 Buy → One response to “Boards Push Insurers to Quantify Cyber Risks” Bruce Fernandez said 11/02/16 16:12pm So why do they not do similar as respects their company’s intangible assets (i.e. patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, et al)? Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Newsletter Sign Up Advertisement Popular Articles In Tech, Return Measures are Better than Margins Robots, Robots Everywhere Ex-CFO Tells the Fascinating Story of Pixar The End of Accounting? Key Performance Drivers: KPIs Evolved Five Employment Law Traps for CFOs Advertisement   Topics Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Media Videos Whitepapers Research Blogs Magazine Events Conferences Webcasts Services Reprints Back Issues Mobile Widgets RSS About CFO About CFO Editorial Staff Press Advertise FAQ Contact Us Want the Magazine? Relax and unplug with our award-winning coverage. Subscribe Now Follow Us
null
null
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MERCK KGAA AKTIE»EMA To Review Merck's Avelumab For Treatment Of Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma MERCK KGAA 94,94  Euro +0,07 +0,07 % WKN: 659990  ISIN: DE0006599905 Ticker-Symbol: MRK  Xetra | 14.11.16 | 17:35 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktDAX-30 Prime Standard DAX International 100 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 94,49 95,36 14.11. 94,71 95,06 14.11. 31.10.2016 | 08:57 (17 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News EMA To Review Merck's Avelumab For Treatment Of Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma NEW YORK CITY (dpa-AFX) - Merck KGaA (MKGAY.PK) and Pfizer Inc. (PFE) announced the European Medicines Agency has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. The avelumab metastatic MCC MAA submission is supported by data from JAVELIN Merkel 200, a multicenter, single-arm, open-label, Phase II study of 88 patients with metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed after at least one chemotherapy treatment. The companies noted that, if approved, avelumab could be the first treatment indicated for patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. Avelumab, an investigational anti-PD-L1 antibody, is initially discovered and developed by Merck KGaA. The immuno-oncology alliance between Merck and Pfizer will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu MERCK KGAA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mo Merck Korea and Incheon sign MOU on biopharm: Pharmaceutical giant Merck Korea signed a memorandum of ... ► Artikel lesen Mo BRIEF-Merck KGaA says primary endpoint was not met in study population ► Artikel lesen Mo Merck KGaA PT Set at €101.00 by Commerzbank AG ► Artikel lesen Mo Analysts Set Merck KGaA Target Price at $101.50 ► Artikel lesen Mo Merck: Study Results Confirm Potential Of Atacicept As Candidate Therapy For SLE VIENNA (dpa-AFX) - Merck KGaA (MKGAY.PK) reported the results of the ADDRESS II Phase IIb, multicenter study on atacicept in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus. The company said, although... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart MERCK KGAA Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % MERCK KGAA 94,94 +0,07 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
378333 3408 sfoglia le notizie ACCEDI REGISTRATI Utente Password Password dimenticata METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Pr Newswire . European Medicines Agency Validates the Marketing Authorization Application for Avelumab for the Treatment of Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma European Medicines Agency Validates the Marketing Authorization Application for Avelumab for the Treatment of Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma PR NEWSWIRE Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 31/10/2016 08:01 DARMSTADT, Germany and NEW YORK, October 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK-based media  Merck and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC), a rare and aggressive skin cancer, which impacts approximately 2,500 Europeans a year. [1],[2] Validation of the MAA confirms that submission is complete and begins the EMA's centralized review process.* If approved, avelumab, an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody, could be the first approved treatment indicated for metastatic MCC in the EU. Patients with metastatic MCC face a very poor prognosis, with less than 20 percent surviving beyond five years. [3]     (Logo:  http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO )      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161028/433902LOGO ) "While early-stage Merkel cell carcinoma can be generally managed with surgery, there are significant unmet needs in metastatic disease, where treatment options are severely limited," said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We are pleased that the EMA is initiating its review of avelumab, as this means we are one step closer to bringing a much-needed new treatment option to European patients." "This is the first of what we hope will be many regulatory milestones for avelumab," said Chris Boshoff, M.D., Ph.D., Senior Vice President and Head of Immuno-oncology, Early Development and Translational Oncology, Pfizer Global Product Development. "We are committed to evaluating avelumab in a number of hard-to-treat cancers, and we believe it may have potential to be an important treatment option for patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma." The avelumab metastatic MCC MAA submission is supported by data from JAVELIN Merkel 200, a multicenter, single-arm, open-label, Phase II study of 88 patients with metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed after at least one chemotherapy treatment. [1] The JAVELIN Merkel 200 study represents the largest data set of any anti-PD-L1/PD-1 antibody reported in this patient population. These data were recently published in the Lancet Oncology. [1] Avelumab received an Orphan Drug Designation (ODD) from the European Commission for MCC. To qualify for an ODD in the EU, a medicine must be intended for the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of a disease that is life-threatening or chronically debilitating; the prevalence of the condition in the EU must not be more than 5 in 10,000, or it must be unlikely that marketing of the medicine would generate sufficient returns to justify the investment needed for its development; and it must be for a disease where no satisfactory treatment is currently available. [4] The clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves at least 30 clinical programs and over 2,900 patients evaluated across more than 15 different tumor types. In addition to metastatic MCC, these cancers include breast, gastric/gastro-esophageal junction, head and neck, Hodgkin's lymphoma, melanoma, mesothelioma, non-small cell lung, ovarian, renal cell carcinoma and urothelial (primarily bladder). *Avelumab is not approved for any indication in any market. This marks the first acceptance of an EU market authorization application to review the safety and efficacy results for the investigational product avelumab.  References  About Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma (MCC)   Metastatic MCC is a rare and aggressive disease in which cancer cells form in the top layer of the skin, close to nerve endings. [1],[5] MCC, which is also known as neuroendocrine carcinoma of the skin or trabecular cancer, often starts in those areas of skin that are most often exposed to the sun, including the head and neck, and arms. [6] Risk factors for MCC include sun exposure and having a weak immune system (i.e., solid organ transplant recipients, people with HIV/AIDS and people with other cancers, such as chronic lymphocytic leukemia, are at higher risk). Caucasian males older than 50 are at increased risk. [5] MCC is often misdiagnosed for other skin cancers and grows at an exponential rate on chronically sun-damaged skin.  [7]-[10] Current treatment options for MCC include surgery, radiation and chemotherapy. [8]Treatment for Metastatic or Stage IV MCC is generally palliative. About Avelumab   Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational, fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody. By inhibiting PD-L1 interactions, avelumab is thought to enable the activation of T-cells and the adaptive immune system. By retaining a native Fc-region, avelumab is thought to potentially engage the innate immune system and induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC). In November 2014, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. In the JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial, treatment-related adverse events (AEs) occurred in 62 (70%) of 88 patients including fatigue and infusion-related reactions. Five grade 3 treatment-related AEs were reported in four of 88 patients and include two patients with lymphopenia and three patients with isolated laboratory abnormalities (elevated blood creatine phosphokinase, blood cholesterol, and hepatic aminotransferase). [1] There were no grade 4 treatment-related AEs or deaths related to treatment. [1] No patients in the trial discontinued treatment with avelumab permanently due to AEs; however, AEs leading to temporary treatment discontinuation of avelumab were anemia, diarrhea, and increased ALT in one patient each. [1] About Merck-Pfizer Alliance   Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck and Pfizer. The global strategic alliance between Merck and Pfizer enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an investigational anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab, as a monotherapy, as well as combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to  www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. For further details and press materials about Merck in oncology please visit www.merckgroup.com/en/media/media_center_oncology.html About Merck   Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world [ ® ] At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of healthcare products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines, as well as many of the world's best-known consumer healthcare products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, Pfizer has worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. To learn more, please visit us at  http://www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, follow us on Twitter at  @Pfizer and  @Pfizer_News,  LinkedIn   and like us on Facebook at  Facebook.com/Pfizer. Pfizer Disclosure Notice   The information contained in this release is as of October 31, 2016. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about avelumab (MSB0010718C), including a potential indication for avelumab for the treatment of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (the "Potential Indications"), Pfizer's and Merck's immuno-oncology alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in other jurisdictions for the Potential Indication or whether and when drug applications may be filed in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for avelumab, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when the MAA for the Potential Indication or any such applications may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of avelumab, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at  http://www.sec.gov and  http://www.pfizer.com. Your Contacts Merck Media Gangolf Schrimpf +49-6151-72-9591 Investor Relations   +49-6151-72-3321Pfizer Media (US)Sally Beatty +1-212-733-6566 Media (EU)Lisa O'Neill +44-1737-331536 Investor RelationsRyan Crowe +1-212-733-8160 Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: enUK201610281239_Immedia, en-US, Salute_E_Benessere Chimica_E_Farmacia Chimica_E_Farmacia , Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Tg AdnKronos, 14 novembre 2016 Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Nuova Zelanda, terremoto e allarme tsunami. Ci sono vittime /Video /Foto 2. Sole24ore, Boccia: "Si avvicina piano lacrime e sangue" 3. 'Rossi dà un calcio a una tifosa', la Spagna contro il Dottore /Video 4. Muore dopo una festa, addio al rapper di X Factor /Video 5. Terremoto in Nuova Zelanda, in piscina arrivano le onde /Video Video Dal botox a XFactor, Robbie Williams scatenato su radio 105 Tg AdnKronos, 14 novembre 2016 Tutti con il naso all'insù, è Super-Luna Day L'Astroblogger, per Trump (Gemelli) inizio 2017 in salita Arriva l'acchiappa-auto, per fermare chi scappa dalla polizia I 'Martedì critici’ tornano in mostra con gli anni Zero fino al 2016 Missione umanitaria in Siria per 7 medici italiani Il cinema del futuro sbarca al Torino Film Festival Reaction Roma, al Macro Pelanda una videoinstallazione per raccontare la capitale In Evidenza Ricerca personale Sviluppo Business - Settore medico-scientifico All'AdnKronos Museum le 'porte aperte' di Ramon Llinas I Vila contro la guerra /Foto 'Sei in un Paese meraviglioso' Ecomondo – la Fiera Internazionale del Recupero di Materiale ed Energia e dello Sviluppo Sostenibile Coca-Cola Hbc Italia-Autogrill-Banco Alimentare, 300mila pasti per famiglie in difficoltà Oli lubrificanti usati, il 99% avviato a riciclo In moto per l'ambiente: Coou all'Eicma per promuovere la raccolta di olii usati /Video In viaggio multisensoriale fra luoghi del gusto all'Artigiano in Fiera' Alimentazione e sicurezza alimentare Calcio, il campionato di Lega Pro si sintonizza su Rds /Video Piccinini (Inca Cgil): "Troppo poche denunce malattie professionali nei trasporti" Consorzio oli usati a Eicma con le gare di slot, 'In moto per l'ambiente' Indagine Regus, in Italia 'smart working' possibile per 5 mln di lavoratori /Video Simest: meno costosi e più snelli finanziamenti internazionalizzazione pmi Nuovi scenari nel trattamento del mieloma multiplo Meningite, parliamone prima Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro Tech Care. Dalla cura al prendersi cura Randstad Regional Award 2016 ENAV: una nuova storia tutta da raccontare Il Giubileo di Francesco /Speciale Adnkronos Speciale Incentivi Speciale Consulenza per il lavoro   Seguici 378333 3408 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Startseite Blaulicht Abo Über Empfohlene Themen Auto / Verkehr People Gesundheit / Medizin Medien / Kultur Politik Tourismus / Urlaub Weitere Themen Bau / Immobilien Fashion / Beauty Finanzen Handel Netzwelt Panorama Presseschau Soziales Sport Umwelt Wirtschaft Wissen / Bildung Meldungen filtern Alle Meldungen Land/Sprache Schweiz Deutsch Deutschland Suisse Français MELDUNG EINSTELLEN Abonnieren Sie Ihre Themen mit der Presseportal-App. Newsroom-Abo Schließen Abonnieren Sie alle Meldungen von Merck and Pfizer 31.10.2016 – 08:01 Merck and Pfizer European Medicines Agency Validates the Marketing Authorization Application for Avelumab for the Treatment of Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma Darmstadt, Germany and New York (ots/PRNewswire) - Not intended for UK-based media - If approved, avelumab, an investigational anti-PD-L1 IgG1, could be
  the first treatment indicated for patients with metastatic Merkel 
  cell carcinoma  
- The Marketing Authorization Application is based on Phase II data 
  from the JAVELIN Merkel 200 study demonstrating meaningful tumor 
  responses in patients with metastatic disease that progressed after
  prior chemotherapy   
- JAVELIN Merkel 200 is the largest reported anti-PD-L1/PD-1 antibody
  study in this patient population    Merck and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC), a rare and aggressive skin cancer, which impacts approximately 2,500 Europeans a year.[1],[2] Validation of the MAA confirms that submission is complete and begins the EMA's centralized review process.* If approved, avelumab, an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody, could be the first approved treatment indicated for metastatic MCC in the EU. Patients with metastatic MCC face a very poor prognosis, with less than 20 percent surviving beyond five years.[3] 

(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161028/433902LOGO ) "While early-stage Merkel cell carcinoma can be generally managed with surgery, there are significant unmet needs in metastatic disease, where treatment options are severely limited," said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We are pleased that the EMA is initiating its review of avelumab, as this means we are one step closer to bringing a much-needed new treatment option to European patients." "This is the first of what we hope will be many regulatory milestones for avelumab," said Chris Boshoff, M.D., Ph.D., Senior Vice President and Head of Immuno-oncology, Early Development and Translational Oncology, Pfizer Global Product Development. "We are committed to evaluating avelumab in a number of hard-to-treat cancers, and we believe it may have potential to be an important treatment option for patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma." The avelumab metastatic MCC MAA submission is supported by data from JAVELIN Merkel 200, a multicenter, single-arm, open-label, Phase II study of 88 patients with metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed after at least one chemotherapy treatment.[1] The JAVELIN Merkel 200 study represents the largest data set of any anti-PD-L1/PD-1 antibody reported in this patient population. These data were recently published in the Lancet Oncology.[1] Avelumab received an Orphan Drug Designation (ODD) from the European Commission for MCC. To qualify for an ODD in the EU, a medicine must be intended for the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of a disease that is life-threatening or chronically debilitating; the prevalence of the condition in the EU must not be more than 5 in 10,000, or it must be unlikely that marketing of the medicine would generate sufficient returns to justify the investment needed for its development; and it must be for a disease where no satisfactory treatment is currently available.[4] The clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves at least 30 clinical programs and over 2,900 patients evaluated across more than 15 different tumor types. In addition to metastatic MCC, these cancers include breast, gastric/gastro-esophageal junction, head and neck, Hodgkin's lymphoma, melanoma, mesothelioma, non-small cell lung, ovarian, renal cell carcinoma and urothelial (primarily bladder). *Avelumab is not approved for any indication in any market. This marks the first acceptance of an EU market authorization application to review the safety and efficacy results for the investigational product avelumab. References  1. Kaufman HL et al. Avelumab in patients with 
    chemotherapy-refractory metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma: a 
    multicentre, single-group, open-label, phase 2 trial. Lancet 
    Oncology 2016;17(10);1374-85.
 2. IMMOMEC (European Commission). Merkel Cell Carcinoma. http://www.
    immomec.eu/project/objectives/background/merkel-cell-carcinoma/. 
    Last accessed October 2016.
 3. Lemos B, et al. Pathologic nodal evaluation improves prognostic 
    accuracy in Merkel cell carcinoma: Analysis of 5,823 cases as the
    basis of the first consensus staging system for this cancer. 
    Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology 2010;63:751-761.
 4. European Medicines Agency. Orphan designation. http://www.ema.eur
    opa.eu/ema/index.jsp?curl=pages/regulation/general/general_conten
    t_000029.jsp. Last accessed October 2016.
 5. National Cancer Institute. Merkel cell carcinoma 
    treatment-patient version (PDQ®). http://www.cancer.gov/types/ski
    n/patient/merkel-cell-treatment-pdq. Last accessed October 2016.
 6. American Cancer Society. What is Merkel cell carcinoma? http://ww
    w.cancer.org/cancer/skincancer-merkelcell/detailedguide/skin-canc
    er-merkel-cell-carcinoma-what-is-merkel-cell-carcinoma. Last 
    accessed October 2016.
 7. Desch L and Kuntsfeld R. Merkel cell carcinoma: chemotherapy and 
    emerging new therapeutic options. Journal of Skin Cancer. 
    2013(2013):327150. http://dx.doi.org/10.1155/2013/327150
 8. Heath M, Jaimes N and Lemos B. Clinical characteristics of Merkel
    cell carcinoma at diagnosis in 195 patients: the AEIOU features. 
    Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology. 2008;58:375-81. 
 http://www.pnlab.org/clinical/documents/ClinCharacteristics.pdf
 9. Poulsen M. Merkel cell carcinoma of skin: diagnosis and 
    management strategies. Drugs Aging. 2005;22(3):219-29.
10. Swann MH and Yoon J. Merkel cell carcinoma. Seminars in Oncology.
    2008;34(1):51-56.
11. NCCN Merkel Cell Carcinoma Guidelines version I. 2017. 
 http://www.nccn.org/professionals/physician_gls/PDF/mcc.pdf. Last
    accessed October 2016. About Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma (MCC) Metastatic MCC is a rare and aggressive disease in which cancer cells form in the top layer of the skin, close to nerve endings.[1],[5] MCC, which is also known as neuroendocrine carcinoma of the skin or trabecular cancer, often starts in those areas of skin that are most often exposed to the sun, including the head and neck, and arms.[6] Risk factors for MCC include sun exposure and having a weak immune system (i.e., solid organ transplant recipients, people with HIV/AIDS and people with other cancers, such as chronic lymphocytic leukemia, are at higher risk). Caucasian males older than 50 are at increased risk.[5] MCC is often misdiagnosed for other skin cancers and grows at an exponential rate on chronically sun-damaged skin. [7]-[10] Current treatment options for MCC include surgery, radiation and chemotherapy.[8]Treatment for Metastatic or Stage IV MCC is generally palliative. About Avelumab Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational, fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody. By inhibiting PD-L1 interactions, avelumab is thought to enable the activation of T-cells and the adaptive immune system. By retaining a native Fc-region, avelumab is thought to potentially engage the innate immune system and induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC). In November 2014, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. In the JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial, treatment-related adverse events (AEs) occurred in 62 (70%) of 88 patients including fatigue and infusion-related reactions. Five grade 3 treatment-related AEs were reported in four of 88 patients and include two patients with lymphopenia and three patients with isolated laboratory abnormalities (elevated blood creatine phosphokinase, blood cholesterol, and hepatic aminotransferase).[1] There were no grade 4 treatment-related AEs or deaths related to treatment.[1] No patients in the trial discontinued treatment with avelumab permanently due to AEs; however, AEs leading to temporary treatment discontinuation of avelumab were anemia, diarrhea, and increased ALT in one patient each.[1] About Merck-Pfizer Alliance Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck and Pfizer. The global strategic alliance between Merck and Pfizer enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an investigational anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab, as a monotherapy, as well as combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. For further details and press materials about Merck in oncology please visit www.merckgroup.com/en/media/media_center_oncology.html About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world[® ] At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of healthcare products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines, as well as many of the world's best-known consumer healthcare products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, Pfizer has worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. To learn more, please visit us at http://www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer (http://cts.businesswire.com/ct/CT?id=smartlink&url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fpfizer&esheet=51356409&newsitemid=20160606005771&lan=en-US&anchor=%40Pfizer&index=4&md5=e87fe5c6856741051dc884b6867e3ffa) and @Pfizer_News (http://cts.businesswire.com/ct/CT?id=smartlink&url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fpfizer_news&esheet=51356409&newsitemid=20160606005771&lan=en-US&anchor=%40Pfizer_News&index=5&md5=cf5e63756f6ab5c12fc077e5e90068e3), LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/pfizer) and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer (http://cts.businesswire.com/ct/CT?id=smartlink&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FPfizer&esheet=51356409&newsitemid=20160606005771&lan=en-US&anchor=Facebook.com%2FPfizer&index=7&md5=288d5bd99c7df784e0916061c5cfd713). Pfizer Disclosure Notice The information contained in this release is as of October 31, 2016. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about avelumab (MSB0010718C), including a potential indication for avelumab for the treatment of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (the "Potential Indications"), Pfizer's and Merck's immuno-oncology alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in other jurisdictions for the Potential Indication or whether and when drug applications may be filed in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for avelumab, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when the MAA for the Potential Indication or any such applications may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of avelumab, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at http://www.sec.gov and http://www.pfizer.com. Your Contacts Merck Media

Gangolf Schrimpf

+49-6151-72-9591 Investor Relations  

+49-6151-72-3321
Pfizer Media (US)

Sally Beatty

+1-212-733-6566 Media (EU)

Lisa O'Neill

+44-1737-331536 Investor Relations

Ryan Crowe

+1-212-733-8160  Original-Content von: Merck and Pfizer, übermittelt durch news aktuell Themen in dieser Meldung Panorama Medizin Gesundheit Das könnte Sie auch interessieren: Robbie Williams: "Wir haben dieses unglaubliche Haus in Beverly Hills. Ich habe oft das Gefühl, dass mich nur irgendein reicher Onkel dort wohnen lässt." OVB Holding AG liefert honorarfreies Bildmaterial für den Zwischenbericht zum 30. September 2016 am 10.11.2017 Reisebank-Goldstudie zeigt: Deutsche besitzen mittlerweile 2,5-mal so viel Gold wie die Bundesbank Raus aus dem "Ertrags- und Effizienz-Dilemma": neue Outbound-Strategien für eine neue Einladungskultur in Banken und Sparkassen 155.000 Beschäftigte in Apotheken: EuGH-Urteil gefährdet Arbeitsplätze Der »Preis für Verständigung und Toleranz« geht dieses Jahr an die Zeitzeuginnen Renate Lasker Harpprecht, Anita Lasker Wallfisch und den Unternehmer Hasso Plattner Zuckersteuer gegen Diabetes - Umfrage: Zur Vorbeugung von Krankheiten sollten Lebensmittel mit viel Zucker nach Meinung vieler Deutscher deutlich teurer werden Raus aus dem "Ertrags- und Effizienz-Dilemma": das Konzept der FAIRkaufsberatung der QIDF Großer Zapfenstreich anlässlich des 60-jährigen Jubiläums der Deutschen Marine Die Presseportal App Mit news aktuell erreichen Sie immer die richtigen Menschen Unser Verbreitungsnetzwerk ots sorgt für optimale Reichweite und Relevanz. Mit news aktuell erreichen Sie immer die richtigen Menschen Unser Produktionsservice studio macht Ihre Story multimedial erlebbar. Impressum Inhalte abonnieren Kontakt Nutzungsrechte Textversion Jobs Mediadaten Sitemap API Newsrooms A-Z Feeds Datenschutz
europa press Abonados Europa Press Abonados Últimas Noticias España España Opinión Internacional Internacional África Asia Norteamérica Europa Oriente Próximo Elecciones EEUU 2016 Economía Economía Macroeconomía Empresas Finanzas Energía Construcción Transportes Legal Laboral Fiscal Bolsa Deportes Deportes Fútbol Motociclismo F1 Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Eurocopa 2016 Tarragona 2017 Olimpiadas Danone Nations Cup Otros deportes Circuito Running Universitario Vídeos de Fútbol Cultura Cultura Cine Música Críticas Exposiciones Libros TV Cartelera Sociedad Sociedad Educación Medio Ambiente Consumo Sucesos Salud Comunicados Moving for Climate NOW Autonomías Andalucía Andalucía Almería Cádiz Córdoba Granada Huelva Jaén Málaga Sevilla Turismo Educación Cooperación Economía y Conocimiento Fundación Cajasol Plan Supera Sevilla Jaén, Paraíso Interior Córdoba Única Costa de Almería Cádiz al Día Puertos del Estado EsAndalucía Aragón Aragón Huesca Teruel Zaragoza Cantabria Cantabria Cantabria Sostenible Cantabria Infinita Cantabria Cultura y Deporte Cantabria XXI Castilla-La Mancha Castilla-La Mancha Albacete Ciudad Real Cuenca Guadalajara Toledo Castilla y León Castilla y León Ávila Burgos León Palencia Salamanca Segovia Soria Valladolid Zamora Catalunya Catalunya Barcelona Girona Lleida Tarragona Fira de Barcelona Barcelona Economías Extremadura Extremadura Badajoz Cáceres Cáceres Provincial Galicia Galicia A Coruña Lugo Ourense Pontevedra Galego Galicia Rural Pesca Galicia Islas Canarias Islas Canarias Las Palmas S.C de Tenerife Gran Canaria Islas Baleares Madrid Madrid CEU Ifema País Vasco País Vasco Álava Guipuzcoa Vizcaya Euskera La Rioja C. Valenciana Comunidad Valenciana Alicante Castellón Valencia Valencià Valencià Comunitat Valenciana Espanya Internacional Cultura Esport Innova Cultura Navarra Asturias Asturias Asturianu Asturias Rural Murcia Ceuta y Melilla Ciencia Ciencia Misiones Espaciales Astronomia Hábitat y Clima Ruinas y Fósiles Laboratorio Comunicados Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs Europa Press Comunicación Chance Chance Famosos Realeza Belleza Moda Cine y Música TV Lifestyle Vídeos Portaltic Portaltic Internet Social Media Gadgets Videojuegos Software Empresa Portalgeek Sector EPSocial EPSocial Derechos Humanos Migración Infancia Cooperación y Desarrollo Igualdad Punto Crítico Responsables Notimérica Notimérica Iberoamérica México Brasil Argentina Chile Colombia Perú Bolivia Costa Rica Cuba Ecuador Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panamá Paraguay Puerto Rico República Dominicana El Salvador Uruguay Venezuela Turismo Turismo Actualidad Nacional En el Mundo Transportes Aeropuertos Aerolíneas Tren Navieras Otros Hoteles y Agencias Hoteles Agencias y TTOO Corporativo Cruceros Turismo Verde Destino España España Verde Pirineos Costa del Sol Costa Blanca Costa Dorada Costa Brava Costa de la Luz Costa Cálida Canarias Baleares Turismo Urbano Grandes Viajes Cultura Ocio Cultura Ocio Series & TV Cine Música Cartelera Vídeos Ocio en Casa Infosalus Infosalus Salud Farmacia Actualidad Mujer Nutrición Estética Asistencia Mayores Enfermedades Alergología Aparato Respiratorio Endocrinología y Nutrición Medicina Deportiva Oftalmología Psiquiatría Aparato Digestivo Cardiología Ginecología Neurología Oncología Traumatología Aparato Locomotor Dematología Infecciosas Odontología Pediatría Urología Desconecta Desconecta Curiosity Lifestyle Animal Party Viral Matchball Memes Motor Motor Coches Motos Industriales Sector Seguridad Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Impulsamos Impulsamos Economía responsable Emprendedores Empleo Innovación Consumo sostenible Eficiencia energética Integración Vida saludable Buen gobierno Servicios Servicios Europa Press Tiempo Tráfico Cartelera Sorteos Guia TV Horóscopo Especiales Elecciones Gallegas 25S Elecciones Vascas 25S Elecciones 26J Eurocopa 2016 Niños rotos por la guerra Lotería de Navidad 2016 Comunicados Internacional / COMUNICADO: European Medicines Agency Validates the Marketing Authorization Application for Avelumab for the Treatment of Metastatic Menéalo Comparte en Facebook Comparte en Twitter Comparte en Linkedin   Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs - Europa Press Comunicación - Comunicados Internacional Siguiente noticia Donald Trump promete cobrar 1 dólar: esto es lo que ganan otros líderes mundiales Noticia anterior Snowden alerta de un incremento del espionaje del Estado tras la victoria de Trump COMUNICADO: European Medicines Agency Validates the Marketing Authorization Application for Avelumab for the Treatment of Metastatic Publicado 31/10/2016 8:02:03CET DARMSTADT, Germany and NEW YORK, October 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK-based media  - If approved, avelumab, an investigational anti-PD-L1 IgG1, could be the first treatment indicated for patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma   - The Marketing Authorization Application is based on Phase II data from the JAVELIN Merkel 200 study demonstrating meaningful tumor responses in patients with metastatic disease that progressed after prior chemotherapy    - JAVELIN Merkel 200 is the largest reported anti-PD-L1/PD-1 antibody study in this patient population    Merck and Pfizer Inc. today announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC), a rare and aggressive skin cancer, which impacts approximately 2,500 Europeans a year.[1],[2]  Validation of the MAA confirms that submission is complete and begins the EMA's centralized review process.* If approved, avelumab, an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody, could be the first approved treatment indicated for metastatic MCC in the EU. Patients with metastatic MCC face a very poor prognosis, with less than 20 percent surviving beyond five years.[3] (Logo:  http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161028/433902LOGO ) "While early-stage Merkel cell carcinoma can be generally managed with surgery, there are significant unmet needs in metastatic disease, where treatment options are severely limited," said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We are pleased that the EMA is initiating its review of avelumab, as this means we are one step closer to bringing a much-needed new treatment option to European patients." "This is the first of what we hope will be many regulatory milestones for avelumab," said Chris Boshoff, M.D., Ph.D., Senior Vice President and Head of Immuno-oncology, Early Development and Translational Oncology, Pfizer Global Product Development. "We are committed to evaluating avelumab in a number of hard-to-treat cancers, and we believe it may have potential to be an important treatment option for patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma." The avelumab metastatic MCC MAA submission is supported by data from JAVELIN Merkel 200, a multicenter, single-arm, open-label, Phase II study of 88 patients with metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed after at least one chemotherapy treatment.[1] The JAVELIN Merkel 200 study represents the largest data set of any anti-PD-L1/PD-1 antibody reported in this patient population. These data were recently published in the Lancet Oncology.[1] Avelumab received an Orphan Drug Designation (ODD) from the European Commission for MCC. To qualify for an ODD in the EU, a medicine must be intended for the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of a disease that is life-threatening or chronically debilitating; the prevalence of the condition in the EU must not be more than 5 in 10,000, or it must be unlikely that marketing of the medicine would generate sufficient returns to justify the investment needed for its development; and it must be for a disease where no satisfactory treatment is currently available.[4] The clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves at least 30 clinical programs and over 2,900 patients evaluated across more than 15 different tumor types. In addition to metastatic MCC, these cancers include breast, gastric/gastro-esophageal junction, head and neck, Hodgkin's lymphoma, melanoma, mesothelioma, non-small cell lung, ovarian, renal cell carcinoma and urothelial (primarily bladder). *Avelumab is not approved for any indication in any market. This marks the first acceptance of an EU market authorization application to review the safety and efficacy results for the investigational product avelumab.  References  1) Kaufman HL et al. Avelumab in patients with chemotherapy-refractory metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma: a multicentre, single-group, open-label, phase 2 trial. Lancet Oncology 2016;17(10);1374-85. 2) IMMOMEC (European Commission). Merkel Cell Carcinoma. http://www.immomec.eu/project/objectives/background/merkel-cell-carcinoma . Last accessed October 2016. 3) Lemos B, et al. Pathologic nodal evaluation improves prognostic accuracy in Merkel cell carcinoma: Analysis of 5,823 cases as the basis of the first consensus staging system for this cancer. Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology 2010;63:751-761. 4) European Medicines Agency. Orphan designation. http://www.ema.europa.eu/ema/index.jsp?curl=pages/regulation/general/general_content_000029.jsp . Last accessed October 2016. 5) National Cancer Institute. Merkel cell carcinoma treatment-patient version (PDQ(R) ). http://www.cancer.gov/types/skin/patient/merkel-cell-treatment-pdq. Last accessed October 2016. 6) American Cancer Society. What is Merkel cell carcinoma? http://www.cancer.org/cancer/skincancer-merkelcell/detailedguide/skin-cancer-merkel-cell-carcinoma-what-is-merkel-cell-carcinoma . Last accessed October 2016. 7) Desch L and Kuntsfeld R. Merkel cell carcinoma: chemotherapy and emerging new therapeutic options. Journal of Skin Cancer. 2013(2013) :327150. http://dx.doi.org/10.1155/2013/327150 8) Heath M, Jaimes N and Lemos B. Clinical characteristics of Merkel cell carcinoma at diagnosis in 195 patients: the AEIOU features. Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology. 2008;58:375-81. http://www.pnlab.org/clinical/documents/ClinCharacteristics.pdf 9) Poulsen M. Merkel cell carcinoma of skin: diagnosis and management strategies. Drugs Aging. 2005;22(3):219-29. 10) Swann MH and Yoon J. Merkel cell carcinoma. Seminars in Oncology. 2008;34(1):51-56. 11) NCCN Merkel Cell Carcinoma Guidelines version I. 2017. http://www.nccn.org/professionals/physician_gls/PDF/mcc.pdf. Last accessed October 2016. About Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma (MCC)   Metastatic MCC is a rare and aggressive disease in which cancer cells form in the top layer of the skin, close to nerve endings.[1],[5] MCC, which is also known as neuroendocrine carcinoma of the skin or trabecular cancer, often starts in those areas of skin that are most often exposed to the sun, including the head and neck, and arms.[6]  Risk factors for MCC include sun exposure and having a weak immune system (i.e., solid organ transplant recipients, people with HIV/AIDS and people with other cancers, such as chronic lymphocytic leukemia, are at higher risk). Caucasian males older than 50 are at increased risk.[5] MCC is often misdiagnosed for other skin cancers and grows at an exponential rate on chronically sun-damaged skin. [7]-[10] Current treatment options for MCC include surgery, radiation and chemotherapy.[8]Treatment for Metastatic or Stage IV MCC is generally palliative. About Avelumab   (CONTINUA) Últimas noticias Elecciones EEUU Donald Trump Superluna Rajoy Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Últimas noticias / Comunicados Lunes, 14 de Noviembre 20:14Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: Zain / Mobily Arbitration Panel Judgement Rejects 90% of Mobily's SAR2.2 Billion Claim 18:40Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: Los sofás del futuro que llegarán a nuestros hogares 18:32Comunicados Empresas COMUNICADO: 20 cuantos absurdos y un adiós desesperado 18:10Comunicados Salud COMUNICADO: Aumentan los problemas sexuales entre jóvenes y adolescentes 18:05Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: Secretario de Seguridad de Quito firmará en breve un convenio con Método Arcón 18:00Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: El amor como una de las causas de la ansiedad de los españoles 17:56Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: El dinero ya no es excusa para no viajar 17:52Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: 4 regalos originales y útiles para estas Navidades 17:44Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO:El e-commerce es uno de los principales impulsores de la transformación digital 17:40Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: Extell Development lanza las ventas en One Manhattan Square 17:39Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: Silvia Leal urge a promover el emprendimiento de la mano de la evolución digital 17:25Comunicados Salud COMUNICADO: Sugerencias de recuperación tras un parto 17:22Comunicados Empresas COMUNICADO: Claves para negocios tecnológicos 17:20Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: El abogado penalista como medio de defensa de la libertad 17:18Comunicados TIC COMUNICADO: El auge del Cloud sigue su camino en España 17:17Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: Clarivate Analytics promueve avances en proceso de investigación científica con el lanzamiento de EndNote X8 16:53Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: TE Connectivity informa de que la conexión digital de nuestras vidas necesitará confianza e innovación 16:52Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: Es presenten a Paris els FCBARCELONA PHOTO AWARDS 16:48Comunicados Empresas COMUNICADO: Redk se consolida en Reino Unido con la adquisición de The Sugar Refinery 16:25Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: El edredón nórdico que mejor se adapta a tus necesidades Más noticias   Lo más leído Portada europa press 1 Donald Trump promete cobrar 1 dólar: esto es lo que ganan otros líderes mundiales 2 Las ofertas de Adidas, Oysho, Amazon y otros para el Black Friday 2016 3 Podemos devuelve los microcréditos con los que sus bases financiaron su campaña del 20D 4 PSOE, Ciudadanos y Podemos se unirán mañana para paralizar en el Congreso la LOMCE 5 GH 17: Muere el padre de Barbara, después de que su hija abandonase el reality Hoy Una semana Un mes La actualidad más visitada en europa press Internacional Donald Trump promete cobrar 1 dólar: esto es lo que ganan otros líderes mundiales Economía Finanzas Las ofertas de Adidas, Oysho, Amazon y otros para el Black Friday 2016 España Podemos devuelve los microcréditos con los que sus bases financiaron su campaña del 20D europa press Contacto Aviso legal Catálogo RSS Portal de actualidad y noticias de la Agencia Europa Press. Publicación digital auditada por OJD. © 2016 Europa Press. Está expresamente prohibida la redistribución y la redifusión de todo o parte de los contenidos de esta web sin su previo y expreso consentimiento. Este sitio web utiliza cookies propias y de terceros, puedes ver nuestra política de cookies - Aceptar Uso de cookies
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Will This Trend Cost Biotech Stock Investors Lots of Money? Merck, Regeneron, Sanofi, and Amgen have at least one thing in common: All signed pay-for-performance drug-pricing deals. How will this drug-pricing trend affect biotechs and their investors? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Oct 30, 2016 at 3:06PM A new approach for how payers reimburse for drugs is gaining traction. Merck (NYSE:MRK) became the latest to jump on board. The drugmaker forged a pay-for-performance deal with Aetna for diabetes drugs Januvia and Janumet. But could this trend wind up costing biotech investors lots of money? Image source: Getty Images. Pay for performance The idea behind pay-for-performance drug pricing is just what the name implies. Instead setting a price for a given drug, a biotech or pharmaceutical company would receive payment based on how well the drug controls or cures the targeted indication. This isn't a new concept. European countries have used the pay-for-performance approach, also known as value-based pricing, for years. However, that hasn't been the case in the U.S. until recently. With many high-cost specialty drugs now on the market, though, U.S. payers are pushing the pay-for-performance model. A 2015 survey conducted by Avalere Health found that payers are increasingly expressing interest in paying for performance. That interest level depends, though, on the targeted indication. Over half of payers responding to the Avalere survey said they were at least moderately interested in pay-for-performance deals on drugs treating hepatitis C, multiple sclerosis, oncology, and rheumatoid arthritis.  And it's no coincidence that payers are most interested in seeing pay-for-performance pricing for the indications with the most expensive drugs. Impact on biotechs What does this trend mean for biotechs and their investors? The pay-for-performance deal for type 2 diabetes treatments Januvia and Janumet could be a good thing for Merck. Although both drugs continue to generate solid revenue, Merck faces competition from a newer class of diabetes drugs. Agreeing to be paid based on how well its drugs control diabetes could squeeze more revenue out of the aging drugs than the company would have otherwise received. How? Aetna will steer patients toward using the drugs instead of newer rivals. The dynamics are different in other scenarios, though. Regeneron (NASDAQ:REGN) and Sanofi (NYSE:SNY) inked a pay-for-performance agreement with Cigna for new cholesterol drug Praluent. But this deal won't give Regeneron and Sanofi a competitive advantage. Rival Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN) forged a similar agreement for Repatha. If real-world results don't match up to clinical study results, then the new pricing model will cause Regeneron, Sanofi, and Amgen to make less money on their cholesterol drugs than they would have under a traditional pricing model. The companies are already making less money than they'd hoped, though not because of the pay-for-performance deals. Sales of both Praluent and Repatha have started out relatively slowly as payers restrict authorizing reimbursement for the drugs pending the results of cardiovascular outcomes studies. The good news is that the biotechs gain access to patients they may not have reached without such a deal in place. For example, Cigna and other payers would be reluctant to embrace Regeneron's and Sanofi's costly cholesterol drugs without some guarantee of their effectiveness. Pay for performance might make the most significant impact when a drug is approved for multiple indications. Amgen's Kyprolis, for example, is currently approved as a treatment for relapsed multiple myeloma in combination with other drugs after a previous treatment was unsuccessful. Kyprolis is also in a couple of clinical studies, one for treating newly diagnosed multiple myeloma and another for small-cell lung cancer. Unlike Repatha, Kyprolis does not have a pay-for-performance deal right now. But let's suppose it did. Let's also suppose that Kyprolis ultimately wins approval for the two indications for which it is being evaluated in clinical studies, but it isn't as effective for those indications as it is for relapsed multiple myeloma. Under a pay-for-performance arrangement, Amgen would receive less money for the other two indications. Survival of the fittest Pay-for-performance drug pricing is likely here to stay. If the current deals that various drugmakers have made save money for payers, expect the approach to expand to more types of drugs. Will the trend cost biotechs and their investors lots of money? Probably, yes. Biotechs will likely make less money on their drugs than they have in the past. That will impact earnings growth, and it could mean that biotech stocks don't skyrocket to the extent they have in previous years. But it was inevitable that payers would push back on mounting drug costs. Something had to change. Pay-for-performance pricing still allows biotechs to make plenty of money on new drugs that work well. Those that don't work as well won't be as lucrative. Biotech companies are used to the "survival of the fittest" nature of drug research. -- and they're probably about to experience the Darwinian concept to a higher degree than ever before. Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Oct 30, 2016 at 3:06PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.53 down $0.42 (-0.66%) Sanofi NYSE:SNY $41.44 up $0.40 (0.97%) Amgen NASDAQ:AMGN $146.42 down $-1.62 (-1.09%) Regeneron Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:REGN $444.52 up $24.73 (5.89%) Read More Legal Dispute Puts Ionis Pharmaceuticals' Payday on Hold After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Merck's Mixed Q1 Results Are Marred By 1 Disappointing Drug Debut Get Paid While You Wait: 3 Top Big Pharma Dividend Stocks A Big Breakthrough for Ovarian Cancer Patients Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Will This Trend Cost Biotech Stock Investors Lots of Money? Merck, Regeneron, Sanofi, and Amgen have at least one thing in common: All signed pay-for-performance drug-pricing deals. How will this drug-pricing trend affect biotechs and their investors? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Oct 30, 2016 at 3:06PM A new approach for how payers reimburse for drugs is gaining traction. Merck (NYSE:MRK) became the latest to jump on board. The drugmaker forged a pay-for-performance deal with Aetna for diabetes drugs Januvia and Janumet. But could this trend wind up costing biotech investors lots of money? Image source: Getty Images. Pay for performance The idea behind pay-for-performance drug pricing is just what the name implies. Instead setting a price for a given drug, a biotech or pharmaceutical company would receive payment based on how well the drug controls or cures the targeted indication. This isn't a new concept. European countries have used the pay-for-performance approach, also known as value-based pricing, for years. However, that hasn't been the case in the U.S. until recently. With many high-cost specialty drugs now on the market, though, U.S. payers are pushing the pay-for-performance model. A 2015 survey conducted by Avalere Health found that payers are increasingly expressing interest in paying for performance. That interest level depends, though, on the targeted indication. Over half of payers responding to the Avalere survey said they were at least moderately interested in pay-for-performance deals on drugs treating hepatitis C, multiple sclerosis, oncology, and rheumatoid arthritis.  And it's no coincidence that payers are most interested in seeing pay-for-performance pricing for the indications with the most expensive drugs. Impact on biotechs What does this trend mean for biotechs and their investors? The pay-for-performance deal for type 2 diabetes treatments Januvia and Janumet could be a good thing for Merck. Although both drugs continue to generate solid revenue, Merck faces competition from a newer class of diabetes drugs. Agreeing to be paid based on how well its drugs control diabetes could squeeze more revenue out of the aging drugs than the company would have otherwise received. How? Aetna will steer patients toward using the drugs instead of newer rivals. The dynamics are different in other scenarios, though. Regeneron (NASDAQ:REGN) and Sanofi (NYSE:SNY) inked a pay-for-performance agreement with Cigna for new cholesterol drug Praluent. But this deal won't give Regeneron and Sanofi a competitive advantage. Rival Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN) forged a similar agreement for Repatha. If real-world results don't match up to clinical study results, then the new pricing model will cause Regeneron, Sanofi, and Amgen to make less money on their cholesterol drugs than they would have under a traditional pricing model. The companies are already making less money than they'd hoped, though not because of the pay-for-performance deals. Sales of both Praluent and Repatha have started out relatively slowly as payers restrict authorizing reimbursement for the drugs pending the results of cardiovascular outcomes studies. The good news is that the biotechs gain access to patients they may not have reached without such a deal in place. For example, Cigna and other payers would be reluctant to embrace Regeneron's and Sanofi's costly cholesterol drugs without some guarantee of their effectiveness. Pay for performance might make the most significant impact when a drug is approved for multiple indications. Amgen's Kyprolis, for example, is currently approved as a treatment for relapsed multiple myeloma in combination with other drugs after a previous treatment was unsuccessful. Kyprolis is also in a couple of clinical studies, one for treating newly diagnosed multiple myeloma and another for small-cell lung cancer. Unlike Repatha, Kyprolis does not have a pay-for-performance deal right now. But let's suppose it did. Let's also suppose that Kyprolis ultimately wins approval for the two indications for which it is being evaluated in clinical studies, but it isn't as effective for those indications as it is for relapsed multiple myeloma. Under a pay-for-performance arrangement, Amgen would receive less money for the other two indications. Survival of the fittest Pay-for-performance drug pricing is likely here to stay. If the current deals that various drugmakers have made save money for payers, expect the approach to expand to more types of drugs. Will the trend cost biotechs and their investors lots of money? Probably, yes. Biotechs will likely make less money on their drugs than they have in the past. That will impact earnings growth, and it could mean that biotech stocks don't skyrocket to the extent they have in previous years. But it was inevitable that payers would push back on mounting drug costs. Something had to change. Pay-for-performance pricing still allows biotechs to make plenty of money on new drugs that work well. Those that don't work as well won't be as lucrative. Biotech companies are used to the "survival of the fittest" nature of drug research. -- and they're probably about to experience the Darwinian concept to a higher degree than ever before. Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Oct 30, 2016 at 3:06PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.53 down $0.42 (-0.66%) Sanofi NYSE:SNY $41.44 up $0.40 (0.97%) Amgen NASDAQ:AMGN $146.42 down $-1.62 (-1.09%) Regeneron Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:REGN $444.52 up $24.73 (5.89%) Read More Legal Dispute Puts Ionis Pharmaceuticals' Payday on Hold After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Merck's Mixed Q1 Results Are Marred By 1 Disappointing Drug Debut Get Paid While You Wait: 3 Top Big Pharma Dividend Stocks A Big Breakthrough for Ovarian Cancer Patients Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Atheist Channel Blogs More Channels Public Square Politics Blue Politics Red Book Club Religion Library Home Atheist Channel Friendly Atheist Friendly Atheist Read more at FriendlyAtheist.com Get Patheos Atheist Newsletters Follow Patheos Atheist: Home Ask Richard Podcasts Speaking Contributors Media Contact/Submissions Books « Boston Archdiocese Will Spend $850,000 to Fight Marijuana Legalization A Fringe Church Selling “Miracle” Cures Just Got Outed By ABC News » Jill Stein Privately Invests in Global Deforestation and the Corporations She Publicly Attacks October 30, 2016 by Bo Gardiner Leave a Comment The Green Party presidential candidate whose campaign relies heavily on criticism of Monsanto, Merck, and Time Warner is a stockholder in all three. She also has significant investment ties to many companies involved in global deforestation, widespread chemical pollution, and human rights abuses. I learned these startling facts from taking a close look at Jill Stein‘s finances, a study in dramatic contradictions between her stated ideals and actions. I was prompted by a recent report in the Daily Beast on other aspects of this disconnect. Global replacement of virgin tropical rainforest with palm oil plantations is heavily financed by U.S. investors, including the Green Party’s Jill Stein. This is now the world’s greatest cause of deforestation, leaving orangutans, Sumatran tigers and many other species to face imminent extinction. Monsanto, GMOs, pesticides and toxins Stein rarely misses an opportunity to use her party’s greatest scare word Monsanto. The agribusiness that produces GMO seeds still remains the Greens’ symbol of evil, despite scientists — and increasingly, environmentalists — who say GMO crops increase yields, feed more starving people, and reduce both pesticide use and wildlife habitat loss. Stein says she wants GMOs banned and their producers jailed. Privately, however, the Greens’ crusader for purity invests her personal wealth heavily in GMO agribusiness, including the devil itself, Monsanto. Stein has invested between $0.8 and $1.7 million with the Vanguard Group, the world’s largest institutional holder of Monsanto stock (per NASDAQ on Oct 28). A Vanguard 500 Index report from June 30, 2016 showed a significant holding of Monsanto shares. Several of Stein’s Vanguard mutual funds that invest in Monsanto appear on a financial disclosure she filed on March 30, 2016 with the U.S. Office of Government Ethics. They include Vanguard Total Bond Market Index (VBTLX, VBMFX), Vanguard 500 Financial Index Fund (VFINX), and Vanguard 500 Index (VFIAX). Vanguard Group is the world’s largest institutional holder of Monsanto stock (NASDAQ, Oct. 28) Stein has invested between $0.8 and $1.7 million with the Vanguard Group. In fact, Stein is a shareholder, via Vanguard, in a Who’s Who of the world’s largest GMO and pesticide producers: Monsanto, DuPont, Archer Daniels Midland, Dow Chemical, ConAgra, and Amgen. These names all appear in the holdings lists (links above) for the specific Vanguard funds she owns. Stein is also an individual stockholder in chemical manufacturer 3M, with between $50,000-$100,000 in shares. 3M is a major name in environmental news for creating a now-banned dispersing agent of a type called PFCs (perfluorochemicals), or PFASs (poly- and perfluoroalkyl substances). PFASs persist without breaking down in the environment and have been found to be both toxic and bioaccumulative. They were so widely used, they’re now present around the world in our drinking water, bloodstreams, and wildlife, potentially increasing a range of health risks. Through Vanguard, Stein also owns shares in chemical manufacturer DuPont, 3M’s main customer for its PFASs. DuPont continued releasing it for years after its own research showed its dangers. She also invests in other synthetic chemical manufacturers through funds managed by the Bessemer Trust. John Oliver and Time Warner Stein recently accused political satirist John Oliver of conspiring with his corporate bosses to aid her opponent, Hillary Clinton, after he criticized her policies on his HBO show Last Week Tonight. (Oliver has leveled plenty of criticism toward all four presidential candidates.) Much like Donald Trump and his unsupported accusations of journalistic conspiracy, Stein offered no evidence for her accusation other than the facts that his show is owned by a large corporation, Time Warner, and that his huge popularity among liberals has made him a millionaire. She posted this on her campaign site: There will always be the John Oliver’s of the world. His hands are far from clean — he’s a millionaire, yet proclaims bailing out students in debt as a wholly unworkable plan. Plus, his employer — Time Warner — is among Hillary’s top 10 donors! She also posted this meme on Facebook: Remember the Vanguard Group? They’re not only the largest institutional investor in Monsanto, they’re also the largest investor in Time Warner. The company appears in Stein’s specific Vanguard fund holdings. If John Oliver is a corrupt corporate shill simply because he works for Time Warner as an employee and is a millionaire, what does that make Stein, who’s part-owner of Time Warner and a multi-millionaire? (Besides Oliver’s boss, that is.) Stein implies she considers all 40,000 Time Warner employees unclean… for helping to make her rich. Stein owes them, and John Oliver, an apology. Vioxx, Merck, Big Pharma and vaccines Stein is famed for her oft-repeated claims of a conspiracy among the FDA, CDC, and “Big Pharma,” which she insists is so corrupt that American vaccines and drugs are untrustworthy. This is a theme for which she has come under fire from public health advocates for sowing vaccine paranoia and pandering to the anti-vaxxer movement. As evidence for corruption of the U.S. vaccine program, she routinely but irrelevantly offers Monsanto’s supposed role in U.S. agriculture policy. Journalists’ requests for actual evidence of an FDA-vaccine conspiracy have led Stein to start raising the spectre of the drug Vioxx as proof that FDA oversight of vaccines can’t be trusted.  This was an anti-inflammatory pulled from the market in 2004 by Merck after evidence of increased heart disease surfaced, a difficult choice when millions of arthritis sufferers were reporting no other drug provided comparable pain relief. Merck is also a maker of the MMR vaccine. You may be guessing by now where this is headed… Stein owns $50,000-$100,000 in Merck stock as an individual shareholder — that is, not through a mutual fund, but outright. This has been reported before, not widely, and not in the context of her Vioxx accusations. She is also an individual shareholder with between $15,000-$50,000 in pharmaceutical giant Johnson & Johnson, while her mutual fund holdings are loaded with most of the remaining Big Pharma names, as the Daily Beast reported. In a recent town hall, Bec Gill with ScIQ asked Stein: You talk extensively on your concern about corporate influence over U.S. vaccine regulations. My question is, what evidence do you have that corporate influence has caused either the FDA or the CDC to make decisions that endanger American children’s health? Stein responded “Let me give you a piece of that evidence…” then referred to the “recent” Vioxx scandal (it was 12 years ago) in what she termed industry “tampering” with the FDA to suppress evidence of drug risks. It’s also possible that Vioxx helped Stein retire. Stein’s Vanguard holdings include Monsanto, Merck (maker of Vioxx and the MMR vaccine), and Time Warner. War, drones and the defense industry Halliburton, Raytheon, Northrop Grumman. Enough said. Fossil fuel, global warming and fracking Exxon Mobil, Chevron, Occidental Petroleum, ConocoPhillips, Duke Energy, Marathon Oil. Same. Palm Oil, deforestation and biodiversity A July report by Friends of the Earth lists the Vanguard Group as the third largest investor in the world’s greatest cause of deforestation today: the global palm oil market: …millions of hectares of rainforests and peatlands [that] have been destroyed for plantations in Southeast Asia, Latin America, and sub-Saharan Africa… In all of these regions, deforestation is driving the loss of species, threatening the livelihoods and cultures of millions of local people, and contributing to climate change at an alarming rate. … Many of these workers are trafficked into bonded labor; forced to work and live under extreme conditions with limited legal recourse; suffer from abuse or the threat of abuse; or are children… land acquisitions are often carried out with a lack of community consultation and consent… palm oil land grabs devastate forest ecosystems and violate the human rights of affected communities through forced evictions, land clearing, forced labor, and other abuses… In a story titled “US investors ploughing billions into palm oil,” the Guardian reported that while many firms are increasingly pledging to end investment in deforestation, “others have no processes in place to deal with companies that commit human rights and environmental abuses.” Vanguard appears to fall in this latter category, and failed to reply to the Guardian‘s request for comments. Scientists are warning that “corporate inaction on deforestation” could make it impossible to achieve global warming reduction goals. The fate of many tropical wildlife species is at stake, including orangutans which may be driven to extinction in the wild within a decade. Stein’s response to earlier questions about her investments None of this is to say that everyone with an unmonitored pension or mutual fund is a monster. What it is saying is that 1) if Americans don’t make use of our financial leverage, who will? and 2) politicians who make a career out of attacking others for supporting harmful corporations shouldn’t live in a house made of blown Venetian glass. But after the Daily Beast opened the issue of her investments, Stein issued this response: I have no control in management or decision-making. Sadly, most of these broad investments are as compromised as the American economy — degraded as it is by the fossil fuel, defense and finance industries… While I have explored “green” mutual funds, I found their investments in fracking and large scale biofuels not much better than the non-green funds… We need real options for ethical investing.” It’s reminiscent of the recent debates when Clinton accused Trump of not paying taxes for years. Trump’s reply was essentially, “It’s not my fault, it’s yours, for letting laws exist that I can exploit.” One can’t help but think of the resulting memes with Trump protesting “Damn you, Hillary, stop me before I’m forced to go another year without paying taxes!” Stein does seem to blame shadowy forces, presumably named Clinton, for not stopping her from investing in questionable corporations. She also attacked the journalists for doing their job, suggesting they were part of the same conspiracy as John Oliver. The report, she said, was willful misinformation and manipulative framing… a blatant smear attack and hypocritical attempt to suggest conflicts of interest… an imagined conflict of interest, perhaps to distract from… the Clintons… Though Stein opposes journalists reporting on contradictions between a politician’s words and actions, she does find it fair for politicians to deflect criticism by targeting their opponents’ children, judging by her rebuttal’s title: “Jill Stein Responds to Daily Beast Smear Attack By Calling for Disclosure of Chelsea Clinton’s Role as Director of Beast’s Parent Corporation.” Okay then. Stein argues that, well, at least she’s “a far cry from the Clintons’ back room fundraising and quarter-million dollar speeches for the predatory banks, health insurance industry, and fossil fuel tycoons.” True. Stein earns her wealth from Goldman Sachs, predatory banks, the health insurance industry, and fossil fuel tycoons by supporting them with investments. Not for giving speeches to them, which is just dirty. Therein lies Jill Stein’s purity. ***Update***: A reader has just pointed out an astounding April 2016 post on Stein’s campaign website: Stein calls for total divestment from fossil fuels Stein said the time to deal with climate change is extremely limited and that it is not too much to ask for colleges and universities to divest 100 percent of their investments in fossil fuel companies… Stein said the country also needs to divest 100 percent of its economy from fossil fuels, and said as president she would call a state of emergency to deal with climate change…“This is not a sacrifice, this is a step forward to a better world that works for all of us,” Stein said. As I mentioned earlier, Stein is a shareholder in ExxonMobil, Chevron, Occidental Petroleum, ConocoPhillips, Duke Energy, and Marathon Oil. This should be a troubling level of hypocrisy by anyone’s standards. There are some comments from people (who didn’t fully read the piece) that Stein somehow “has no choice” in her investments and “mutual funds don’t count.” Remember who we’re talking about. Not me, not you, struggling along with our own muddled priorities, but the leader of the American Green Party calling for radical environmental and economic change, a crusader for purity who calls for the jailing of political opponents and corporate targets. This same person chose to enrich herself with the one fund out of thousands that’s very publicly the top institutional backer in the world of global deforestation. Wealthy Americans whining “I’m not responsible” and “my personal actions don’t matter” are wiping out species after species; we will probably lose orangutans and Sumatran tigers from the wild within a decade. Our choices fucking matter. The one person on the planet who should be challenging that attitude is Jill Stein. Among thousands of funds, she bypassed all green funds and chose the one fund that is the world’s biggest institutional investor in Monsanto… while using Monsanto as the symbol of ultimate evil in so many of her speeches. She chose to own, not through index or mutual funds, two giants of Big Pharma, while nearly every day shouting that they’re all criminals. Meanwhile, all day every day, she’s pointing a finger at others and calling them unclean, like she did to John Oliver. It’s inconceivably hypocritical and demonstrates bizarrely poor judgment. (Top image via YouTube) Filed Under: General, Politics Tagged With: environment, Green Party, Jill Stein Leave a Comment Related posts from Friendly Atheist: Christian Conspiracy Theorist Says Donald Trump is Controlled by the Illuminati An Atheist PAC Endorsed Dozens of Candidates at the State and Federal Level, But Did It Help? Donald Trump: Women May Have to "Go To Another State" to Obtain Abortions Under His Supreme Court John Oliver Discusses How the Media Enabled the Rise of Donald Trump « Boston Archdiocese Will Spend $850,000 to Fight Marijuana Legalization A Fringe Church Selling “Miracle” Cures Just Got Outed By ABC News » About Bo Gardiner Bo Gardiner is an environmental analyst, naturalist, writer, and humanist/skeptic organizer. She's a former research hydrologist, EPA consultant, wildlife program director for a national NGO, and TV writer/producer. She holds a B.A. in communications and M.S. in environmental engineering sciences. Bo writes on humanism, nature, science, skepticism and politics at her blog Under the Greenwood Tree. Connect with her on Facebook and Twitter, and check out her videos on YouTube. Subscribe by email to Friendly Atheist I’m on the Interwebs. Popular at Patheos Atheist Report: Trump Taps Ben Carson for Secretary of Education Please Stop Sharing Links to These Sites A Gay Diner Paid for the Meal of Anti-Gay Christians Nearby and Left Them a Memorable Note Atheist activist launches new political party in response to Donald Trump's victory Support this site on Patreon! Check out our podcast! (RSS feed here) Buy Hemant’s Books! Categories CategoriesSelect CategoryAbortionAdviceAppignani Humanist Legal CenterArk EncounterAtheist AdvertisingAtheist DemographicsAtheist GenerosityAtheist ParentingAtheist/Christian CooperationBabiesBangladeshi BloggersBook ClubBooksBrittany MeyerCamp QuestCanadaCaptain DisillusionCartoonsCenter for InquiryChurchesComing OutContestsDeathDownloadable PDFsEducationEdward TarteFeminismFFRFFine ArtsFoundation Beyond BeliefGeneralHeathen Holiday CardsHousekeepingHumorInfiltrationInterviewsInvestigationsJehovah’s WitnessesJesse GalefJill SteinJim BakkerJoshua FeuersteinLatino AtheistsLawLee StrobelLGBTLongformLove/SexMagazine ArticlesMathMike ClawsonMilitary AtheistsPastor Steven AndersonPictureoftheDayPodcastPoetryPoliticsPop CulturePseudoscienceReason Rally 2016Richard WadeRon GoldScienceSecular AvenueSecular Coalition for AmericaSecular Group ShowcaseSecular Invocations (Post-Greece)Secular Student AllianceShades of Black AtheismSportsThat Old-Time ReligionThe Atheist VoiceThe Young Atheist’s Survival GuideTrina HoaksWar on Christmas Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 Trending at Patheos Atheist The Breitbartization of the White House (Miracle Girl) 15 Minutes Of Funny & Emotional Comedy (Laughing in Disbelief) Church Banner Vandalized With White Supremacist and Trump... (Dispatches From the Culture Wars) Hello, this is Farah! (On the Margin of Error) Christian Pastor to Grieving Man: Your Wife May Have Miscarried Because You... (Friendly Atheist) Pediatricians Are Increasingly Cutting Parents Loose if They Won't Vaccinate... (Friendly Atheist) Agreeing with The independent Whig (A Tippling Philosopher) Trump Still Lying About His Claims on Proliferation (Dispatches From the Culture Wars) Recent Comments Follow Patheos on Sign up for the Patheos newsletter About Patheos How to Advertise Premium Content Sponsor a Book Club Patheos Press Faith Channels Atheist Buddhist Catholic Evangelical Hindu Jewish Mormon Muslim Pagan Progressive Christian Spirituality Resources Blogs Columns Religion Library Compare Religions Topics Public Square Book Club Entertainment Faith and Work Seeker Resources Family Resources Preaching Resources Connect Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Subscribe to RSS Feeds Contact Us Copyright 2008-2016, Patheos. All rights reserved.      Terms of Service  | Patheos Privacy Policy CLOSE | X Atheist Newsletter (weekly) Pan Patheos Newsletter (biweekly) Friendly Atheist Digest HIDE | X Atheist Newsletter (weekly) Pan Patheos Newsletter (biweekly) Friendly Atheist Digest
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Dividend Stocks to Buy in November These five companies are great stocks for income-hungry dividend investors. Jamal Carnette (TMFJCar) Oct 31, 2016 at 11:59AM Looking for cold hard cash? These five companies are paying big dividends. Image source: Getty Images. It's a poorly kept secret that dividends are a large driver of stock market returns. Over the past 25 years, the S&P 500 index has provided investors with a nearly 450% return. However, if investors would have reinvested dividends, their pre-tax return would be approximately 80% higher at 810%. With that in mind, we asked a few Motley Fool contributors their favorite dividend stocks to buy in November. This dividend is as solid as steel Neha Chamaria: One dividend stock that's caught my attention this month is Nucor Corporation (NYSE:NUE). The steelmaker's recently released third-quarter numbers didn't go down well with the market, as the company missed analyst estimates, but Nucor delivered a solid quarter in reality, with its net income for the first nine months of the year climbing 30% year over year. With that kind of growth in profits, shareholders can safely expect Nucor to dole out higher dividends going forward. In fact, Nucor isn't any other dividend stock. It's a dividend aristocrat that has increased its dividend for 43 straight years and has paid out a dividend for 174 consecutive quarters now. No other company in its industry boasts such an incredible dividend record. Moreover, Nucor wouldn't be maintaining such a streak given the cyclicality of steel business if it weren't financially strong and stable. In fact, Nucor's balance sheet is among the strongest in the industry, with limited debt and ample liquid cash. What's more, the steelmaker generated twice as much free cash flow as net income during the trailing 12 months, which is incredible, as a company pays dividends out of its FCF. So there's every chance Nucor will be able to maintain its streak of dividend increases in the coming years. With Nucor offering a juicy dividend yield of 3.2%, income investors should consider the stock's 13% drop in the past three months an opportunity not to be missed. Microsoft is executing on all levels Evan Niu, CFA: This might sound a little odd given my obvious bias here, but I'm going to go with Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT). The software giant has been firing on all cylinders lately, and much of that is largely thanks to CEO Satya Nadella. For years, investors lacked optimism around the company's future direction, but Nadella genuinely has them excited again, as he has a much clearer strategic vision than his predecessor, Steve Ballmer. We're now seeing Microsoft innovate in hardware in a way that we've quite literally never seen before. At the same time, the core enterprise business is as strong as ever, with Office continuing to crush it on both the consumer and commercial fronts. Microsoft's new Surface Studio shows the company is fully committed to hardware success. Image source: Microsoft. As far as the numbers go, Microsoft's yield is fairly modest at this point. Shares yield approximately 2.5% at current prices, but this yield is being pushed down, since Microsoft is at all-time highs. Shares are now even higher than they were during the 2000 tech bubble. But the big difference between then and now is that the valuation is much more compelling, and cash flow far more sustainable. Sure, there are higher yields out there, even within tech, but I think Microsoft currently presents a compelling combination of reliable income combined with reasonable potential for capital appreciation as long as the company continues to execute under Nadella's leadership. Procter & Gamble may be a boring stock, but it has provided investors exciting returns Jamal Carnette, CFA: The dividend trade has become quite crowded because of historically low interest rates on bonds and other interest-bearing investments. The key is to find a well-run company committed to paying and raising their dividend, and not simply companies that have raised their dividends to take advantage of current investor sentiment. One dividend aristocrat with an amazing dividend history is Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG). The consumer-goods company has paid dividends for 126 consecutive years and has increased its dividend for 60 years straight. In the past 30 years, P&G has kicked its rate of dividend increases into high gear by increasing its per-share payout by 9.8% per year through fiscal 2016, a rate much higher than overall inflation during this timeframe. Currently the company trades at a yield of 3.2%, 70 basis points higher than a current 30-year U.S. Treasury bond. There's a belief among many investors that a "boring" company like P&G will disappoint as valuations are currently stretched among dividend-paying stocks. Additionally, the company's core products (Tide, Pampers, and Charmin) are in the uninspiring fast-moving-consumer-goods space. However, the company has averaged an annual total return of 7.8% over the last 15 years, a full percentage point better than the greater S&P during this period. On a one-year basis, P&G has doubled the index by increasing 12.7%, versus 6%. Still, the company trades at a lower price-to-earnings valuation than the overall S&P index. Shares recently popped on a positive first-quarter report in which the company beat both EPS and revenue estimates while maintaining full-year sales guidance. Procter & Gamble may be considered boring, but its stable of billion-dollar brands should allow the company to continue to pay and raise dividend payments to investors for years to come. Things are looking up for this large-cap drugmaker George Budwell: Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) is arguably one of most compelling Big Pharma to stocks to own right now because of Keytruda's recent approval as a treatment for front-line metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The bottom line is that this single indication has the potential to add around $2.5 billion to Keytruda's annual sales at peak. Moreover, industry experts believe that oncologists will quickly adopt Keytruda as a first-line NSCLC treatment, especially after its main rival, Opdivo, flamed out in late-stage testing for this same indication.   Image source: Merck. That's certainly welcome news for shareholders, especially since Merck's 12-month trailing payout ratio currently stands at a worrisome 100.55%. In other words, Merck's slightly above-average yield for a major drugmaker of approximately 3% should now be safe. Perhaps most importantly, though, Keytruda's breakthrough for this high-value indication should act as a magnet for large institutional investors moving forward, helping to drive its share price higher. Wall Street, after all, places a high premium on franchise-level cancer drugs, and Keytruda is undoubtedly on its way toward becoming a top-selling oncology product in the near future.   Growth and yield? Sign me up Brian Feroldi: It's rare to find a company that offers up a yield of nearly 4.5% that's also poised for long-term growth, but that's exact what Brookfield Infrastructure Partners (NYSE:BIP) offers investors today. This company is a publicly traded limited partnership that owns and operates infrastructure assets all around the world. Currently, the company owns electrical transmission lines, ports, toll roads, pipelines, rail lines, and more. What do all of these assets have in common? They are all one of a kind, are irreplaceable, and require huge amounts of capital to build. That means the company doesn't really have to worry about having a competitor set up shop right next door, which helps make its financial statements highly predictable. In fact, over 90% of its revenue either comes from regulated industries or operates under long-term contracts. Brookfield's stability allows its management team to pass along an ever-growing stream of profits back to investors. Since 2009, the company's distribution has grown by 12% annually, and there are plenty of reasons to expect another payout bump next year. While there are potential tax ramifications that need to be considered before buying shares, I think this is a great stock for income-focused investors to consider buying today. Brian Feroldi has no position in any stocks mentioned. Evan Niu, CFA has no position in any stocks mentioned. George Budwell has no position in any stocks mentioned. Jamal Carnette, CFA has no position in any stocks mentioned. Neha Chamaria has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Brookfield Infrastructure Partners and Nucor. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jamal Carnette (TMFJCar) After working at The Motley Fool, Jamal Carnette decided to try his hand at writing for a change. You can find him writing about technology, consumer goods, sports, and pontificating on any competitive advantage. His previous jobs include Mortgage Trainer, Financial Advisor, and Stockbroker. Jamal graduated from George Mason University with a bachelors of science in finance and is a CFA charterholder. Follow me for tech trends, info on consumer brands, and sports banter. Follow @J_Car_Net Article Info Oct 31, 2016 at 11:59AM Consumer Goods Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.53 down $0.42 (-0.66%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $58.12 down $0.90 (-1.52%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $83.00 down $0.58 (-0.69%) Nucor NYSE:NUE $59.60 up $0.85 (1.45%) Brookfield Infrastructure Partners NYSE:BIP $31.16 down $-1.11 (-3.44%) Read More Forget Altria, These Are the Best Dividend Stocks to Own 3 Stocks You Don't Want to be Short Today Are These Disney and Microsoft Names the Perfect Additions to Netflix Inc's Boardroom? 3 Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy in June 3 of the Worst Product Launches of All Time Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Dividend Stocks to Buy in November These five companies are great stocks for income-hungry dividend investors. Jamal Carnette (TMFJCar) Oct 31, 2016 at 11:59AM Looking for cold hard cash? These five companies are paying big dividends. Image source: Getty Images. It's a poorly kept secret that dividends are a large driver of stock market returns. Over the past 25 years, the S&P 500 index has provided investors with a nearly 450% return. However, if investors would have reinvested dividends, their pre-tax return would be approximately 80% higher at 810%. With that in mind, we asked a few Motley Fool contributors their favorite dividend stocks to buy in November. This dividend is as solid as steel Neha Chamaria: One dividend stock that's caught my attention this month is Nucor Corporation (NYSE:NUE). The steelmaker's recently released third-quarter numbers didn't go down well with the market, as the company missed analyst estimates, but Nucor delivered a solid quarter in reality, with its net income for the first nine months of the year climbing 30% year over year. With that kind of growth in profits, shareholders can safely expect Nucor to dole out higher dividends going forward. In fact, Nucor isn't any other dividend stock. It's a dividend aristocrat that has increased its dividend for 43 straight years and has paid out a dividend for 174 consecutive quarters now. No other company in its industry boasts such an incredible dividend record. Moreover, Nucor wouldn't be maintaining such a streak given the cyclicality of steel business if it weren't financially strong and stable. In fact, Nucor's balance sheet is among the strongest in the industry, with limited debt and ample liquid cash. What's more, the steelmaker generated twice as much free cash flow as net income during the trailing 12 months, which is incredible, as a company pays dividends out of its FCF. So there's every chance Nucor will be able to maintain its streak of dividend increases in the coming years. With Nucor offering a juicy dividend yield of 3.2%, income investors should consider the stock's 13% drop in the past three months an opportunity not to be missed. Microsoft is executing on all levels Evan Niu, CFA: This might sound a little odd given my obvious bias here, but I'm going to go with Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT). The software giant has been firing on all cylinders lately, and much of that is largely thanks to CEO Satya Nadella. For years, investors lacked optimism around the company's future direction, but Nadella genuinely has them excited again, as he has a much clearer strategic vision than his predecessor, Steve Ballmer. We're now seeing Microsoft innovate in hardware in a way that we've quite literally never seen before. At the same time, the core enterprise business is as strong as ever, with Office continuing to crush it on both the consumer and commercial fronts. Microsoft's new Surface Studio shows the company is fully committed to hardware success. Image source: Microsoft. As far as the numbers go, Microsoft's yield is fairly modest at this point. Shares yield approximately 2.5% at current prices, but this yield is being pushed down, since Microsoft is at all-time highs. Shares are now even higher than they were during the 2000 tech bubble. But the big difference between then and now is that the valuation is much more compelling, and cash flow far more sustainable. Sure, there are higher yields out there, even within tech, but I think Microsoft currently presents a compelling combination of reliable income combined with reasonable potential for capital appreciation as long as the company continues to execute under Nadella's leadership. Procter & Gamble may be a boring stock, but it has provided investors exciting returns Jamal Carnette, CFA: The dividend trade has become quite crowded because of historically low interest rates on bonds and other interest-bearing investments. The key is to find a well-run company committed to paying and raising their dividend, and not simply companies that have raised their dividends to take advantage of current investor sentiment. One dividend aristocrat with an amazing dividend history is Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG). The consumer-goods company has paid dividends for 126 consecutive years and has increased its dividend for 60 years straight. In the past 30 years, P&G has kicked its rate of dividend increases into high gear by increasing its per-share payout by 9.8% per year through fiscal 2016, a rate much higher than overall inflation during this timeframe. Currently the company trades at a yield of 3.2%, 70 basis points higher than a current 30-year U.S. Treasury bond. There's a belief among many investors that a "boring" company like P&G will disappoint as valuations are currently stretched among dividend-paying stocks. Additionally, the company's core products (Tide, Pampers, and Charmin) are in the uninspiring fast-moving-consumer-goods space. However, the company has averaged an annual total return of 7.8% over the last 15 years, a full percentage point better than the greater S&P during this period. On a one-year basis, P&G has doubled the index by increasing 12.7%, versus 6%. Still, the company trades at a lower price-to-earnings valuation than the overall S&P index. Shares recently popped on a positive first-quarter report in which the company beat both EPS and revenue estimates while maintaining full-year sales guidance. Procter & Gamble may be considered boring, but its stable of billion-dollar brands should allow the company to continue to pay and raise dividend payments to investors for years to come. Things are looking up for this large-cap drugmaker George Budwell: Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) is arguably one of most compelling Big Pharma to stocks to own right now because of Keytruda's recent approval as a treatment for front-line metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The bottom line is that this single indication has the potential to add around $2.5 billion to Keytruda's annual sales at peak. Moreover, industry experts believe that oncologists will quickly adopt Keytruda as a first-line NSCLC treatment, especially after its main rival, Opdivo, flamed out in late-stage testing for this same indication.   Image source: Merck. That's certainly welcome news for shareholders, especially since Merck's 12-month trailing payout ratio currently stands at a worrisome 100.55%. In other words, Merck's slightly above-average yield for a major drugmaker of approximately 3% should now be safe. Perhaps most importantly, though, Keytruda's breakthrough for this high-value indication should act as a magnet for large institutional investors moving forward, helping to drive its share price higher. Wall Street, after all, places a high premium on franchise-level cancer drugs, and Keytruda is undoubtedly on its way toward becoming a top-selling oncology product in the near future.   Growth and yield? Sign me up Brian Feroldi: It's rare to find a company that offers up a yield of nearly 4.5% that's also poised for long-term growth, but that's exact what Brookfield Infrastructure Partners (NYSE:BIP) offers investors today. This company is a publicly traded limited partnership that owns and operates infrastructure assets all around the world. Currently, the company owns electrical transmission lines, ports, toll roads, pipelines, rail lines, and more. What do all of these assets have in common? They are all one of a kind, are irreplaceable, and require huge amounts of capital to build. That means the company doesn't really have to worry about having a competitor set up shop right next door, which helps make its financial statements highly predictable. In fact, over 90% of its revenue either comes from regulated industries or operates under long-term contracts. Brookfield's stability allows its management team to pass along an ever-growing stream of profits back to investors. Since 2009, the company's distribution has grown by 12% annually, and there are plenty of reasons to expect another payout bump next year. While there are potential tax ramifications that need to be considered before buying shares, I think this is a great stock for income-focused investors to consider buying today. Brian Feroldi has no position in any stocks mentioned. Evan Niu, CFA has no position in any stocks mentioned. George Budwell has no position in any stocks mentioned. Jamal Carnette, CFA has no position in any stocks mentioned. Neha Chamaria has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Brookfield Infrastructure Partners and Nucor. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jamal Carnette (TMFJCar) After working at The Motley Fool, Jamal Carnette decided to try his hand at writing for a change. You can find him writing about technology, consumer goods, sports, and pontificating on any competitive advantage. His previous jobs include Mortgage Trainer, Financial Advisor, and Stockbroker. Jamal graduated from George Mason University with a bachelors of science in finance and is a CFA charterholder. Follow me for tech trends, info on consumer brands, and sports banter. Follow @J_Car_Net Article Info Oct 31, 2016 at 11:59AM Consumer Goods Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.53 down $0.42 (-0.66%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $58.12 down $0.90 (-1.52%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $83.00 down $0.58 (-0.69%) Nucor NYSE:NUE $59.60 up $0.85 (1.45%) Brookfield Infrastructure Partners NYSE:BIP $31.16 down $-1.11 (-3.44%) Read More Forget Altria, These Are the Best Dividend Stocks to Own 3 Stocks You Don't Want to be Short Today Are These Disney and Microsoft Names the Perfect Additions to Netflix Inc's Boardroom? 3 Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy in June 3 of the Worst Product Launches of All Time Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO 5:00 P.M. ET The ‘Trump trade’ is shaking up markets around the globe 4:59 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing 4:58 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa trims Allergan stake slightly 1.2 mln shares during Q3--SEC filing Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Postherpetic Neuralgia Pipeline Landscape and Therapeutics under development Market Review H2 2016 By Published: Oct 30, 2016 11:00 p.m. ET Share PUNE, India, October 31, 2016 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- PUNE, India, October 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ReportsnReports.com adds "Postherpetic Neuralgia - Pipeline Review, H2 2016" to its store providing an overview of the Postherpetic Neuralgia's therapeutic pipeline with comprehensive information on the therapeutic development for Postherpetic Neuralgia, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type, along with latest updates, and featured news and press releases. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Postherpetic Neuralgia and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. Complete report on H2 2016 pipeline review of Postherpetic Neuralgia with 32 market data tables and 15 figures, spread across 98 pages is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/729116-postherpetic-neuralgia-pipeline-review-h2-2016.html. Postherpetic neuralgia is a complication of shingles, which is caused by the chickenpox (herpes zoster) virus. Signs and symptoms may include pain, sensitivity to light touch, itching and numbness and weakness or paralysis. The predisposing factors include age, people with HIV and Hodgkin's lymphoma. Treatment includes anticonvulsants, antidepressants and opioid painkillers. Postherpetic Neuralgia pipeline therapeutics constitutes close to 23 molecules. which approximately 23 molecules are developed by Companies. The molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical and Discovery stages are 1, 4, 7, 3, 7 and 1 respectively. The report outlays comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Postherpetic Neuralgia, complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. It also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Postherpetic Neuralgia and features dormant and discontinued projects. The report is built using data and information sourced from proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Companies discussed in this Postherpetic Neuralgia Pipeline Review, H2 2016 report include Aestus Therapeutics, Inc., ContraVir Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Daewoong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited, Immune Pharmaceuticals Inc., Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine Co., Ltd., KPI Therapeutics, Inc., Lpath, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Patagonia Pharmaceuticals, LLC, Pfizer Inc., Phosphagenics Limited, Relmada Therapeutics, Inc., Scilex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. and Toray Industries, Inc. Order a copy of this report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=729116. Drug Profiles mentioned in this research report are (amitriptyline + ketamine hydrochloride), (clonidine hydrochloride + naltrexone hydrochloride), ATX-08001, bupivacaine hydrochloride, C-746, DWP-05195, funapide, FV-100, ketoprofen, lidocaine hydrochloride, lidocaine hydrochloride patch, Lpathomab, mepivacaine hydrochloride, mirogabalin besylate, MK-8291, naltrexone hydrochloride, PATN-02, pregabalin CR, pregabalin SR, REL-1017, TRK-700, U-2902 and zucapsaicin. The report helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. Another newly published market research report titled on Pulmonary Fibrosis - Pipeline Review, H2 2016 provides comprehensive information on the therapeutic development for Pulmonary Fibrosis, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type, along with latest updates, and featured news and press releases. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Pulmonary Fibrosis and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. It strengthens R&D pipelines by identifying new targets and MOAs to produce first-in-class and best-in-class products. Companies Involved in Therapeutics Development are AdAlta Pty Ltd., Advinus Therapeutics Ltd, Aeolus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Afferent Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Angion Biomedica Corp., Apellis Pharmaceuticals Inc, Asahi Kasei Pharma Corp., aTyr Pharma, Inc., Biogen Inc, Bioneer Corporation, BiOrion Technologies B.V., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Celgene Corporation, Chrysalis Pharma SAS, Clanotech AB, Compugen Ltd., Cynata Therapeutics Limited, Diffusion Pharmaceuticals Inc., Digna Biotech, S.L., Elsalys Biotech SAS, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., FibroGen, Inc., FibroStatin SL, Galapagos NV, Galectin Therapeutics, Inc., GenKyoTex S.A., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc., GNI Group Ltd., HEC Pharm Co., Ltd., Yuhan Corporation etc. Pulmonary Fibrosis Pipeline market research report of 377 pages is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/729115-pulmonary-fibrosis-pipeline-review-h2-2016.html. Explore more reports on Pharmaceuticals. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 100+ leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. Contact:Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole, Next to Inox theatre, Bund garden road Pune-411001 Maharashtra, India Tel: +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsnreports.com Connect With Us on: Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ReportsnReports/ LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports Twitter: https: //twitter.com/marketsreports G+ / Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/111656568937629536321/posts RSS/Feeds: http: //http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null
MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Roundup > Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 31, 2016 Tweet Kevin McCaffrey October 31, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 31, 2016 Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Photo credit: StockMonkeys.com/Creative Commons 1. Government and public pressure related to price increases may be finally taking its toll on drugmakers. Share prices of some drugmakers, pharmacy benefit managers, and distributors fell sharply on Friday as a number of pharma companies said that they would moderate price increases on their products going forward. (WSJ) 2. AstraZeneca executive Dr. Mene Pangalos said that drugmakers will start to leave the U.K. unless the government and the National Health Service start to pay for breakthrough drugs. “It's depressing and demoralising that our latest drugs that are discovered here are not being used in the UK,” he said. (The Telegraph) 3. Merck KGAA is mulling the sale of its biosimilar unit. That unit includes an experimental drug in trials that could compete with AbbVie's Humira.  (Reuters) 4. An October tracking poll from the Kaiser Family Foundation found that voters care more about issues related to prescription drug prices and out-of-pocket spending than proposals to repeal requirements for the Affordable Care Act. (Kaiser Health News) 5. Astellas Pharma will acquire Ganymed Pharmaceuticals in a deal worth up $1.4 billion. Ganymed has a portfolio of experimental cancer drugs. (Chicago Tribune) Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Similar Articles Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, August 31 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, October 31 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 3, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 6 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 17, 2016 Related Topics Round Up Pricing Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Roundup Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, November 1, 2016 MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Infographic: what information doctors need from pharma Will drugmakers get what they're looking for at this week's FDA off-label hearing? Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, November 11, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 9, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 7, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Novartis considers new sales model for experimental cancer therapy Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program Pfizer expands humanitarian access to Prevnar 13 vaccine Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 14, 2016 Will he or won't he? Pharma speculates on President-elect Trump Pharma pushes to share off-label info with payers at FDA hearing What's Next for the FDA During the Trump Administration Tweets by @MMMnews Events Weekly MM&M Breaking News MM&M KOL White Paper MM&M News Brief MM&M Sponsored Promotion MM&M Weekly Digest The Splash from MM&M United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Check out what's trending Healthcare Legal/Regulatory FDA Pharma Health Influencer 50 People Pricing Election Commercial More in Roundup Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, ... J&J's experimental RA drug has mixed results in clinical trial; Novartis reportedly considers buying generics maker; Donald Trump names healthcare transition team leader Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, ... Trump says he will reform the FDA; pharmaceutical M&A expected to pick up; superbug causing infections in cystic-fibrosis patients Five things for pharma marketers to know: Thursday, ... Mylan reports third-quarter loss; analysts say drug-pricing restrictions less likely under Trump; the FDA limits citizen petitions Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
null
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO 5:00 P.M. ET The ‘Trump trade’ is shaking up markets around the globe 4:59 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing 4:58 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa trims Allergan stake slightly 1.2 mln shares during Q3--SEC filing Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Therapeutics Market - - Global Industry Analysis, Pipeline Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2015 - 2023 By Published: Oct 31, 2016 6:18 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Oct. 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- This report on the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market studies the current and future prospects of the global market. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy occurs if heart muscle cells enlarge and cause the walls of the ventricles (usually the left ventricle) to thicken. However, the thickening may block blood flow out of the ventricle and the condition is called obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Modern healthcare infrastructure, increasing sedentary lifestyle in young population and rising obese population are expected to propel the global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market. The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes a market snapshot that provides information about various segments and sub-segments of the market. It also provides information and data analysis of the global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market with respect to the segments based on the type of drug class, and their geographic analysis. A detailed qualitative analysis of driving and restraining factors for the market growth and future opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. This section of the report also provides market attractiveness analysis, and market share analysis by key players, thus presenting a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market. Based on drug class, the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market has been segmented into four major categories: Beta Adrenergic Blocking Agents, Calcium Channel Blockers, Antiarrhythmic Agents, and Anticoagulants. The market segments have been extensively analyzed based on usefulness, efficacy, revenue, and geographical coverage. The market size and forecast in terms of USD million for each segment has been provided for the period from 2013 to 2023. The report also provides the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) for each market segment for the forecast period from 2015 to 2023, considering 2014 as the base year. Geographically, the global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market has been categorized into four major regions and the key countries in the respective region: North America (U.S., Canada), Europe (U.K., Germany, Rest of Europe), Asia Pacific (Japan, India, Rest of Asia Pacific), and Rest of the World (Latin America, Middle East, Africa). The market size and forecast for each of these regions and the mentioned countries has been provided for the period from 2013 to 2023, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2015 to 2023, considering 2014 as the base year. The research study also covers the competitive scenario in these regions. The report also profiles major players in the global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include AstraZeneca plc, Concordia Healthcare Corp., Sanofi S.A., Pfizer, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Teva Pharmaceuticals Limited, Mylan N.V., Gilead Sciences, Inc., and Novartis AG The global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market is segmented as follows: Global Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Therapeutics, by Drug Class Beta Adrenergic Blocking Agents Calcium Channel Blockers Antiarrhythmic Agents Anticoagulants Global Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Therapeutics, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Europe U.K. Germany Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India Japan Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Latin America Middle East Africa Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3999635/About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah SmithResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.comTel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hypertrophic-cardiomyopathy-therapeutics-market-----global-industry-analysis-pipeline-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2015---2023-300354410.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments 58 girls participate in Somerset STEM program 1031OBSSTEM.jpg Freeholder Director Pat Walsh, standing at right, and Somerset County Commission on the Status of Women Chair Janice Fields, seated center front, are pictured with girls who participated in the commission-sponsored STEM program at the Vo-Tech High School in Bridgewater. (Courtesy of Linda Van Zandt) Print Email Community Bulletin By Community Bulletin The Somerset Reporter on October 31, 2016 at 5:08 PM comments Fifty-eight girls from schools throughout Somerset County participated in a STEM program Oct. 15 at the county Vocational & Technical High School in Bridgewater, sponsored by the county Commission on the Status of Women. "This was a wonderful opportunity for these girls to learn about potential careers and to practice teambuilding skills that will serve them in the future," said Freeholder Director Patricia Walsh, commission liaison. The program was specifically designed to encourage sixth- through eighth-grade girls to prepare for future success in science, technology, engineering and math fields. Additional sponsors included Bricks 4 Kidz, Team Makers, DesignPoint Solutions and ExxonMobil. There were four interactive areas, including designing with plastic bricks, learning and watching 3-D printing in action, and learning about engineering, all while developing valuable teambuilding skills. There also was a panel of successful STEM women who provided insights, answered questions and discussed possible mentoring opportunities. They included Vaseem Firdaus, Ph.D., global third-party manufacturing manager at Exxon Mobil Chemical-Synthetics Division; Itzia Arroyo, Ph.D., associate principal scientist at Merck's Center for Materials Science & Engineering; and Shelby Dobbins, an equipment-support specialist at DesignPoint Solutions. The participating girls were from the following schools: Auten Road Intermediate and Hillsborough Middle School; Branchburg Central Middle School; Bridgewater-Raritan Middle School, Eisenhower Intermediate and Hillside Intermediate, Bridgewater; Central Jersey College Prep Charter School and Samson G. Smith School, Franklin; Green Brook Middle School; Montgomery Lower and Upper middle schools; The Pingry School and William Annin Middle School, Bernards; and Warren Middle School. The Commission on the Status of Women serves as an advisory board to the Board of Chosen Freeholders to address present and potential needs of women and to develop a greater public awareness of women's issues. For more information, email sccswomen@gmail.com or visit the commission's webpage at http://www.co.somerset.nj.us/government/affiliated-agencies/commission-on-the-status-of-women To stay up to date with Somerset County events and information, sign up for free email alerts at www.co.somerset.nj.us/subscribe or follow us on Facebook and Twitter. This item was submitted by Linda Van Zandt. Video of the Day 301 Moved Permanently Moved Permanently The document has moved here. Apache Server at videos.nj.com Port 80 Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices

Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Boston Angel Investors → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Third Rock Gets $616M to Grow New Crop of Biotech Startups Ben Fidler October 31st, 2016 @benthefidler @xconomy Like Us Xconomy Boston —  Third Rock Ventures is known for making big bets on risky science, and over the past decade a number of those gambles have paid off for its shareholders. That success has helped the Boston firm close on a new $616 million fund, its largest ever. Third Rock is announcing that it’s wrapped up its fourth fund this morning. The firm was aiming for $600 million, but the round was “oversubscribed,” meaning that even with the $16 million surplus there wasn’t enough room to accommodate the investors—endowments, family offices, foundations, pensions, and others, according to partner and CFO Kevin Gillis—that wanted to take part. With the $616 million haul, Third Rock has now raised a total of $1.9 billion since Millennium Pharmaceuticals veterans Mark Levin, Bob Tepper, and Kevin Starr formed the firm back in 2007. The majority of Third Rock’s existing backers participated in the fund, according to Gillis. The firm has also made some changes in its ranks. While Starr and Levin remain Third Rock partners, they won’t help launch and build the new companies coming out of Third Rock’s latest fund. Instead they’ll serve as advisers to the Third Rock team running that fund. Abbie Celniker, also a Millennium veteran and former Eleven Biotherapeutics CEO before the company’s recent merger, has joined the firm as a partner (Celniker is the second female partner in Third Rock’s history; Anne-Mari Paster was a partner and CFO at the firm from 2007 to 2008). Portola Pharmaceuticals co-founder and former CEO Charles Homcy, who had been a venture partner at the firm, is now a partner as well. Former Cubist CEO Mike Bonney—who had joined the firm as a partner in January—is no longer involved with the day-to-day operations with the firm, according to Tepper. “After having the opportunity to get to know many of our portfolio companies, Mike decided that the place where he can contribute the most value is by serving on our boards in a strategic level,” he said. The $616 million fund eclipses the three other funds Third Rock has raised since its inception: a $378 million fund in 2007, a $426 million fund in 2010, and a $516 million fund in 2013. Third Rock started raising the fund in the late summer and closed this one faster than its previous three. “We found the market to be quite receptive,” Gillis said. Third Rock formed just before the 2008 financial crisis hit and took interest in risky biotech investing down with it. But the firm doubled down on the field, adopting a strategy involving a hands-on approach. Third Rock creates many of its portfolio companies in house, and has its partners run them initially before recruiting an outside executive team. Third Rock likes to start these companies out with a large Series A round—typically in the $40 million to $50 million range—and is often the sole investor at the start, enabling it to keep a significant stake as these startups grow. The firm owned about 30 percent of Foundation Medicine, for instance, when it went public in September 2013, and nearly 60 percent of Sage Therapeutics at its July 2014 IPO. Third Rock’s startups are typically built on technology platforms, meaning they’re meant to develop multiple drugs rather than just advance a single asset. These types of companies “offer unique opportunities for growth and value,” said Tepper. As is always the case with biotech venture investing, some of these companies have struggled or failed altogether. For instance, although Eleven Biotherapeutics—which Third Rock formed in 2010—went public in 2014, its lead drug failed, shares plummeted, and Eleven merged with Canadian cancer drug developer Viventia Bio. Ember Therapeutics was shuttered in 2014, though the startup was revived through a merger with Mariel Therapeutics last year. Zafgen (NASDAQ: ZFGN) raised more than $100 million in an IPO in in 2014, but has since had to scrap its lead drug due to safety problems. Yet Third Rock has seen a number of its investments pay off. Of the roughly 40 companies Third Rock has formed through its three funds, 12 have gone public, and another four have been acquired. Its first fund alone yielded six IPOs and three acquisitions: Alnara Pharmaceuticals ($180 million up front, Eli Lilly in 2010), Afferent Pharmaceuticals ($500 million up front, Merck in June 2016), and a drug developed by Rhythm Pharmaceuticals ($200 million up front, Allergan last week). Through that fund, Third Rock backed Genetix Pharmaceuticals, which was renamed Bluebird Bio (NASDAQ: BLUE) and has become one of the key players in gene therapy’s renaissance. The venture firm was also an early investor in Agios Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: AGIO), which went public in 2013 and could file for approval of its first drug by the end of this year. Third Rock also had one acquisition (Lotus Tissue Repair, by Shire, $49.3 million up front) and four IPOs (MyoKardia, Sage Therapeutics, Global Blood Therapeutics, and Blueprint Medicines) from its second fund. Voyager Therapeutics and Editas Medicine, which went public in 2015 and 2016 respectively, were both from the firm’s third fund. Third Rock has launched 10 companies from that fund so far. The firm wouldn’t specify what the returns on its three funds have been so far; head of communications Cynthia Clayton would only say that fund performance so far has been “best in class.” With its new fund, Third Rock aims to start 10 to 12 companies, or roughly 2 to 3 per year. The fund has a 10-year life cycle and will focus on oncology, immunology, neurological diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and rare genetic diseases. Ben Fidler is Xconomy's Deputy Biotechnology Editor. You can e-mail him at bfidler@xconomy.com Follow @benthefidler Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME Voyager Charts an IPO Course Amid Choppy Biotech Waters Scholar Rock Rolls Up $36M To Move Muscle Drug To Clinical Trials Now Biotech-Only, Atlas Reloads With $280M Fund For New Startups Trending on Xconomy Xconomy Special Report: 12 San Diego Tech Startups to Watch in 2017 Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable Texas Innovators in Health, Space, Energy, A.I. & More: The Disruptors Photos X Xconomy Intersect: Innovating Where Disciplines Collide Join us December 8 for a unique view of the crossroads from which the next big idea may emerge December 8, 2016 Register today! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers The key trends and challenges of clinical outsourcing Exclusive interview with Prof Kenneth Getz from Tufts CSDD KNect365 Life Sciences Is commercial clinical research worth it for sites? The urgent issues with clinical trial & study site partnerships KNect365 Life Sciences The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego How Wisconsin is cultivating startup success New report highlights entrepreneurial programs available statewide Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2016, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Wall Street May Bounce Back 31.10.2016 | 12:08 (3 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Wall Street May Bounce Back WASHINGTON (dpa-AFX) - Trading in the U.S. index futures suggests that Wall Street stocks may open Monday's session higher, shrugging off political uncertainties after FBI's decision to re-open e-mail investigation. Democrats are of the view that the FBI director's action is violating an act that bars officials from influencing presidential election. Market is awaiting consumer spending and outlays reports today. Asian stocks closed mixed, while European shares are mostly down. As revealed at around 6.00 am ET, Eurozone inflation rose slightly in October as economists had expected. As of 6:15 am ET, the Dow futures are climbing 18 points, the S&P 500 futures are advancing 2.75 points and the Nasdaq 100 futures are up 15.50 points. U.S. stocks closed lower on Friday in view of FBI's move to re-open Hillary Clinton's e-mail investigation. The Nasdaq and the S&P 500 hit their lowest closing levels in over a month. The major averages ended the day in the red but off their lows of the session. The Dow edged down 8.49 points or 0.1 percent to 18,161.19, the Nasdaq fell 25.87 points or 0.5 percent to 5,190.10 and the S&P 500 dipped 6.63 points or 0.3 percent to 2,126.41. On the economic front, U.S. Department of Commerce will release Personal Income and Outlays for September at 8.30 am ET. Consensus for personal income growth of 0.4 percent, up from 0.2 percent in the previous month. Consumer spending is expected to grow 0.5 percent up from a breakeven point last year. The Institute For Supply Management - Chicago is expected to release Chicago PMI for October at 9.45 am ET. Economists are calling for the PMI to be at a consensus of 54.3 points edging up from 54.2 points in September. The Dallas Fed manufacturing Survey for October is expected at 10.30 am ET. In the previous month, the production index was at 16.7. The Department of Agriculture's Farm Prices for October will be released at 3.00 pm ET. In the corporate segment, Honeywell International Inc. (HON) cut its business jet forecast to 8,600 new business jet deliveries worth $255 billion from 2016 to 2026, which represents a 6 to 7 percent reduction from earlier forecast in 2015. 2017 deliveries are projected to be slightly lower, reflecting transitions to new models slated for late 2017 and 2018 service entry. The longer-range forecast through 2026 projects a 3 to 4 percent average annual growth rate despite the lower short-term outlook as new models and improved economic performance contribute to industry growth. St. Jude Medical Inc. (STJ) announced the Ilumien III trial met its primary endpoint demonstrating percutaneous coronary intervention or PCI guided by optical coherence tomography or OCT to be superior to angiography in stent expansion and procedural success and non-inferior to intravascular ultrasound guided-PCI in post-procedure minimal stent area or MSA. The study enrolled 450 patients at 29 sites in eight countries. It is the first multi-center, prospective, randomized, controlled study to date comparing OCT-guided, IVUS- guided and angiography-guided PCI outcomes. Merck KGaA and Pfizer Inc. (PFE) announced the European Medicines Agency has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. The avelumab metastatic MCC MAA submission is supported by data from JAVELIN Merkel 200, a multi-center, single-arm, open-label, Phase II study of 88 patients with metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed after at least one chemotherapy treatment. Asian stocks ended mixed on Monday, as oil prices retreated amid further evidence of disagreement between OPEC members about output levels and the new turn of events in U.S. Presidential elections. Chinese shares eased and the benchmark Shanghai Composite index edged down 3.78 points or 0.12 percent to 3,100.49 while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index closed down 20.27 points or 0.09 percent at 22,934. Japanese shares lost some momentum even as shares of shipping firms rallied on merger news. The Nikkei average inched down 21.39 points or 0.12 percent to 17,425.02 while the broader Topix index closed marginally higher at 1,393.02. Australian shares broke a three-day losing streak, as banks reversed early losses and economic reports on private sector credit and inflation painted a mostly positive picture of the economy. The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index climbed 33.90 points or 0.64 percent to 5,317.70 while the broader All Ordinaries index closed 31.50 points or 0.59 percent higher at 5,402.40. European shares are trading mostly down. Among the major indexes in the region, the CAC 40 Index of France is down 37.39 points of 0.82 percent, the German DAX is losing 46.61 points or 0.43 percent, the U.K. FTSE 100 Index is slipping 28.47 points or 0.40 percent and the Swiss Market Index is declining 53.22 points or 0.67 percent. The Euro Stoxx 50 Index, which is a compilation of 50 blue chip stocks across the euro area, is down 0.60 percent. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Wall Street May Bounce Back 10/31/2016 6:52 AM ET Trading in the U.S. index futures suggests that Wall Street stocks may open Monday's session higher, shrugging off political uncertainties after FBI's decision to re-open e-mail investigation. Democrats are of the view that the FBI director's action is violating an act that bars officials from influencing presidential election. Market is awaiting consumer spending and outlays reports today. Asian stocks closed mixed, while European shares are mostly down. As revealed at around 6.00 am ET, Eurozone inflation rose slightly in October as economists had expected. As of 6:15 am ET, the Dow futures are climbing 18 points, the S&P 500 futures are advancing 2.75 points and the Nasdaq 100 futures are up 15.50 points. U.S. stocks closed lower on Friday in view of FBI's move to re-open Hillary Clinton's e-mail investigation. The Nasdaq and the S&P 500 hit their lowest closing levels in over a month. The major averages ended the day in the red but off their lows of the session. The Dow edged down 8.49 points or 0.1 percent to 18,161.19, the Nasdaq fell 25.87 points or 0.5 percent to 5,190.10 and the S&P 500 dipped 6.63 points or 0.3 percent to 2,126.41. On the economic front, U.S. Department of Commerce will release Personal Income and Outlays for September at 8.30 am ET. Consensus for personal income growth of 0.4 percent, up from 0.2 percent in the previous month. Consumer spending is expected to grow 0.5 percent up from a breakeven point last year. The Institute For Supply Management - Chicago is expected to release Chicago PMI for October at 9.45 am ET. Economists are calling for the PMI to be at a consensus of 54.3 points edging up from 54.2 points in September. The Dallas Fed manufacturing Survey for October is expected at 10.30 am ET. In the previous month, the production index was at 16.7. The Department of Agriculture's Farm Prices for October will be released at 3.00 pm ET. In the corporate segment, Honeywell International Inc. (HON) cut its business jet forecast to 8,600 new business jet deliveries worth $255 billion from 2016 to 2026, which represents a 6 to 7 percent reduction from earlier forecast in 2015. 2017 deliveries are projected to be slightly lower, reflecting transitions to new models slated for late 2017 and 2018 service entry. The longer-range forecast through 2026 projects a 3 to 4 percent average annual growth rate despite the lower short-term outlook as new models and improved economic performance contribute to industry growth. St. Jude Medical Inc. (STJ) announced the Ilumien III trial met its primary endpoint demonstrating percutaneous coronary intervention or PCI guided by optical coherence tomography or OCT to be superior to angiography in stent expansion and procedural success and non-inferior to intravascular ultrasound guided-PCI in post-procedure minimal stent area or MSA. The study enrolled 450 patients at 29 sites in eight countries. It is the first multi-center, prospective, randomized, controlled study to date comparing OCT-guided, IVUS- guided and angiography-guided PCI outcomes. Merck KGaA and Pfizer Inc. (PFE) announced the European Medicines Agency has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. The avelumab metastatic MCC MAA submission is supported by data from JAVELIN Merkel 200, a multi-center, single-arm, open-label, Phase II study of 88 patients with metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed after at least one chemotherapy treatment. Asian stocks ended mixed on Monday, as oil prices retreated amid further evidence of disagreement between OPEC members about output levels and the new turn of events in U.S. Presidential elections. Chinese shares eased and the benchmark Shanghai Composite index edged down 3.78 points or 0.12 percent to 3,100.49 while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index closed down 20.27 points or 0.09 percent at 22,934. Japanese shares lost some momentum even as shares of shipping firms rallied on merger news. The Nikkei average inched down 21.39 points or 0.12 percent to 17,425.02 while the broader Topix index closed marginally higher at 1,393.02. Australian shares broke a three-day losing streak, as banks reversed early losses and economic reports on private sector credit and inflation painted a mostly positive picture of the economy. The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index climbed 33.90 points or 0.64 percent to 5,317.70 while the broader All Ordinaries index closed 31.50 points or 0.59 percent higher at 5,402.40. European shares are trading mostly down. Among the major indexes in the region, the CAC 40 Index of France is down 37.39 points of 0.82 percent, the German DAX is losing 46.61 points or 0.43 percent, the U.K. FTSE 100 Index is slipping 28.47 points or 0.40 percent and the Swiss Market Index is declining 53.22 points or 0.67 percent. The Euro Stoxx 50 Index, which is a compilation of 50 blue chip stocks across the euro area, is down 0.60 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Commentary -Global Flat Lead Tipped For South Korea Shares Stocks Close Mixed Following Lackluster Session - U.S. Commentary Stocks Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Pare Early Gains After Crude Oil Prices Turn Lower Major Averages Turning In Mixed Performance In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Show A Lack Of Direction In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Wall Street Set To Open Mixed European Shares Rally As Investors Ponder Trump's Policies FTSE 100 Rallies As Pound Drifts Lower CAC 40 Rebounds Amid Bets On Trump Presidency; AXA Shares Up 2% DAX Rallies On Optimism About Trump's Presidency Asian Shares Mostly Lower, Nikkei Bucks Trend On Weaker Yen European Shares Seen Up Despite Weak Asian Cues Indian Markets Closed For Public Holiday Asian Markets Mostly Lower <<Previous        130 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Rio Tinto Suspends Unit CEO Alan Davies Amid Guinea Payments Investigation Alstom Turns To Profit In H1; Sales, Orders Up; Backs 2020 View - Quick Facts Kuka Group Q3 Profit Surges; Lowers FY16 Sales Outlook - Quick Facts HeidelbergCement Q3 Profit Down;says Confident To Exceed €400 Mln Synergy Target Osram Licht Q4 Profit Declines; Sees Growth In 2017 - Quick Facts Heidelberg Reports Positive Net Result In Q2; Affirms Fiscal Year Targets Carlsberg Q3 Revenues Decline; But Lifts FY16 Profit Outlook - Quick Facts E.ON 9-month Loss Narrows; Confirms 2016 Profit Outlook Munich Re Lifts FY View, Q3 Profit Rises - Quick Facts Swiss Life 9-month Fee Income Rises; Premiums Down; On Track For FY16 Targets Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video German stocks - Factors to watch on October 31 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Intel | Mon Oct 31, 2016 | 2:05am EDT German stocks - Factors to watch on October 31 FRANKFURT Oct 31 The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks on Monday: BASF A third firefighter has died of his injuries following last week's explosion at the headquarters of German chemicals group BASF BASFn.DE, the company said on Saturday. BAYER Bayer bought a 12.8 percent share in U.S.-based Crispr Therapeutics, with whom it already has a joint venture for new breakthrough therapeutics to cure blood disorders, blindness and congenital heart disease. DAIMLER Daimler is expecting another record year for its vans unit, with sales and profits "significantly above last year's", the head of the division, Volker Mornhinweg, told Euro am Sonntag. DEUTSCHE BANK U.S. and UK authorities have made progress in their investigation into allegations that Deutsche Bank helped its clients in Russia disguise suspicious trades, and a settlement could come by the first half of next year, people familiar with the matter told Reuters on Friday. Separately, Deutsche Bank is among more than 20 bidders in talks to potentially buy a 3.2 billion euro ($3.5 billion) loan portfolio from state-owned rival HSH Nordbank as Germany's biggest lender tries to do deals despite its troubles, sources told Reuters. FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE The kidney dialysis provider will acquire German medical company Xenios, Heilbronner Stimme reported on Friday, citing spokespeople for both companies. LUFTHANSA Cabin crew trade union UFO has rejected an offer to mediate a dispute over pay and conditions with Lufthansa's budget flights unit Eurowings, Lufthansa said on Sunday, raising the probability of strike action. MERCK KGAA Merck is exploring a sale of its biosimilars unit, according to people familiar with the matter, as that business faces fierce competition from larger players in the sector. VOLKSWAGEN Volkswagen needs to consider investing in its own battery production amid a shift to electric cars expected to cost the carmaker a five-digit number of jobs in coming years, VW's human resources chief told the Frankfurt Allgemeine Zeitung. EVONIK Hedge fund Greenlight Capital sold out of its profitable stock holdings in Vodafone and Evonik, according to a letter sent to investors Friday and seen by Reuters. KUKA Kuka has agreed to buy the 49 percent it did not already own of family-owned German robotics company Reis from its founder, it said late on Friday. OSRAM, AIXTRON China is strategically buying up key technologies in Germany while protecting its own companies against foreign takeovers with "discriminatory requirements", German Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Saturday, ratcheting up his rhetoric against Chinese acquisitions of German companies ahead of a trip to China this week. The trip comes a week after his ministry withdrew approval for Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund to buy chip equipment maker Aixtron, citing security concerns. The government is also scrutinising the sale of Osram's general lighting lamps business Ledvance to a consortium of Chinese buyers. SOLARWORLD The company reported lower sales and earnings in the third quarter, citing a "negative" market environment. RIB SOFTWARE Q3 results due. HYPOPORT Q3 results due. TAKKT Q3 results due. OVERSEAS STOCK MARKETS Dow Jones -0.1 pct, S&P 500 -0.3 pct, Nasdaq -0.5 pct at close. Nikkei -0.2 pct, Shanghai stocks -0.2 pct. Time: 6.05 GMT. GERMAN ECONOMIC DATA German September retail sales due at 0600 GMT. Seen +0.2 pct m/m, +1.5 pct y/y. EUROPEAN FACTORS TO WATCH DIARIES REUTERS TOP NEWS (Reporting by Andreas Cremer, Georgina Prodhan and Tina Bellon) Next In Intel Dodd-Frank easing may herald more lending for banks NEW YORK Deregulation may not mean the death knell of Dodd-Frank, yet it may help lenders do more of what their name implies: lend. U.S. slams proposed Israeli bill on settlements as 'troubling step' WASHINGTON The United States on Monday described as "troubling" an Israeli bill supported by a ministerial committee allowing settlers in the occupied West Bank to remain in homes built on private Palestinian land and said it hoped the law does not pass. Fiat Chrysler, Cummins reject diesel cheating suit WASHINGTON Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV and Cummins Inc said on Monday they will fight a class-action lawsuit filed against the companies accusing them of cheating on diesel emissions tests. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Growing up as a refugee Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research Postherpetic Neuralgia Pipeline Landscape and Therapeutics under development Market Review H2 2016 PUNE, India, October 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ReportsnReports.com adds "Postherpetic Neuralgia - Pipeline Review, H2 2016" to its store providing an overview of the Postherpetic Neuralgia's therapeutic pipeline with comprehensive information on the therapeutic development for Postherpetic Neuralgia, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type, along with latest updates, and featured news and press releases. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Postherpetic Neuralgia and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. Complete report on H2 2016 pipeline review of Postherpetic Neuralgia with 32 market data tables and 15 figures, spread across 98 pages is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/729116-postherpetic-neuralgia-pipeline-review-h2-2016.html. Postherpetic neuralgia is a complication of shingles, which is caused by the chickenpox (herpes zoster) virus. Signs and symptoms may include pain, sensitivity to light touch, itching and numbness and weakness or paralysis. The predisposing factors include age, people with HIV and Hodgkin's lymphoma. Treatment includes anticonvulsants, antidepressants and opioid painkillers. Postherpetic Neuralgia pipeline therapeutics constitutes close to 23 molecules. which approximately 23 molecules are developed by Companies. The molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical and Discovery stages are 1, 4, 7, 3, 7 and 1 respectively. The report outlays comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Postherpetic Neuralgia, complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. It also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Postherpetic Neuralgia and features dormant and discontinued projects. The report is built using data and information sourced from proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Companies discussed in this Postherpetic Neuralgia Pipeline Review, H2 2016 report include Aestus Therapeutics, Inc., ContraVir Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Daewoong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited, Immune Pharmaceuticals Inc., Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine Co., Ltd., KPI Therapeutics, Inc., Lpath, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Patagonia Pharmaceuticals, LLC, Pfizer Inc., Phosphagenics Limited, Relmada Therapeutics, Inc., Scilex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. and Toray Industries, Inc. Order a copy of this report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=729116. Drug Profiles mentioned in this research report are (amitriptyline + ketamine hydrochloride), (clonidine hydrochloride + naltrexone hydrochloride), ATX-08001, bupivacaine hydrochloride, C-746, DWP-05195, funapide, FV-100, ketoprofen, lidocaine hydrochloride, lidocaine hydrochloride patch, Lpathomab, mepivacaine hydrochloride, mirogabalin besylate, MK-8291, naltrexone hydrochloride, PATN-02, pregabalin CR, pregabalin SR, REL-1017, TRK-700, U-2902 and zucapsaicin. The report helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. Another newly published market research report titled on Pulmonary Fibrosis - Pipeline Review, H2 2016 provides comprehensive information on the therapeutic development for Pulmonary Fibrosis, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type, along with latest updates, and featured news and press releases. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Pulmonary Fibrosis and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. It strengthens R&D pipelines by identifying new targets and MOAs to produce first-in-class and best-in-class products. Companies Involved in Therapeutics Development are AdAlta Pty Ltd., Advinus Therapeutics Ltd, Aeolus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Afferent Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Angion Biomedica Corp., Apellis Pharmaceuticals Inc, Asahi Kasei Pharma Corp., aTyr Pharma, Inc., Biogen Inc, Bioneer Corporation, BiOrion Technologies B.V., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Celgene Corporation, Chrysalis Pharma SAS, Clanotech AB, Compugen Ltd., Cynata Therapeutics Limited, Diffusion Pharmaceuticals Inc., Digna Biotech, S.L., Elsalys Biotech SAS, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., FibroGen, Inc., FibroStatin SL, Galapagos NV, Galectin Therapeutics, Inc., GenKyoTex S.A., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc., GNI Group Ltd., HEC Pharm Co., Ltd., Yuhan Corporation etc. Pulmonary Fibrosis Pipeline market research report of 377 pages is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/729115-pulmonary-fibrosis-pipeline-review-h2-2016.html. Explore more reports on Pharmaceuticals. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 100+ leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole, Next to Inox theatre, Bund garden road Pune-411001 Maharashtra, India Tel: +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsnreports.com Connect With Us on: Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ReportsnReports/ LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports Twitter: https: //twitter.com/marketsreports G+ / Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/111656568937629536321/posts RSS/Feeds: http: //http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports More by this Source Chemical Sensors Market to Grow at 10.15% CAGR by 2021 as Demand from Medical and Automotive Sectors Increases 12:30 GMT Baby Carriers Market Growing Steadily at 3.68% CAGR to 2020 08:00 GMT UBI Industry Global Trends With Focus on North America, Europe, China Regions 06:00 GMT View all news by ReportsnReports Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Pittsburgh City Paper   Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account Things to Read Things to Do Watch+Listen Fun+Free Best of PGH Browse Things to Read Blogs News & Features CP Longform Music Visual Arts Books Theater & Dance Food & Drink Movie Reviews Sports Views Issue Archives Special Issues & Guides Browse Things to Do Short List Music Listings Critics' Picks Event Listings Happy Hour Listings Dining Guide City Guide CP Happs App Submit an Event Listing Browse Watch+Listen Lynn Cullen Live City Paper Podcast Sound Bite Five Minutes in Food History CP TV Slideshows Audio Archives FAQ412 Browse Fun+Free Win Free Stuff Job Search Daily Rundown Sign Up 25th Anniversary Giveaway Burgh Bargains Browse Best of PGH Food & Drink Culture & Night Life Goods & Services People & Places Archives | RSS Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Friday, June 24, 2016 Health Health professionals tell Allegheny County to make HPV vaccine mandatory Posted By Ashley Murray on Fri, Jun 24, 2016 at 3:06 PM This week, the Allegheny County Department of Health, along with Allegheny County Council members, heard testimony in support of and against — but mostly in support — making the HPV vaccine mandatory for children, both boys and girls, ages 11 and 12. Human papillomavirus, or HPV, is the most common sexually transmitted disease, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which along with the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends the three-dose (over a period of six months) vaccine at that age, meaning before kids generally become sexually active. More than 25 speakers — including doctors, researchers, executives from health-care foundations, high school students, cancer survivors and even a dentist — addressed Dr. Karen Hacker, head of the Allegheny County Health Department, and council members. Dr. Liz Miller, director of community health at Children's Hospital at Pittsburgh and a professor of pediatrics at the University of Pittsburgh's School of Medicine, called the vaccine mandate "critically important" for "bridging the gap" in parts of Allegheny County where parents might not be educated on HPV, or where access to primary care is less likely. "The HPV vaccine is frankly a no-brainer," she said. According to the CDC, in most cases HPV will go away on its own. But when it doesn't, it can cause genital warts and cancers, including cervical cancer, cancer of the vulva, vagina, penis or anus. Cancer caused by HPV can also manifest itself in the throat, tongue and tonsils. Currently the vaccine is mandatory for school entry in Rhode Island, Virginia and Washington, D.C. "We have spoken with all three states to better understand their perspectives and experience," Hacker wrote in an email to City Paper. She says the vaccine is covered by most health-insurance plans and is included in the Affordable Care Act's preventive measures. John Rhodes, a 50-year-old assistant basketball coach for the Duquesne University Dukes, testified as a throat- and neck-cancer survivor. He called himself a "6-foot-9 walking billboard" for the HPV vaccine. He has been in remission for seven months after being treated for stage-four cancer that settled in his lymph nodes and was caused by HPV.  "My kids are vaccinated," he said. "As a coach and a competitive person, I challenge you [to mandate the vaccine]." Several doctors shared concern for the pain and complications their patients feel once they are diagnosed with a cancer caused by HPV. Dr. Umamaheswar Duvvuri, a head- and neck-cancer surgeon at UPMC and the local VA hospital, told the crowd about his 55-year-old male patient from Dubois, Pa., who found a lump on his neck. "I spent the day removing a large portion of this man's tongue," he said. "That could've been prevented." After the meeting, he explained that he and colleagues will be operating on six patients and treating four others for "oropharyngeal" cancers — head and neck cancers — and that those types of cancers are predicted to rise by 2020. Sixteen-year-old Sydney Reyes, of Riverview Junior-Senior High School, addressed another common argument against the vaccine — that it will encourage sexual promiscuity in teenagers. "This assumption can be resolved by having a proper discussion with your teen, not by blocking a vaccination," Reyes said. "Why should we risk a life like this when we really don't have to?" A few speakers against the vaccine mandate expressed their concerns to the councilors. A parent named Amy Rafferty read a letter from a friend whose daughter allegedly suffered severe hypertonia — muscles spasms — to the point where she couldn't walk anymore after receiving Gardasil, the HPV vaccine from Merck. James Lyons-Weiler, who formerly worked at the Hillman Cancer Center and who started his own research group entitled the "Institute for Pure and Applied Knowledge," told the crowd he was concerned that the current vaccine would allow for stronger virus strains to attack humans in the future. Yesterday, Lyons-Weiler posted a 3,000-word essay on his blog denouncing the medical professionals who asked Allegheny County to mandate the vaccine. He also mentioned that he met Rafferty because she organized the local screening of VAXXED — an anti-vaccine documentary that was kicked off the Tribeca Film Festival schedule, and which City Paper's film critic Al Hoff said came "across as an infomercial by way of a conspiracy theory for a discredited argument." Speakers who followed opponents of the vaccine mandate contradicted their arguments. Hacker says the comments gathered at the hearing will be presented to the board of health in July. "They wanted us to consider what the public felt [about an HPV-vaccine mandate]," Hacker said by phone today.  If the board decides to recommend a mandate, a public-comment period would follow. Editor's note: This post has been udpated to include comments from Dr. Karen Hacker. Tags: HPV, vaccines, Allegheny County, health, news, Image « Advocates ask Port Authority of All…  |  National revitalization conference… » Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Speaking of... Consolation prize: Allegheny County turns bluer among historic GOP victory in Pennsylvania Nov 14, 2016 Lineup Card Nov 9, 2016 What can be done to expand public transit to underserved communities? Nov 2, 2016 More » More Blogh » Latest in Blogh March against Dakota Access Pipeline tomorrow in Pittsburgh Nov 14, 2016 Pittsburgh Police Chief Cameron McLay says goodbye to community Nov 11, 2016 Pioneering Disney animator Floyd Norman visits Pittsburgh tomorrow for screening, talk Nov 11, 2016 More »   Sort Oldest to Newest Newest to Oldest Most Liked Comments (14) Showing 1-14 of 14 Add a comment   Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Showing 1-14 of 14 Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread CityPaper Social Media Facebook Pittsburgh CityPaper Twitter PGHCityPaper Instagram Snapchat YouTube RSS Pittsburgh Citypaper Newsletter Subscriptions Listings Events Music Dining Bars -All Dates- Monday, November 14 Tuesday, November 15 Wednesday, November 16 Thursday, November 17 Friday, November 18 Saturday, November 19 Sunday, November 20 Monday, November 21 Tuesday, November 22 Wednesday, November 23 Thursday, November 24 Friday, November 25 Saturday, November 26 Sunday, November 27 Monday, November 28 Tuesday, November 29 Wednesday, November 30 Thursday, December 1 Friday, December 2 Saturday, December 3 Sunday, December 4 Monday, December 5 Tuesday, December 6 Wednesday, December 7 Thursday, December 8 Friday, December 9 Saturday, December 10 Sunday, December 11 Monday, December 12 Tuesday, December 13 Wednesday, December 14 -All Categories- ARTS & COMMUNITY   Auditions   Comedy   Dance   Exhibits   Festivals   Fundraisers   Holiday   Kidstuff   Literary   Other Stuff   Outside   Politics   Special   Submissions   Theater   Visual Art   Volunteers -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople Submit an event -All Dates- Monday, November 14 Tuesday, November 15 Wednesday, November 16 Thursday, November 17 Friday, November 18 Saturday, November 19 Sunday, November 20 Monday, November 21 Tuesday, November 22 Wednesday, November 23 Thursday, November 24 Friday, November 25 Saturday, November 26 Sunday, November 27 Monday, November 28 Tuesday, November 29 Wednesday, November 30 Thursday, December 1 Friday, December 2 Saturday, December 3 Sunday, December 4 Monday, December 5 Tuesday, December 6 Wednesday, December 7 Thursday, December 8 Friday, December 9 Saturday, December 10 Sunday, December 11 Monday, December 12 Tuesday, December 13 Wednesday, December 14 -All Categories- Acoustic Blues Classical Country DJs Easy Listening/Oldies Hip Hop/R&B Holiday Music Jazz Open Stage Other Music Reggae Rock/Pop World -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople Submit an event -All Categories- RESTAURANTS   American   Asian   Bakery   Barbecue   Breakfast   Brew Pub   Cafe/Coffeehouse   Cambodian   Caribbean   Celtic/Irish   Chinese   Continental   Deli/Sandwich Shop   Delivery   Ethiopian   French   German   Greek/Middle Eastern   Ice Cream and Dessert   Indian   Italian   Japanese   Korean   Latin American   Mexican   Pizza   Polish   Pub Grub   Quick Bites   Seafood   Southern Cuisine   Spanish   Steakhouse   Thai   Vegan/Vegetarian   Vietnamese CULTURE & ENTERTAINMENT   Art gallery   Bar/club   Bookstore   Coffeehouse   Comedy club   Dance club   Exhibition space   Lecture/performance hall   Live theater   Movie theater   Museum   Music venue   Strip club   Wineries, Distilleries, and Breweries COMMUNITY & PUBLIC PLACES   College/university   Hotel   Kids' activities   Library   Park/outdoors -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople DAILY RUNDOWN Sign up for Daily Rundown and get the freshest content sent right to your inbox. Subscribe CP TV Inside 7 Birds, a new lawn game designed in Pittsburgh More CP TV » Digital Issues This Week... Special Issues 2016 Dining Guide 2016 City Guide 2016 Wedding Guide Magazine Locations Read Past Issues Advertise | Archives | Contact Us | Freelance/Intern | Comments/Privacy Policy | National Advertising | Subscriptions | RSS Feed © 2016 Pittsburgh City Paper Website powered by Foundation National Advertising by VMG Advertising
null
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New 2016 11/14/16 06:30 PM EST Why Women Rejected Hillary By Peg Tyre It’s long past time to stop pretending there’s a “women’s vote.” Trump proved that we don’t come together as a bloc anymore. Updated 11/14/16 06:24 PM EST Trump will honor NATO commitment, Obama says By Madeline Conway Trump was often critical of NATO on the campaign trail, calling it "obsolete." 11/14/16 06:20 PM EST Obama knocks Clinton for not working as hard as he did By Glenn Thrush and Nolan D. McCaskill "I spent 87 days going to every small town and fair and fish fry and VFW hall," Obama said. 11/14/16 06:18 PM EST Priebus asks GOP officials to be patient with RNC leadership change By Alex Isenstadt Priebus indicated that his successor was not yet lined up. Updated 11/14/16 06:14 PM EST SEC Chair Mary Jo White stepping down By Patrick Temple-West The vacancy will test Trump's willingness to crack down on Wall Street. 11/14/16 06:10 PM EST Obama: Parts of Trump's temperament 'will not serve him well' 11/14/16 06:09 PM EST Obama: Trump is 'pragmatic' 11/14/16 06:06 PM EST Trump will have to reckon his divisive campaign with 'reality,' Obama says 11/14/16 05:55 PM EST Will Bannon bring the ‘alt-right’ to the White House? By Katie Glueck Trump’s decision to appoint the Breitbart executive his chief strategist is stoking fears among conservatives and liberal minority groups alike. 11/14/16 05:47 PM EST Obama: Democrats 'have to compete everywhere' Updated 11/14/16 05:44 PM EST GOP sweep boosts pharma spiritis By Brett Norman and Sarah Karlin-Smith Post-election 'Cures' outlook: Why now? — New Rx price investigations Updated 11/14/16 05:40 PM EST Rep. Ellison formally announces run for DNC chair By Daniel Strauss "I will work tirelessly to make the Democratic Party an organization that brings us together," Rep. Keith Ellison said. 11/14/16 05:31 PM EST Poll: Americans believe Trump can bring prosperity, skeptical he can bring peace By Steven Shepard More than six-in-10 Americans say Trump’s administration will “reduce unemployment and create new jobs." Updated 11/14/16 05:29 PM EST Ryan set to win speaker election By Rachael Bade He's expected to win an internal GOP election on Tuesday. 11/14/16 05:27 PM EST Trump adviser linked to Turkish lobbying By Isaac Arnsdorf A company tied to Erdogan's government hired retired general Michael Flynn's lobbying firm. 11/14/16 05:16 PM EST Obama warns against pulling U.S. out of trade deals By Megan Cassella The president's comments are a direct contrast to Trump's pledges to renegotiate or withdraw from a number of pacts. 11/14/16 05:15 PM EST Clinton wins New Hampshire By Patrick Reis New Hampshire is worth 4 Electoral College votes, bringing Hillary Clinton's total to 232 votes. 11/14/16 05:13 PM EST Clinton digital chief: Democrats to target Facebook’s fake news By Nancy Scola "A publisher with a record of making stuff up is not likely to rank that highly on Google, and the equivalent ought to be the case on Facebook." Updated 11/14/16 05:06 PM EST Pence pushes for email privacy By Matthew Nussbaum Vice President-elect Mike Pence is seeking to keep secret the contents of an email relating to Indiana’s participation, at his behest, in a lawsuit to... 11/14/16 05:02 PM EST Obama warns Trump against ripping up Iran deal By Brent Griffiths "When you're not responsible for it, I think you can call it a terrible deal," President Barack Obama said. 11/14/16 05:01 PM EST Obama dares Trump to do better on Obamacare By Dan Diamond Obama said repealing Obamacare was the "holy grail" for Republicans. Wealth Of Nations 11/14/16 05:00 PM EST Why Wall Street Is Suddenly in Love with Trump By William D. Cohan It’s not just the return of ‘Government Sachs’ in the person of new White House strategist Steve Bannon. Traders are thinking Trump’s policies might actually... 11/14/16 04:48 PM EST Trump will have to reckon his divisive campaign with 'reality,' Obama says By Madeline Conway “Regardless of what experience or assumptions he brought to the office, this office has a way of waking you up,” Obama said. 11/14/16 04:45 PM EST Obama: Trump is 'pragmatic' By Yousef Saba “I don't think he is ideological,” Obama says of Trump. Updated 11/14/16 04:45 PM EST Tim Ryan weighs challenge to Pelosi as Democrats reel By Heather Caygle and John Bresnahan Leadership elections set for Thursday 11/14/16 04:34 PM EST Obama: Parts of Trump's temperament 'will not serve him well' By Nolan D. McCaskill "Everybody around the world’s paying attention," President Barack Obama said. 11/14/16 04:25 PM EST Obama: Democrats 'have to compete everywhere' By Yousef Saba "We have to work at a grassroots level," Obama says. Updated 11/14/16 04:24 PM EST Trump and Putin discuss future ties in phone call By Brent Griffiths The two men's phone call comes after a bitterly fought U.S. election. 11/14/16 04:22 PM EST Obama ducks a question about Steve Bannon By Nolan D. McCaskill "It's in Trump's power to name whoever he wants to fill his administration," President Barack Obama said. 11/14/16 04:04 PM EST Trump will honor NATO commitment, Obama says 11/14/16 04:00 PM EST Obama reminds Trump: 'There's only one president at a time' By Nolan D. McCaskill “My team stands ready to accelerate in the next steps that are required to ensure a smooth transition, and we are gonna be staying in touch as we travel,”... 11/14/16 03:15 PM EST Liberal super PAC seeks Trump records from government agencies By Nolan D. McCaskill “Donald Trump enters the White House with too many conflicts of interest to count, like tapping his children to both run his company and help lead the... Updated 11/14/16 03:15 PM EST Battle to lead NRCC hits overdrive By Rachael Bade and Theodoric Meyer Steve Stivers and Roger Williams both claim support in their bids to head the House GOP campaign arm. 11/14/16 02:51 PM EST White House: Obama, Mexican president avoid discussing Trump during call By Louis Nelson The two presidents apparently did not discuss the elephant in room. 11/14/16 02:33 PM EST Two presidential electors encourage colleagues to sideline Trump By Kyle Cheney "This is a longshot. It’s a hail Mary," one Washington State elector says. Updated 11/14/16 02:33 PM EST Pelosi says Trump's chief strategist is a 'white nationalist' By Yousef Saba Trump’s allies have defended Bannon’s appointment to the top White House position, while mainstream Republicans have remained largely silent. 11/14/16 02:27 PM EST Trump said to narrow choices for Treasury to Mnuchin, Ross By Ben White NEW YORK - Donald Trump has narrowed his focus for Treasury secretary to a pair of candidates, former Goldman Sachs banker Steve Mnuchin and billionaire... 11/14/16 02:08 PM EST Sen. Sessions: I’d be 'pleased to consider' Trump cabinet job By Burgess Everett "Happy to be in the Senate but if I were to be asked I'd be pleased to consider it," Sessions said. 11/14/16 02:00 PM EST Pence brings small K Street network By Isaac Arnsdorf Waxman, Soros and DA on Democratic resistance — Are corporate boards a new client base? 11/14/16 01:59 PM EST Gwen Ifill dead at age 61 By Kelsey Sutton and Hadas Gold The longtime PBS news anchor who had served as a co-host of PBS's NewsHour and as moderator of 'Washington Week' had been undergoing treatment for cancer. Updated 11/14/16 01:41 PM EST Trump allies defend Steve Bannon By Louis Nelson "I like to judge people as I see it as opposed to seeing what other people say," Reince Priebus says. 11/14/16 01:38 PM EST Jordan says he will continue push for IRS chief’s impeachment By Katy O'Donnell Jordan renewed the call for impeachment in a statement to POLITICO Monday criticizing the agency for denying tax-exempt status to the Albuquerque Tea Party... 11/14/16 01:23 PM EST Bernie Sanders to Bannon: Americans won't turn on each other 11/14/16 01:20 PM EST GOP on Bannon: 'Priebus is great' By Patrick Reis "The president-elect always gets to pick his team going forward," McCarthy told reporters on Monday. 11/14/16 01:17 PM EST Cummings asks House Oversight Committee to review Trump's financial arrangements By Nolan D. McCaskill “We have never had a president like Mr. Trump in terms of his vast financial entanglements," he says. 11/14/16 01:13 PM EST Bernie Sanders to Bannon: Americans won't turn on each other By Brent Griffiths Sanders' criticism comes at a time when many in the Trump world are defending Bannon attempting to fend off not not only political opponents, but organizations... 11/14/16 01:01 PM EST Conway defends 'brilliant tactician' Steve Bannon By Nolan D. McCaskill He’s a “brilliant tactician,” she said, calling him “the general of this campaign.” 11/14/16 12:51 PM EST Rep. Sánchez woos freshmen Democrats in her leadership race By Heather Caygle The caucus has always planned to decide the vice chair race after the holiday. 11/14/16 12:50 PM EST Reince Priebus defends Steve Bannon as 'force for good' on campaign 11/14/16 12:41 PM EST Trump University plaintiffs propose trial without Trump By Josh Gerstein "We do know that any delay would be a slippery slope because President-Elect Trump’s life is only going to get more complicated and unpredictable... You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Barack Obama Paul Ryan Tim Kaine Mike Pence Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us WATCH LIVE - Election Aftermath: The New Politics of Trade – Did the election mark a fundamental realignment? Soros bands with donors to resist Trump, 'take back power' 5 takeaways on Trump's first 5 days Trump pledges to stay Trump Democrats look to exploit Trump divisions with GOP Congress Can the Freedom Caucus survive Donald Trump? Trump names Priebus and Bannon as top aides Politico Prescription Pulse A weekly briefing on pharmaceutical policy news Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Pharma campaign against CA ballot measure tops $126M By Sarah Karlin-Smith and Brett Norman 10/31/16 12:00 PM EDT Updated 11/02/16 06:11 PM EDT With help from Mary Lee PHARMA CAMPAIGN AGAINST PROP 61 TOPS $126 MILLION — The drug industry has amassed a $126 million war chest to fight off the California ballot measure that would require the state to pay no more for drugs than the Veterans Administration pays. In the last month, the industry has collected more than $22 million, the latest data posted online shows. Most of the campaign’s money is now out the door — more than $105 million. That leaves just under $20.5 million left to spend in the last week of the election — but that’s still more than the total raised by the groups pushing the ballot measure — just shy of $14 million. … Meanwhile the Yes campaign aired a 30-minute documentary on the topic, featuring Bernie Sanders on local CBS stations over the weekend. Here’s a link to the trailer. Story Continued Below The drug industry campaign says the $126 million total is misleading because it doesn't include $17 million in debt. The industry says it has only raised $109 million. The Secretary of State's office said that campaigns can end with outstanding debt. Here's a more detail filing from the pharma campaign. ... The Sacramento Bee has been running fact checks on ads from both sides. The Bee says drug industry ads describing the effects on veterans are misleading because they wrongly assume the drug prices for individual veterans would increase. VA recipients have fixed co-pays and some qualify for free health care altogether, the paper notes. Another Bee fact check found that the Yes campaign is overstating the potential savings. Happy Halloween and welcome to Prescription PULSE, where we note that this week in 1899, Sigmund Freud published The Interpretation of Dreams, for anyone who needs to sort out their creepy nightmares. KAISER: CONSUMER OUT OF POCKET DRUG SPENDING FELL THROUGH 2014 — Average out-of-pocket spending for families in large employer-sponsored plans dropped from $167 in 2009 to $144 in 2014, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation analysis released Friday. That’s partly because of patent expirations for a host of blockbusters in 2010 and 2012 that increased generic drug use. But the ACA coverage of contraceptives had a big impact, Kaiser found. … More than one in five women of reproductive age spent out-of-pocket on oral contraceptives in 2012, before the contraceptive mandate kicked in. That plummeted to less than 4 percent in 2014. The change accounted for nearly two-thirds of the out-of-pocket spending drop from 2012 to 2014. See the graph here. “This is counterintuitive, because at the same time we know drug prices have gone up, total spending on drugs has gone up, and people are very concerned about it, as the polling shows,” says Kaiser’s Cynthia Cox, who led the research. Part of the explanation may be that insurers are increasingly using prescription drug deductibles instead of, or in addition to, co-pays. While co-pays spread out-of-pocket costs throughout the year, deductibles are born up front, which can make consumers more aware of both the total cost of a drug and price increases, Cox said. Also, the share of people facing out-of-pocket drug costs over $1,000 per year, though still small, almost tripled from 1 percent in 2004 to 2.8 percent in 2014. And employers are feeling the pain. In 2014, their retail prescription drug spending spiked 13 percent, and on average employers are paying a higher share of retail drug costs in 2014 than in 2004. Read the full analysis here. MOST DRUGS WITHOUT GENERIC OPTIONS DON’T HAVE APPS PENDING AT FDA — The FDA has taken a lot of heat in the drug pricing wars for being slow to approve generic versions of drugs, which in theory at least could add competition and bring prices down. But a new analysis from RBC Capital Markets shows there aren’t many drugs for which faster FDA action would be helpful. The real problem may be that companies aren’t applying to make generic versions of many off-patent drugs. Only 23 applications pending at FDA would be the first generic version of a brand drug that is no longer protected by any patents or market exclusivity. In comparison, 125 drugs with no patent or market exclusivity have no approved generic alternative or generic application submitted to FDA. There are also 313 FDA-approved drugs that are still protected by patents and exclusivities and ineligible for competition. Of course the bulk of available meds do have generic alternatives– 867 do have competitors, per RBC’s data. PHARMA IN THE STATES PA PASSES OPIOID LAWS — Five bills restricting opioid prescribing and requiring doctor education are headed to the Pennsylvania’s governor desk, Central Penn Business Journal reports. One bars doctors from prescribing more than one week’s worth of the painkillers unless it’s for cancer or a few other exceptions. INVESTOR CALLS REVEAL DRUG PRICING NEWS Payer pressure leads to R&D changes — Novo Nordisk said on its third-quarter earnings calls that it is updating its research and development strategy to reflect the tougher U.S. payer environment, Bernstein financial analyst reports. The innovation threshold for its research is now higher, Novo Nordisk said. The company, known for its diabetes meds, is also dropping its plan to develop an oral insulin. Eli Lilly’s ties to PBMS under federal investigation — The drug company announced Friday that it has received a civil investigative demand from the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York asking for documents related to its contracts with, and payments to, pharmacy benefits managers. This follows a disclosure by the country’s biggest PBM Express Scripts earlier in the week that U.S. attorneys in Massachusetts and New York are asking it to explain how it sets pricing, pays its clients and offers discounts to patients. As the drug pricing debate has heated up, more attention has turned to the role of pharmacy benefits managers — including whether their quest to profit off of drug rebates is leading to higher list prices. Wholesalers hit by less rx price inflation — Wholesaler McKesson said Thursday that its profits are being hurt by slower-than-expected drug price inflation, which makes it harder for it to turn a profit on buying drugs directly from manufacturers and selling them to pharmacies. In a Wall Street Journal article David Larsen of research firm Leerink described the problem for wholesalers as “long term and the new normal.” CURES: PRESSURE’S ON — Research groups are pushing Congress to pass the 21st Century Cures in the lame duck after a coalition of labor and consumer advocacy groups, including the Center for American Progress, urged Democrats to withhold support until the bill can be expanded to address high drug prices. “Putting this bill off until the next Congress likely means putting it off for the foreseeable future – a terrible outcome for our country,” United for Medical Research wrote Friday in a letter to Senate leadership. Research!America also asked Congress to pass Cures this year. Reality check: If Democrats were to insist that Cures address drug prices, the bill would be dead. That said, a watered down version of the CREATES Act — designed to increase access to generic drugs — has been part of the pay-for negotiations, and could be a face-saver on the issue. ** A message from The Biologics Prescribers Collaborative (BPC): Meaningful suffixes are important in medicine. That’s why 80% of doctors surveyed prefer them for biosimilar naming. The FDA is considering naming biosimilar medicines with a random code versus a more recognizable name. Physician groups call for biosimilar names that are easily distinguished and recognized. Learn more from http://biologicsprescribers.org ** Obamacare’s Prevention and Public Health Fund is another potential CURES funding source. Republicans have been eyeing this pot for some time. It provides $1 billion a year in public health funding now but is slated to gradually increase to $2 billion by 2022. Committee negotiators are considering possibly capping the fund from 2018 to 2022 at its current $1 billion level, research advocates said. That would free up other funds to deliver a pay-for of $2.5 billion, which would be a major down payment on a slimmed down Cures expected to cost about $4 billion. How much of a haircut to the prevention fund Democrats might go along with remains unclear. HEDGE FUND WINS FIRST PHARMA IPR CASES — Kyle Bass’s Coalition for Affordable Drugs won two patent office Patent Trial and Appeal Board cases last week. In the first, the board found that most claims for Shire’s short bowel syndrome drug Gattex are invalid. In the second case, it found that patents related to Celgene’s cancer drugs Thalomid, Revlimid and Pomalyst are invalid. Bass previously has had success in bringing some patent challenges to the trial stage but these are the first cases to score a win at the trial-level. Bass’s group lost its first trial last month. The IPR process was designed to be a faster method for challenging patents than through the court system, but the final patent trial decisions can be appealed to the federal courts. The drug industry argues the process makes it too easy to invalidate patents and allows people like Bass, who have no interest or ability to actually manufacture drugs, to initiate these cases. Law 360 has more details on the cases here and here. MORE EPIPEN DRAMA — It’s not just Medicaid. Reuters reports that the U.S. Department of Defense paid near retail prices for Mylan’s EpiPen since 2008 due to the allergy treatment’s classification as a generic drug. The Pentagon gets government discounts on EpiPens dispensed at military facilities and by mail order, but nearly half of its EpiPen spending was at retail pharmacies -- where EpiPen’s classification as a generic meant no rebates. DoD was paying nearly list price. ... Sen. Chuck Grassley announced last week he’ll hold a late November hearing on the settlement between the Justice Departmental and Mylan over the misclassification of EpiPens in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. But lots of Washington and Medicaid experts are already raising red flags that the settlement may not be the end of the company’s liability. Matt Salo, who directs the National Association of Medicaid Directors, said the states weren’t involved in the settlement and don’t know yet how much, if any, money they’ll receive from it — even though states pay for about half of Medicaid prescriptions. Experts say that could mean state attorneys general will initiate their own lawsuits against Mylan. More caveats on the settlement from Mintz Levin here. FDA REPORT SHOWS MOST POST-MARKET STUDIES TAKE A LONG TIME — New data released Friday shows how long it can take to get drug data under post-marketing requirements (PMRs). These are mandated clinical trials or studies that companies conduct post- drug approval to assess safety risks, study the treatment in children or provide additional information about the benefits of a drug that received accelerated approval. For example, only 45 percent of the PMRs from Fiscal Year 2008 had been fulfilled by the end of FY 2014, while 9 percent are delayed and another 9 percent haven’t even commenced. Similar trends persist for requirements from other years — only 36 percent of PMRs from 2009 have been completed, only 40 percent from 2010. FDA said many of the PMRs are for pediatric studies and companies often get this requirement deferred. QUICK HITS — EXECUTIVE ORDER ON DRUG PRICES. A months-long investigation by Washington Monthly finds the next president could invoke provisions of the 36-year-old Bayh-Dole Act to force pharmaceutical companies to slash drug prices. But the White House or federal agencies may hesitate to exercise this right due to fear of jeopardizing partnerships with researchers and pharma; spooking markets and the economy; or simply politics. — ALLIANCE EXPANSION. Teva Pharmaceutical and IBM announce an expansion of their e-Health alliance to accelerate drug development by repurposing existing drugs for new uses, and improving chronic disease management by combining Teva’s therapeutic technologies with IBM Watson Health Cloud’s cognitive computing. More here. — QUID PRO QUO. A STAT investigation found Oxycontin manufacturer Purdue Pharma made an arrangement with PBM Merck Medco to prevent insurers from limiting prescriptions of the painkiller at the dawn of what would become the national opioid crisis. Purdue also extended payments in the form of “rebates” to other PBMs in exchange for making the drug available without prior authorization and low copayments—landing Oxycontin on the least restrictive tier of formularies. — GMP DEAL. The U.S. and EU will work on harmonizing good manufacturing practice inspections and hope to reach a deal by January 2017. The negotiations are part of a larger trade deal where other potential areas for pharmaceutical and medical device regulatory coordination are in the works. More from RAPS. — REPORTING OVERSIGHT. The FDA is taking steps to improve reporting of injuries and deaths related to medical devices after inspections found 17 hospitals violated or skirted reporting requirements, Reuters reports. Several high-profile hospitals that significantly deviated from reporting regulations include Los Angeles-based Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and Boston-based Brigham and Women’s Hospital, reports RAPS. FDA’s device division will hold a public workshop on Dec. 5 on improving hospital surveillance systems. MOVING ON Becky Vaughn will join the Addiction Policy Forum as executive vice president and chief operating officer from the National Council of Behavioral Health. CATCHING OUR ATTENTION: PAYORS WIN IN ONE HIGH-PRICED DRUG BATTLE: The disappointing flops of highly-anticipated cholesterol drugs Repatha and Praluent are sending chills throughout the biotech industry, as the companies’ weak returns indicate that investing in high-priced drugs is not always a sustainable business. Doctors aren’t prescribing the costly medicines and insurers refuse to pay for them when they do — payers have denied more than 88 percent of first-time prescriptions for patients with commercial insurance. Medicare has denied about 77 percent of first-time prescription requisition. More from STAT. ** A message from The Biologics Prescribers Collaborative (BPC): Meaningful suffixes are important in medicine. That’s why 80% of doctors surveyed prefer them for biosimilar naming as well. The FDA is considering naming biosimilar medicines with a random code versus a more recognizable name. In a recent SERMO* poll, representing over 500 physicians across multiple specialties, 80% of physicians prefer a “meaningful suffix.” The Biologics Prescribers Collaborative (BPC) along with American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists (AACE), American College of Rheumatology (ACR), American Gastroenterological Association (AGA), Alliance for Patient Access (AfPA), Coalition of State Rheumatology Organizations (CSRO) and Endocrine Society and other physician groups across the country call for biosimilar names that are easily distinguished and recognized. Learn more from http://biologicsprescribers.org (*SERMO is the largest global social network exclusively for doctors.) ** « View Archives CLARIFICATION: A previous version of this newsletter did not include the $17 million debt owed by the drug industry's Prop 61 campaign. Authors: Sarah Karlin-Smith skarlin@politico.com Brett Norman bnorman@politico.com @brettnorman About The Author Sarah Karlin-Smith is a health care reporter, specializing in covering the policy and politics that affect the drug industry.  Before joining Politico she honed her health care coverage at FDAnews and "The Pink Sheet" where she covered all angles of pharmaceutical policy from clinical trials to patent law and pharma social media regulations on the Hill and at FDA. She can now recognize way too many FDA officials just by hearing their voices. In 2014, Sarah was selected as an Association of Health Care Journalists-National Library of Medicine fellow. She graduated with special honors in journalism and mass communication from The George Washington University where she also dabbled in American studies, guarded the women's club lacrosse team's goal, and fell in love with Washington. When she isn't reporting, Sarah can be found trying hard to one day touch her toes in a yoga class, defending her great homeland of New Jersey and whipping up silly balloon hats or dogs as a volunteer clown. She's working to add more balloon animals to her repertoire. About The Author Brett Norman is a reporter at POLITICO, covering health care and pharma politics. He has worked as a science writer with the brilliant biomedical researchers at Rockefeller University in New York and started his career covering cops, courts and government for the Pensacola News Journal, where he was on a team of reporters twice nominated for the Pulitzer Prize in Public Service. He graduated from the University of Chicago and Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism and lives in Washington with his wife, the journalist Kate Dailey, and their toddler son. Brett is a 2015-2016 Rosalynn Carter Mental Health Journalism fellow. Most Read Gwen Ifill dead at age 61 Trump says he's 'fine' with legalization of same-sex marriage 5 takeaways on Trump's first 5 days Soros bands with donors to resist Trump, 'take back power' 'Devastating' election for House Democrats triggers request to Pelosi Trump pledges to stay Trump Two presidential electors encourage colleagues to sideline Trump Democrats look to exploit Trump divisions with GOP Congress Will America Now Have a Pravda? Economy could soar and then crash under Trump Prescription Pulse - POLITICO Archive Monday, 11/14/16 Monday, 11/7/16 Monday, 10/31/16 Monday, 10/24/16 Monday, 10/17/16 View the Full Prescription Pulse Archives » Politico Magazine Why Women Rejected Hillary By Peg Tyre Why Wall Street Is Suddenly in Love with Trump By William D. Cohan Will America Now Have a Pravda? By Jack Shafer How President Trump Could Reshape the Supreme Court—and the Country By Jeffrey Rosen More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
