Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING: Stocks Pare Gains After Nasdaq Hits Record High  |  Nordstrom Mulls 'Going Private'  |  Alibaba Spikes On Hot Growth Forecast Research Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists IBD Industry Themes Dow's Merck 'Clearly Won' Vs. Bristol, Roche In Cancer Trials ALLISON GATLIN 6/05/2017 Reprints Dow component Merck (MRK) "clearly won the battle" in trials demonstrating cancer treatments over the weekend during the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting, an analyst said Monday. Investment bank Leerink noted combination data with Incyte (INCY) looked strong. Merck's Keytruda and Incyte's still-unapproved epacadostat were combined to treat an array of tumor types. All signs of cancer disappeared for two lung cancer patients who'd already undergone a prior round of therapy. Epacadostat is what's known as an IDO inhibitor. Keytruda is called a PD-1 inhibitor. Both are immuno-oncology drugs that work by blocking specific interactions that would prevent an immune response. But Merck and Incyte were far from alone on the immuno-oncology scene during the annual meeting in Chicago. Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY), Roche (RHHBY), NewLink Genetics (NLNK), Celgene (CELG) and Exelixis (EXEL) are all also looking to combine their drugs for better cancer-busting efficiency. Bristol's Opdivo and Yervoy were combined in advanced lung cancer patients over two years. Data show the combo has little incremental benefit vs. Opdivo as a monotherapy but Yervoy is "far from dead," Leerink analysts say. Opdivo is similar to Merck's Keytruda, whereas Yervoy works to inhibit an immune reaction involving the CTLA-4 protein receptor. Some patients are more susceptible to PD-1 inhibitors due to genetics. But cancer disappeared in 8% of all patients regardless of their genes. Roche is also combining its Tecentriq, which attacks cancer cells that camouflage themselves behind PD-L1 proteins, with NewLink Genetics' IDO inhibitor. The results looked safe and consistent with epacadostat, Leerink analysts said. Overall, 10% of patients had a response. The data are still new. IBD'S TAKE: Keep track of the biotech industry by bookmarking IBD's Biotech And Pharma Industry And Stock News page. Bristol is also working on emerging immuno-oncological targets in combination trials to treat multiple tumor types including one that could rival Incyte's epacadostat. Bristol, though, is partnered with Incyte on several ongoing trials. Outside immuno-oncology alone, companies like Tesaro (TSRO) are combining what are called PARP inhibitors with PD-1 inhibitors like Merck's Keytruda, an Evercore analyst said. In that vein, half of ovarian cancer patients responded and the remainder reached disease stability. In afternoon trading on the stock market today, IBD's 432-company Biomed/Biotech industry group was down less than 1%. Ethical drug stocks fell nearly 1%. RELATED: Tesaro Crashes Despite Beating AstraZeneca With 'Stronger' Data How Clovis, AstraZeneca Could 'Muddy' A Potential Deal For Tesaro Dow's Merck Beats Out Rival Bristol In Melanoma Study ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Breakout Watch: Top Funds Buy This Biotech IPO With 196% Growth 6/07/2017 Top fund managers have been buying shares in Biogen spinoff and 2017 IPO Bioverativ. Is it getting ready to breakout... 6/07/2017 Top fund managers have been buying shares in Biogen spinoff... Dow's Pfizer Faces Challenges As Roche, J&J, Lilly Loom Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis This Small Biotech Soared On Its Celgene-Partnered Trial Dow's Merck Making Massive Strides With Keytruda, Analyst Says Here Are Winners And Losers From Year's Biggest Cancer Meeting Industry News And Stocks To Watch Dow's Merck Beats Out Rival Bristol In Melanoma Study Bristol Drug Shows Promise In Treatment Of Cervical Cancer Today's Spotlight Try Leaderboard IBD Leaderboard is outperforming the S&P 500 by 27%. Start a 2-week FREE trial. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Boston (6/10) or St. Louis (6/24) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Let’s Stay in Touch! Get Free Emails on: Educational Content, Invitations to Special Events, Exclusive Offers and More! More News 3 Big Events, 2 China Plays, 1 Bitcoin Chip Stock: Investing Action Plan 'Star Wars,' 'Call of Duty,' Scorpio Vying To Be Top Guns At E3 Show Get the #1 trading app in the App Store from TD Ameritrade Promoted Content By TD Ameritrade Special Report IBD/TIPP Poll: Presidential Approval, Direction Of Country Trump's standing in the overall Presidential Leadership Index slipped in June, but his numbers remain above the low they hit in April. INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Subscribe log in Site Site Archive Life in womb, death in cancer, this enzyme is new research focus Monday Jun 5, 2017 at 2:03 PM Michelle Fay Cortez Bloomberg For a fetus in the womb, it's an enzyme that means life, a shield from a mother's immune system that would otherwise fight the embryo as an infection. Gone rogue, it can mean death -- protecting malignant tumors from attacks by the body's defenses. That enzyme, IDO, is now the target of the next wave of cancer research. Leading the pack with an experimental drug that inhibits IDO -- thus removing the cloud that protection around a tumor -- is Incyte Corp. The small firm from Wilmington, Delaware, has attracted four of the biggest makers of cancer treatments to collaborate on studies, including Merck & Co. While it's early stage, the hope is to create a two-pronged combined attack: an IDO inhibitor would lay a tumor bare, enabling infection-fighting cells that have been reinvigorated by existing therapies to give the kill shot. "We actually feel pretty strongly that it's likely this will be the standard of care for the treatment of melanoma in the next couple of years," said Jason Luke, assistant professor of medicine at the University of Chicago Medicine, who focuses on early drug development. "It's the combination that's closest to prime time." The IDO approach was the talk of the town among doctors and investors this weekend at the largest gathering of cancer researchers in the world, the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting in Chicago. The first results in a meaningful number of patients, presented Saturday, looked promising. They confirmed earlier research that adding Incyte's epacadostat to oncology drugs like Merck's Keytruda boost their effectiveness without significantly increasing side effects, the typical trade-off of such cocktails. The results of the final study needed for approval to market an epacadostat combination with Keytruda for melanoma are expected next year. The field of therapies that unleash the immune system's own defenses to fight tumors, known as immuno-oncology, has exploded in the past three years. It gave hope to patients when rounds of chemotherapy had failed, and created blockbusters like Keytruda. While very effective for certain patients, though, immunotherapies only work on fewer than half of them. To improve success rates, drugmakers turned to combining their immune-boosting therapies with other treatments -- a massive undertaking across the industry with almost 2,000 drug cocktails under study, according to Michael Schmidt, a biotechnology analyst at Leerink Partners in Boston. If successful, IDO drugs could create a market worth $3 billion to $5 billion annually, Schmidt said. Among the main challenges, however, would the price. New cancer medications cost $100,000 to $150,000 annually per patient. Putting two or three of the drugs into a single combination therapy could cause prices to skyrocket. "The issue is how on Earth are we actually going to pay for it," said Sam Fazeli, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence in London. "You have to make a significant difference on a patient's responsiveness or the duration of their response. Only time will tell." The idea to inhibit IDO was sparked by a 1998 study in Science that examined the interplay between the immune system's infection-fighting T-cells and tryptophan, an essential amino acid that provides the T-cells with fuel. The enzyme indoleamine, or IDO, can break down tryptophan, starving the T-cells and causing them to stop working. Embryos exploit this system by expressing IDO and avoiding the activation of the mother's infection-fighting T-cells, explaining what researchers dubbed the "paradox of fetal survival." Five years later, Belgian investigators found that most human tumors also express IDO, enabling them to grow unhindered. Incyte's first efforts failed: IDO inhibitors alone failed to kill off cancer cells. The company turned to partners -- Merck, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., Switzerland's Roche Holding and U.K.'s AstraZeneca. "We became somewhat promiscuous," said Steven Stein, Incyte's chief medical officer. "I don't know the secret sauce of why everyone wants to date us, but I come back to the fundamentals," he said. "If the data is positive, everyone can use it and advance the field and their own commercial interests." Besides the study combining epacadostat with Keytruda in melanoma, Incyte and Merck are trying the cocktail in four other tumor types, including lung, bladder and kidney cancers. Merck, Bristol-Myers and Roche are separately developing their own IDO inhibitor. And Roche is also working with NewLink Genetics Corp., a small drugmaker based in Iowa that has an IDO experimental drug. "It's an important aspect of the fight against cancer that companies can work with each other," said Herve Hoppenot, Incyte's chief executive officer. Still, researchers and the industry alike caution that it's still early. "This is the beginning of a very long journey," said Bob Abraham, group head of oncology research and development at New York drug giant Pfizer Inc., which is also getting into the race. "The next big thing is very difficult to pin down at this point." Luke, the University of Chicago Medicine oncologist, agrees. "We've all been here in cancer before where we were hopeful and it didn't pan out," said Luke, a proponent of IDO inhibitors and one of its early users. "We have to prove it. In oncology, it isn't true until it's true." ---  Bloomberg's Cynthia Koons contributed. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Contact Us Advertise With Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber My Profile ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why Dynavax Technologies Corporation Stock Soared Today A positive ASCO presentation for the experimental T-cell booster SD-101 is pushing Dynavax's shares higher today. George Budwell (TMFGBudwell) Jun 5, 2017 at 12:17PM What happened Shares of the clinical-stage biotech Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:DVAX) bolted higher this morning on elevated volume as a result of the company's 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) presentation over the weekend. Specifically, Dynavax announced the initial results from the dose escalation part of its combined phase 1/2 metastatic melanoma trial investigating its intratumoral TLR9 agonist SD-101, in combination with Merck's (NYSE:MRK)checkpoint inhibitor Keytruda. Impressively, the combo reportedly produced a 100% overall response rate in seven anti-PD-1/L1-naive patients and a complete response rate of 29%. As of 11:26 a.m. EDT, Dynavax's shares were up 15.2% on the back of this news.  Image Source: Getty Images. So what The key takeaway is that SD-101 appears to boost Keytruda's efficacy in metastatic melanoma patients without a concomitant increase in unwanted side effects. That's a great result for Dynavax, as it may eventually lead to a lucrative commercialization deal with Merck later on down the road.  Now what While skin cancer is a multibillion-dollar drug market that's unfortunately still growing, investors should probably temper their expectations for SD-101 as a near-term value driver. This experimental immunotherapy, after all, remains at least a year or so away from producing data that might force Merck into a commercialization deal that contains up-front milestone payments. In the interim, Dynavax is nearing a pivotal advisory committee meeting for its experimental hepatitis B vaccine, Heplisav-B, on July 28, 2017. To be honest, this upcoming regulatory catalyst is likely to play a much larger role in the company's near-term valuation than SD-101's early-stage results. So, before buying shares, investors should feel comfortable with Heplisav-B's chances heading into its advisory committee meeting next month.  George Budwell has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author George Budwell (TMFGBudwell) George Budwell has been writing about healthcare and biotechnology companies at the Motley Fool since 2013. His primary interests are novel small molecule drugs, next generation vaccines, and cell therapies. Article Info Jun 5, 2017 at 12:17PM Health Care Stocks Merck & Co. NYSE:MRK $64.06 no change (0.00%) Dynavax Technologies NASDAQ:DVAX $7.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Tax-Loss Selling: 3 Stocks to Dump Right Now Does This Upstart Pose a Threat to GlaxoSmithKline? These Biotech Stocks Could Double in 2016 Why Dynavax Technologies Corporation Stock Is Skyrocketing Today What Will Dynavax Do if Heplisav-B Is Rejected? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why Dynavax Technologies Corporation Stock Soared Today @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $DVAX
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / StayWell to Offer Exclusive Webinar on High-tech, High-touch Patient Engagement for Health Plan Leaders StayWell to Offer Exclusive Webinar on High-tech, High-touch Patient Engagement for Health Plan Leaders Posted on June 5, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. June 8 webinar features new StayWell patient engagement software platform that enhances communication among clinicians, patients and payers. Yardley, PA (PRWEB) June 05, 2017 Chronic conditions account for 86 percent of U.S. health care spending. Third-party payers, including health plans, are increasingly exploring the use of digital technology solutions to complement patient engagement strategies that involve patients in the care they receive. The goal of implementing these digital solutions is to help improve clinical outcomes and lower overall health care costs. The StayWell Company, a leading health solutions provider, announced today that CEO Nicole Latimer will lead a webinar for health plan leaders on high-touch, high-tech, digital solutions that help manage risk and avoid clinical complications while producing better financial outcomes and healthier patients. Health care professionals can register for the webinar on June 8 at 2 p.m., EST by visiting staywell.com/millenniumpayer/. “Value-based care is driving the way health care is being delivered and experienced by patients, which makes it critically important that engagement is imbued in all phases of the patient journey,” said Latimer. “A digital solution that enhances and extends clinician-member-payer communication beyond the care setting can help close gaps in care, foster patient compliance, support treatment decisions, promote higher quality care, and lower costs.” During the webinar, participants will also learn more about StayWell’s digital solution, Krames CareEngage™, an interactive patient engagement platform that features modules with customizable patient checklists, patient engagement tools, and patient educational materials for treating chronic conditions, such as diabetes. A clinician can deliver an easy-to-use module directly to a patient’s desktop, tablet or smartphone. The Krames CareEngage platform currently features CareEngage Prepare™, which targets pre- and post-surgical outcomes, and CareEngage Sustain™, which targets chronic condition management. The platform, powered by Doctella Smartlist™ technology, originated from quality and safety checklist research performed by Peter Pronovost, MD, PHD, of Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. It can be integrated into current workflows and Electronic Health Record (EHR) systems. Latimer will demonstrate CareEngage Sustain, which specifically targets diabetes management, during the June 8 webinar. The CareEngage platform combines StayWell’s 40 years of expertise in clinical content and patient engagement with Silicon Valley-developed digital technology to address concerns related to costs, patient compliance, behavior change, safety and clinical outcomes for treating chronic conditions. ### About StayWell StayWell is a health solutions company that uses the science of behavior change to help people live happier, healthier lives. StayWell brings decades of experience working across the health care industry to design solutions for improving individual and organizational health outcomes, managing the health of targeted populations, and creating brand engagement for employers and health care organizations. StayWell programs have received numerous top industry honors, including the C. Everett Koop National Health Award and the Web Health Award for health engagement programs. StayWell also has received URAC and NCQA accreditation for several of its programs. StayWell is majority-owned by Healthcare Services & Solutions, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA (“Merck”). The company is headquartered in Yardley, PA, and also has a major location in St. Paul, MN. To learn more, visit http://www.staywell.com or connect with on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world's most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer's disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit http://www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of The StayWell Company, a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (http://www.sec.gov). Media contact for StayWell: Barbara Tabor, APR / 651-230-9192 / barbara(at)taborPR.com For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/06/prweb14395565.htm Latest News StayWell to Offer Exclusive Webinar on High-tech, High-touch Patient Engagement for Health Plan Leaders United Nations Foundation Mourns the Passing of UNFPA Executive Director Dr. Babatunde Osotimehin SAE ITC and ARINC Industry Activities Invites the Aviation Industry to Participate in the Flight Simulator Engineering and Maintenance Conference (FSEMC) Who Winked Me, Inc. Revolutionizes the Smartphone Dating Game Can a Facelift Improve Your Quality of Life? CME Outfitters to Premiere Live Webcast on Treating Inflammatory Disease Hyperwallet Expands Loyalty Program with Independent Business Services CME Outfitters Continues to Make International Impact on Clinical Behaviors MCNA Dental Awarded Nebraska Medicaid Contract EMerge Alliance – Passive House Institute US Launches Joint Standards Effort © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
New Data From Phase 2 I-SPY 2 TRIAL Shows Improved Outcomes with Combination of Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Plus Standard Neoadjuvant Therapy in Patients with High-Risk Breast Cancer Data to Be Presented at 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting Include Findings in Patients with Locally Advanced Triple-Negative (TNBC) and Hormone Receptor-Positive/HER2-Negative (HR+/HER2-) Breast Cancers Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail June 05, 2017 07:05 AM Eastern Daylight Time KENILWORTH, N.J. & SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, and QuantumLeap Healthcare Collaborative, today announced results from the Phase 2 I-SPY 2 TRIAL investigating KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in combination with standard therapy [paclitaxel followed by doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide (AC)] as a neoadjuvant (pre-operative) treatment for patients with locally advanced triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) or hormone receptor-positive/HER2-negative (HR+/HER2-) breast cancer. Findings showed that the addition of KEYTRUDA increased the estimated pathologic complete response (pCR) rate nearly threefold in patients with TNBC (60% vs 20%) and in patients with HR+/HER2- breast cancer (34% vs 13%) compared to standard therapy. Overall, based on Bayesian predictive probability of success in a confirmatory Phase 3 trial, KEYTRUDA has graduated from the I-SPY 2 TRIAL for all signatures in which it was tested (TNBC, all HER2-, and HR+/HER2-). Data will be presented today by Dr. Rita Nanda, The University of Chicago, during an oral session at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago (Abstract #506) and will also be presented in subsequent “Best of ASCO” events scheduled throughout the year. “KEYTRUDA in combination with standard therapy tripled the rate of pathologic complete responses in HER2- patients in the I-SPY 2 Trial,” said Laura J. Esserman, M.D., MBA, professor of surgery and radiology and director of the Carol Franc Buck Breast Care Center at UCSF Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center, and the overall principal investigator for the I-SPY TRIALS. “The regimen indicates a new and important treatment pathway and gives us well-grounded hope for new options for patients with these aggressive breast cancers – and that’s potentially very good news.” “We recognize that there is a critical unmet need for patients with certain breast cancer subtypes and believe that combination regimens will be important to advancing patient care,” said Dr. Eric Rubin, vice president of early-stage development, clinical oncology, Merck Research Laboratories. “The results presented at ASCO, which add to the growing body of evidence for KEYTRUDA in various types of breast cancer, are exciting and demonstrate the potential benefit of KEYTRUDA in these patients.” The I-SPY 2 TRIAL (NCT01042379), sponsored by QuantumLeap Healthcare Collaborative, is a standing Phase 2 randomized, controlled, multi-center trial for women with newly diagnosed, locally advanced breast cancer (Stage II/III), and is designed to screen promising new treatments and identify which therapies are most effective in specific patient subgroups based on molecular characteristics (biomarker signatures). The trial is an adaptive study design assessing the combination of biologically targeted investigational drugs with standard chemotherapy in the neoadjuvant setting, compared to standard chemotherapy alone. The primary endpoint is to determine whether the combination of certain therapies increases the probability of pCR in the breast and the lymph nodes at the time of surgery. The data presented at ASCO from the I-SPY 2 TRIAL were based on results observed in patients at high risk of relapse using up-front tumor profiling (including HR status, HER2 status, and the MammaPrint 70-gene signature test). Patients were treated with weekly standard chemotherapy (paclitaxel) for 12 weeks, with or without KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), followed by doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide (AC) every 3 weeks for four cycles. Sixty-nine patients were adaptively randomized to receive KEYTRUDA in the trial from December 2015 until it graduated in November 2016. In total, 46 patients have undergone surgery; the other 23 have on-therapy MRI assessments. In patients with TNBC, an absolute increase in the estimated pCR rate of 40 percent was observed in the KEYTRUDA arm (based on the estimated pCR rate of 60% with KEYTRUDA plus standard therapy compared to 20% with standard therapy alone). In patients with HER2- breast cancer, an absolute increase in the estimated pCR rate of 30 percent was observed in the KEYTRUDA arm (based on the estimated pCR rate of 46% with KEYTRUDA plus standard therapy compared to 16% with standard therapy alone). In patients with HR+/HER2- breast cancer, an absolute increase in the estimated pCR rate of 21 percent was observed in the KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) arm (based on the estimated pCR rate of 34% with KEYTRUDA plus standard therapy compared to 13% with standard therapy alone). The Bayesian model estimated pCR rates appropriately adjust to characteristics of the I-SPY 2 population, including MammaPrint status.                           Signature       Estimated pCR Rate (95% Probability Interval)       Probability KEYTRUDA Is Superior to Control       Predictive Probability of Success in Phase 3       KEYTRUDA Plus Standard Therapy       Standard Therapy Alone             TNBC       0.60 (0.43 – 0.78)       0.20 (0.06 – 0.33)       >99%       >99% All HER2-       0.46 (0.34 – 0.58)       0.16 (0.06 – 0.27)       >99%       99% HR+/HER2-       0.34 (0.19 – 0.48)       0.13 (0.03 – 0.24)       >99%       88%       The safety profile of KEYTRUDA was consistent with that observed in previously reported studies across tumors. In the KEYTRUDA arm, Grade 3-5 treatment-related adverse events include diarrhea (n=5), febrile neutropenia (n=5), fatigue (n=4), anemia (n=3), nausea (n=3), neutropenia without fever (n=1), peripheral motor neuropathy (n=1), peripheral sensory neuropathy (n=1) and vomiting (n=1). Immune-mediated adverse events of Grade 3-5 include adrenal insufficiency (n=5), hepatitis (n=2), colitis (n=1) and hypothyroidism (n=1). Five of six patients presented with adrenal insufficiency after completion of AC (21-24 weeks after starting KEYTRUDA), and one presented during KEYTRUDA treatment (5 weeks after starting KEYTRUDA). “Not all breast cancers are the same – and there has continued to be a significant gap in the treatment options available for patients with certain subtypes, particularly TNBC,” said Dr. Rita Nanda, medical oncologist at The University of Chicago. “The results observed in this trial are not only encouraging, but demonstrate the potential for treatment combinations that can make a difference in patient outcomes.” About I-SPY and the I-SPY 2 TRIAL The I-SPY (Investigation of Serial Studies to Predict Your Therapeutic Response with Imaging And moLecular Analysis) TRIAL is conducted by a consortium that brings together the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), leading academic medical centers, and patient advocates, as well as Merck and other pharmaceutical and biotech companies. The I-SPY 2 TRIAL is a collaborative effort among academic investigators from 20 major cancer research centers across the U.S. and QuantumLeap Healthcare Collaborative, the FDA, and the Foundation for the National Institutes of Health (FNIH) Cancer Biomarkers Consortium. Major supporters include The Safeway Foundation and the Bill Bowes Foundation. The I-SPY 2 TRIAL’s adaptive statistical design was developed by the pioneering principal investigators for the I-SPY trial, Laura J. Esserman, M.D., MBA, and Donald A. Berry, Ph.D., professor of biostatistics at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center and founder of Berry Consultants in collaboration with the FDA, industry, and many leading academic collaborators including the Agents working group chair (Doug Yee, M.D. from the University of Minnesota) and the Trial Operations working group chair (Angie DeMichele, M.D. from the University of Pennsylvania). The trial is a unique collaborative effort where over 50 clinicians are actively engaged in the conduct of the trial. The I-SPY 2 TRIAL adaptive-trial design is based on Bayesian predictive probability that a biological regimen will be shown to be statistically superior to standard therapy in an equally randomized 300-patient confirmatory trial. Regimens that have a high Bayesian predictive probability of showing superiority in at least one of 10 predefined signatures graduate from the trial. Regimens are dropped for futility if they show a low predictive probability of showing superiority over standard therapy in all 10 signatures. A maximum total of 120 patients can be assigned to each experimental regimen. A regimen can graduate early and at any time after having 60 patients assigned to it. About KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) Cancer KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options, or colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA in pediatric patients with MSI-H central nervous system cancers have not been established. In adult patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may occur in any organ system. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor–blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. In KEYNOTE-006, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 9% of 555 patients with advanced melanoma; adverse reactions leading to discontinuation in more than one patient were colitis (1.4%), autoimmune hepatitis (0.7%), allergic reaction (0.4%), polyneuropathy (0.4%), and cardiac failure (0.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 21% of patients; the most common (≥1%) was diarrhea (2.5%). The most common adverse reactions with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) vs ipilimumab were fatigue (28% vs 28%), diarrhea (26% with KEYTRUDA), rash (24% vs 23%), and nausea (21% with KEYTRUDA). Corresponding incidence rates are listed for ipilimumab only for those adverse reactions that occurred at the same or lower rate than with KEYTRUDA. In KEYNOTE-002, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 12% of 357 patients with advanced melanoma; the most common (≥1%) were general physical health deterioration (1%), asthenia (1%), dyspnea (1%), pneumonitis (1%), and generalized edema (1%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 14% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were dyspnea (1%), diarrhea (1%), and maculopapular rash (1%). The most common adverse reactions with KEYTRUDA vs chemotherapy were fatigue (43% with KEYTRUDA), pruritus (28% vs 8%), rash (24% vs 8%), constipation (22% vs 20%), nausea (22% with KEYTRUDA), diarrhea (20% vs 20%), and decreased appetite (20% with KEYTRUDA). Corresponding incidence rates are listed for chemotherapy only for those adverse reactions that occurred at the same or lower rate than with KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA monotherapy was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 682 patients with metastatic NSCLC. The most common adverse event resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.8%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 23% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were diarrhea (1%), fatigue (1.3%), pneumonia (1%), liver enzyme elevation (1.2%), decreased appetite (1.3%), and pneumonitis (1%). The most common adverse reactions (occurring in at least 20% of patients and at a higher incidence than with docetaxel) were decreased appetite (25% vs 23%), dyspnea (23% vs 20%), and nausea (20% vs 18%). When KEYTRUDA was administered in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed (carbo/pem), KEYTRUDA was discontinued in 10% of 59 patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%).The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) with KEYTRUDA compared to carbo/pem alone were fatigue (71% vs 50%), nausea (68% vs 56%), constipation (51% vs 37%), rash (42% vs 21%), vomiting (39% vs 27%), dyspnea (39% vs 21%), diarrhea (37% vs 23%), decreased appetite (31% vs 23%), headache (31% vs 16%), cough (24% vs 18%), dizziness (24% vs 16%), insomnia (24% vs 15%), pruritus (24% vs 4.8%), peripheral edema (22% vs 18%), dysgeusia (20% vs 11%), alopecia (20% vs 3.2%), upper respiratory tract infection (20% vs 3.2%), and arthralgia (15% vs 24%). This study was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) as compared to carbo/pem alone for any specified adverse reaction. KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 17% of 192 patients with HNSCC. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 45% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in at least 2% of patients were pneumonia, dyspnea, confusional state, vomiting, pleural effusion, and respiratory failure. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue, decreased appetite, and dyspnea. Adverse reactions occurring in patients with HNSCC were generally similar to those occurring in patients with melanoma or NSCLC, with the exception of increased incidences of facial edema (10% all Grades; 2.1% Grades 3 or 4) and new or worsening hypothyroidism. KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 5% of 210 patients with cHL, and treatment was interrupted due to adverse reactions in 26% of patients. Fifteen percent (15%) of patients had an adverse reaction requiring systemic corticosteroid therapy. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 16% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions (≥1%) included pneumonia, pneumonitis, pyrexia, dyspnea, GVHD, and herpes zoster. Two patients died from causes other than disease progression; one from GVHD after subsequent allogeneic HSCT and one from septic shock. The most common adverse reactions (occurring in ≥20% of patients) were fatigue (26%), pyrexia (24%), cough (24%), musculoskeletal pain (21%), diarrhea (20%), and rash (20%). In KEYNOTE-052, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 11% of 370 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma. The most common adverse reactions (in ≥20% of patients) were fatigue (38%), musculoskeletal pain (24%), decreased appetite (22%), constipation (21%), rash (21%), and diarrhea (20%). Eighteen patients (5%) died from causes other than disease progression. Five patients (1.4%) who were treated with KEYTRUDA experienced sepsis which led to death, and 3 patients (0.8%) experienced pneumonia which led to death. Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 22% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were liver enzyme increase, diarrhea, urinary tract infection, acute kidney injury, fatigue, joint pain, and pneumonia. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 42% of patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, hematuria, acute kidney injury, pneumonia, and urosepsis. In KEYNOTE-045, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 266 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma. The most common adverse reaction resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.9%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 20% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were urinary tract infection (1.5%), diarrhea (1.5%), and colitis (1.1%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) in patients who received KEYTRUDA vs those who received chemotherapy were fatigue (38% vs 56%), musculoskeletal pain (32% vs 27%), pruritus (23% vs 6%), decreased appetite (21% vs 21%), nausea (21% vs 29%), and rash (20% vs 13%). Serious adverse reactions occurred in 39% of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab)-treated patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, pneumonia, anemia, and pneumonitis. The most common adverse reactions (reported in ≥20% of patients) were fatigue, pruritus, diarrhea, decreased appetite, rash, pyrexia, cough, dyspnea, musculoskeletal pain, constipation, and nausea. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. About QuantumLeap Healthcare Collaborative QuantumLeap Healthcare Collaborative, a non-profit foundation, was established in 2005 as a collaboration between medical researchers at University of California at San Francisco, and Silicon Valley entrepreneurs. QuantumLeap’s mission is to accelerate transfer of high-impact research in clinical processes and systems technology into widespread adoption so that patients and physicians can benefit from the research as soon as practicable. QuantumLeap provides operational, financial and regulatory oversight to I-SPY. For more information, visit: http://www.quantumleaphealth.org. Merck’s Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world - including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf. Contacts Media: Merck Pamela Eisele, 267-305-3558 or Merck Ann Bush, 908-740-6677 or King + Company for QuantumLeap Caren Browning, 212-561-7464 or Investors: Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 Release Summary New Data From Phase 2 I-SPY 2 TRIAL Shows Improved Outcomes with Combination of Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Plus Standard Neoadjuvant Therapy in Patients with High-Risk Breast Cancer #Hashtags #MRK #Merck $Cashtags $MRK Contacts Media: Merck Pamela Eisele, 267-305-3558 or Merck Ann Bush, 908-740-6677 or King + Company for QuantumLeap Caren Browning, 212-561-7464 or Investors: Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Updated Data from ECHO-202 Trial of Incyte’s Epacadostat in Combination with Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (Pembrolizumab) Demonstrate Clinical Activity across Multiple Tumor Types Responses observed with combination of IDO1 enzyme inhibition and anti-PD-1 therapy support advancing into broad Phase 3 program Safety data for this novel investigational immunotherapy combination are generally similar to KEYTRUDA monotherapy Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail June 05, 2017 07:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time WILMINGTON, Del. & KENILWORTH, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Incyte Corporation (Nasdaq:INCY) and Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that updated data from the ongoing Phase 1/2 ECHO-202 trial evaluating epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 enzyme inhibitor, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy, will be highlighted in multiple presentations at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago. Updated efficacy data at ASCO are from multiple tumor cohorts – metastatic or recurrent squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN), advanced urothelial bladder cancer (UC) and advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) – as well as a pooled safety analysis (Phase 2) of the total study population (across all tumor cohorts). Data will be highlighted in two oral presentations (SCCHN and UC) and two poster discussions (RCC and pooled safety). “We are pleased to report additional data from multiple tumor-specific cohorts of our Phase 1/2 ECHO-202 trial, which continue to provide encouraging efficacy and safety data for this investigational treatment combination,” said Steven Stein, M.D., Chief Medical Officer, Incyte. “These and other data presented here in Chicago underscore the potential of this novel investigational immunotherapy combination in multiple advanced cancers, supporting the advancement of our clinical development program for epacadostat and KEYTRUDA into multiple Phase 3 clinical trials.” Efficacy Data from ECHO-202 (Abstract #6010, #4503, #4515) Results of these tumor cohorts (as of February 27, 2017) include:     SCCHN (Abstract #6010) UC (Abstract #4503) RCC (Abstract #4515) Total Subgroup N (%) Prior Lines of Treatment N (%) Total Subgroup N (%) Prior Lines of Treatment N (%) Total Subgroup N (%) Prior Lines of Treatment N (%) Total 1-2 >3 Total 0-1 ≥2 Total 0-1 ≥2 ORR 13/38 (34) 3 CR 10 PR 12/31 (39) 3 CR 9 PR 1/7 (14) 1 PR 14/40 (35) 3 CR 11 PR 12/32 (38) 3 CR 9 PR 2/8 (25) 2 PR 10/30 (33) 1 CR 9 PR 9/19 (47) 1 CR 8 PR 1/11 (9) 1 PR DCR 23/38 (61) 20/31 (65) 3/7 (43) 21/40 (53) 19/32 (59) 2/8 (25) 15/30 (50) 11/19 (58) 4/11 (36) DoR 10/13 responses ongoing Median range: 18.4+ (7.1 to 90.3+) weeks 10/14 responses ongoing Median range: 30.6+ (9.7 to 93.1+) weeks 7/10 responses ongoing Median range: 26.8+ (18.1+ to 53.1) weeks   Objective Response Rate (ORR), Disease Control Rate (DCR), Duration of Response (DoR), Complete Response (CR), Partial Response (PR) Safety Data from ECHO-202 (Abstract #3012) In addition to the efficacy data above, an updated pooled analysis evaluated 294 patients with advanced cancers in the ECHO-202 Phase 2 safety population. Treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) occurred in 67 percent (n=197/294) of patients. The most common TRAEs included fatigue (29%), rash (17%), nausea (11%) and pruritus (10%). Grade ≥3 TRAEs occurred in 18 percent (n=52/294) of patients, the most common of which were increased lipase (asymptomatic) (4%) and rash (3%). TRAEs led to discontinuation of treatment in four percent of study patients. The safety profile of epacadostat plus KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was generally consistent with previously reported ECHO-202 Phase 1 data and with the safety profile of KEYTRUDA monotherapy. “The combination of KEYTRUDA and epacadostat as a treatment for multiple advanced solid tumors has shown promise in our preliminary Phase 1/2 clinical trials,” said Dr. Roger Dansey, senior vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. “We welcome the opportunity to collaborate with Incyte and we look forward to progressing this combination in pivotal trials.” About ECHO-202 (KEYNOTE-037) The ECHO-202 study (NCT02178722) is evaluating the safety and efficacy of epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 inhibitor, in combination with Merck’s KEYTRUDA. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4 therapies were excluded from this trial. Enrollment is complete for the Phase 1 dose escalation (epacadostat 25, 50, 100 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg IV Q3W and epacadostat 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 200 mg IV Q3W) and Phase 1 dose expansion (epacadostat 50, 100, and 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA [pembrolizumab] 200 mg IV Q3W) portions of the trial. For more information about ECHO-202, visit https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02178722. About ECHO The ECHO clinical trial program was established to investigate the efficacy and safety of epacadostat as a core component of combination therapy in oncology. Ongoing Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors collectively plan to enroll over 900 patients in a broad range of solid tumor types as well as hematological malignancies. ECHO-301 (NCT02752074), a Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study investigating KEYTRUDA in combination with epacadostat or placebo for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma, is also underway. For more information about the ECHO clinical trial program, visit www.ECHOClinicalTrials.com. About Epacadostat (INCB024360) Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) is a key immunosuppressive enzyme that modulates the anti-tumor immune response by promoting regulatory T cell generation and blocking effector T cell activation, thereby facilitating tumor growth by allowing cancer cells to avoid immune surveillance. Epacadostat is an investigational, highly potent and selective oral inhibitor of the IDO1 enzyme that regulates the tumor immune microenvironment, thereby restoring effective anti-tumor immune responses. In single-arm studies, the combination of epacadostat and immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown proof-of-concept in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. In these studies, epacadostat combined with the CTLA-4 inhibitor ipilimumab or the PD-1 inhibitor KEYTRUDA improved response rates compared with studies of the immune checkpoint inhibitors alone. About KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options, or colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA in pediatric patients with MSI-H central nervous system cancers have not been established. In adult patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. The incidence of new or worsening hypothyroidism was higher in patients with HNSCC, occurring in 28 (15%) of 192 patients with HNSCC, including Grade 3 (0.5%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may occur in any organ system. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor–blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 17% of 192 patients with HNSCC. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 45% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in at least 2% of patients were pneumonia, dyspnea, confusional state, vomiting, pleural effusion, and respiratory failure. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue, decreased appetite, and dyspnea. Adverse reactions occurring in patients with HNSCC were generally similar to those occurring in patients with melanoma or NSCLC, with the exception of increased incidences of facial edema (10% all Grades; 2.1% Grades 3 or 4) and new or worsening hypothyroidism. In KEYNOTE-052, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 11% of 370 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma. The most common adverse reactions (in ≥20% of patients) were fatigue (38%), musculoskeletal pain (24%), decreased appetite (22%), constipation (21%), rash (21%), and diarrhea (20%). Eighteen patients (5%) died from causes other than disease progression. Five patients (1.4%) who were treated with KEYTRUDA experienced sepsis which led to death, and 3 patients (0.8%) experienced pneumonia which led to death. Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 22% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were liver enzyme increase, diarrhea, urinary tract infection, acute kidney injury, fatigue, joint pain, and pneumonia. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 42% of patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, hematuria, acute kidney injury, pneumonia, and urosepsis. In KEYNOTE-045, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 266 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma. The most common adverse reaction resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.9%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 20% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were urinary tract infection (1.5%), diarrhea (1.5%), and colitis (1.1%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) in patients who received KEYTRUDA vs those who received chemotherapy were fatigue (38% vs 56%), musculoskeletal pain (32% vs 27%), pruritus (23% vs 6%), decreased appetite (21% vs 21%), nausea (21% vs 29%), and rash (20% vs 13%). Serious adverse reactions occurred in 39% of KEYTRUDA-treated patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, pneumonia, anemia, and pneumonitis. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. About Incyte Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit the Company’s website at www.incyte.com. Follow @Incyte on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Incyte. Merck’s Focus on Cancer Merck’s goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world - including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Incyte Corporation Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set forth in this press release, including statements regarding the presentation and discussion of data regarding the Company’s ECHO-202 study and the planned pivotal trials of epacadostat in combination with pembrolizumab, contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations and subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including unanticipated developments and the risks related to the efficacy or safety of the Company’s development pipeline, the results of further research and development, the high degree of risk and uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and competitive and technological advances; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf. Contacts Incyte Corporation Media Catalina Loveman, +1 302-498-6171 or Investors Michael Booth, DPhil, +1 302-498-5914 or Merck Media Pamela Eisele, +1 267-305-3558 or Elizabeth Sell, +1 267-305-3877 or Investors Teri Loxam, +1 908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, +1 908-740-1898 Release Summary Updated Data from ECHO-202 Trial of Incyte’s Epacadostat in Combination with Merck’s KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Demonstrate Clinical Activity Across Multiple Tumor Types #Hashtags #ASCO17 $Cashtags $INCY Social Media Profiles Incyte Corporation Contacts Incyte Corporation Media Catalina Loveman, +1 302-498-6171 or Investors Michael Booth, DPhil, +1 302-498-5914 or Merck Media Pamela Eisele, +1 267-305-3558 or Elizabeth Sell, +1 267-305-3877 or Investors Teri Loxam, +1 908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, +1 908-740-1898 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Updated Data from ECHO-202 Trial of Incyte’s Epacadostat in Combination with Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (Pembrolizumab) Demonstrate Clinical Activity across Multiple Tumor Types WILMINGTON, Del. & KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Incyte Corporation (Nasdaq:INCY) and Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that updated data from the ongoing Phase 1/2 ECHO-202 trial evaluating epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 enzyme inhibitor, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy, will be highlighted in multiple presentations at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago. Updated efficacy data at ASCO are from multiple tumor cohorts – metastatic or recurrent squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN), advanced urothelial bladder cancer (UC) and advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) – as well as a pooled safety analysis (Phase 2) of the total study population (across all tumor cohorts). Data will be highlighted in two oral presentations (SCCHN and UC) and two poster discussions (RCC and pooled safety). “We are pleased to report additional data from multiple tumor-specific cohorts of our Phase 1/2 ECHO-202 trial, which continue to provide encouraging efficacy and safety data for this investigational treatment combination,” said Steven Stein, M.D., Chief Medical Officer, Incyte. “These and other data presented here in Chicago underscore the potential of this novel investigational immunotherapy combination in multiple advanced cancers, supporting the advancement of our clinical development program for epacadostat and KEYTRUDA into multiple Phase 3 clinical trials.” Efficacy Data from ECHO-202 (Abstract #6010, #4503, #4515) Results of these tumor cohorts (as of February 27, 2017) include:     SCCHN (Abstract #6010) UC (Abstract #4503) RCC (Abstract #4515) Total Subgroup N (%) Prior Lines of Treatment N (%) Total Subgroup N (%) Prior Lines of Treatment N (%) Total Subgroup N (%) Prior Lines of Treatment N (%) Total 1-2 >3 Total 0-1 ≥2 Total 0-1 ≥2 ORR 13/38 (34) 3 CR 10 PR 12/31 (39) 3 CR 9 PR 1/7 (14) 1 PR 14/40 (35) 3 CR 11 PR 12/32 (38) 3 CR 9 PR 2/8 (25) 2 PR 10/30 (33) 1 CR 9 PR 9/19 (47) 1 CR 8 PR 1/11 (9) 1 PR DCR 23/38 (61) 20/31 (65) 3/7 (43) 21/40 (53) 19/32 (59) 2/8 (25) 15/30 (50) 11/19 (58) 4/11 (36) DoR 10/13 responses ongoing Median range: 18.4+ (7.1 to 90.3+) weeks 10/14 responses ongoing Median range: 30.6+ (9.7 to 93.1+) weeks 7/10 responses ongoing Median range: 26.8+ (18.1+ to 53.1) weeks   Objective Response Rate (ORR), Disease Control Rate (DCR), Duration of Response (DoR), Complete Response (CR), Partial Response (PR) Safety Data from ECHO-202 (Abstract #3012) In addition to the efficacy data above, an updated pooled analysis evaluated 294 patients with advanced cancers in the ECHO-202 Phase 2 safety population. Treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) occurred in 67 percent (n=197/294) of patients. The most common TRAEs included fatigue (29%), rash (17%), nausea (11%) and pruritus (10%). Grade ≥3 TRAEs occurred in 18 percent (n=52/294) of patients, the most common of which were increased lipase (asymptomatic) (4%) and rash (3%). TRAEs led to discontinuation of treatment in four percent of study patients. The safety profile of epacadostat plus KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was generally consistent with previously reported ECHO-202 Phase 1 data and with the safety profile of KEYTRUDA monotherapy. “The combination of KEYTRUDA and epacadostat as a treatment for multiple advanced solid tumors has shown promise in our preliminary Phase 1/2 clinical trials,” said Dr. Roger Dansey, senior vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. “We welcome the opportunity to collaborate with Incyte and we look forward to progressing this combination in pivotal trials.” About ECHO-202 (KEYNOTE-037) The ECHO-202 study (NCT02178722) is evaluating the safety and efficacy of epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 inhibitor, in combination with Merck’s KEYTRUDA. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4 therapies were excluded from this trial. Enrollment is complete for the Phase 1 dose escalation (epacadostat 25, 50, 100 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg IV Q3W and epacadostat 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 200 mg IV Q3W) and Phase 1 dose expansion (epacadostat 50, 100, and 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA [pembrolizumab] 200 mg IV Q3W) portions of the trial. For more information about ECHO-202, visit https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02178722. About ECHO The ECHO clinical trial program was established to investigate the efficacy and safety of epacadostat as a core component of combination therapy in oncology. Ongoing Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors collectively plan to enroll over 900 patients in a broad range of solid tumor types as well as hematological malignancies. ECHO-301 (NCT02752074), a Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study investigating KEYTRUDA in combination with epacadostat or placebo for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma, is also underway. For more information about the ECHO clinical trial program, visit www.ECHOClinicalTrials.com. About Epacadostat (INCB024360) Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) is a key immunosuppressive enzyme that modulates the anti-tumor immune response by promoting regulatory T cell generation and blocking effector T cell activation, thereby facilitating tumor growth by allowing cancer cells to avoid immune surveillance. Epacadostat is an investigational, highly potent and selective oral inhibitor of the IDO1 enzyme that regulates the tumor immune microenvironment, thereby restoring effective anti-tumor immune responses. In single-arm studies, the combination of epacadostat and immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown proof-of-concept in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. In these studies, epacadostat combined with the CTLA-4 inhibitor ipilimumab or the PD-1 inhibitor KEYTRUDA improved response rates compared with studies of the immune checkpoint inhibitors alone. About KEYTRUDA®(pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options, or colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA in pediatric patients with MSI-H central nervous system cancers have not been established. In adult patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. The incidence of new or worsening hypothyroidism was higher in patients with HNSCC, occurring in 28 (15%) of 192 patients with HNSCC, including Grade 3 (0.5%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may occur in any organ system. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor–blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 17% of 192 patients with HNSCC. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 45% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in at least 2% of patients were pneumonia, dyspnea, confusional state, vomiting, pleural effusion, and respiratory failure. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue, decreased appetite, and dyspnea. Adverse reactions occurring in patients with HNSCC were generally similar to those occurring in patients with melanoma or NSCLC, with the exception of increased incidences of facial edema (10% all Grades; 2.1% Grades 3 or 4) and new or worsening hypothyroidism. In KEYNOTE-052, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 11% of 370 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma. The most common adverse reactions (in ≥20% of patients) were fatigue (38%), musculoskeletal pain (24%), decreased appetite (22%), constipation (21%), rash (21%), and diarrhea (20%). Eighteen patients (5%) died from causes other than disease progression. Five patients (1.4%) who were treated with KEYTRUDA experienced sepsis which led to death, and 3 patients (0.8%) experienced pneumonia which led to death. Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 22% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were liver enzyme increase, diarrhea, urinary tract infection, acute kidney injury, fatigue, joint pain, and pneumonia. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 42% of patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, hematuria, acute kidney injury, pneumonia, and urosepsis. In KEYNOTE-045, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 266 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma. The most common adverse reaction resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.9%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 20% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were urinary tract infection (1.5%), diarrhea (1.5%), and colitis (1.1%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) in patients who received KEYTRUDA vs those who received chemotherapy were fatigue (38% vs 56%), musculoskeletal pain (32% vs 27%), pruritus (23% vs 6%), decreased appetite (21% vs 21%), nausea (21% vs 29%), and rash (20% vs 13%). Serious adverse reactions occurred in 39% of KEYTRUDA-treated patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, pneumonia, anemia, and pneumonitis. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. About Incyte Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit the Company’s website at www.incyte.com. Follow @Incyte on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Incyte. Merck’s Focus on Cancer Merck’s goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Incyte Corporation Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set forth in this press release, including statements regarding the presentation and discussion of data regarding the Company’s ECHO-202 study and the planned pivotal trials of epacadostat in combination with pembrolizumab, contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations and subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including unanticipated developments and the risks related to the efficacy or safety of the Company’s development pipeline, the results of further research and development, the high degree of risk and uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and competitive and technological advances; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mavenir Launches Multi-ID, a Cloud Communications Platform for Innovation in Voice, Video and Messaging Next PostNext United States Industrial Shredder Machine Market: Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin Analysis with Forecasts to 2022!! Search Recent Posts Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 India Ceramic Sanitary Ware Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 10.3% in terms of value during 2016-2026 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 Plaque Psoriasis Treatment Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2015 to 2021 : Persistence Market Research Differential Scanning Calorimetry Systems Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Canadian News   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share AMGN Finds New Use For Old Drug, NLNK Disappointed, ECYT Cuts Workforce 6/5/2017 2:42 AM ET Today's Daily Dose brings you news about Amgen's multiple myeloma trial results with XGEVA; Merck's findings from Cohort 1 of phase 2 registrational trial of KEYTRUDA in gastric cancer patients; Prima BioMed's phase II results of IMP321 in breast cancer; TG Therapeutics' phase III study results of TG-1101 in patients with previously treated high risk Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia and NewLink's disappointment in phase II trial of Indoximod in breast cancer. Read on... Amgen (AMGN) on Sunday announced that its drug XGEVA has proven to be non-inferior to Zoledronic acid in delaying the time to first on-study skeletal-related event in patients with multiple myeloma in a phase III trial. XGEVA-treated patients also had a significantly lower rate of renal adverse events compared to Zometa in the study. Amgen's XGEVA is indicated for the prevention of skeletal-related events in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors, and for the treatment of giant cell tumor of the bone. XGEVA is currently not indicated for the prevention of skeletal-related events in patients with multiple myeloma. Zoledronic acid is marketed by Novartis under the trade names Zometa, Zomera, Aclasta and Reclast. Novartis' Zometa is indicated for the treatment of bone complications in patients with multiple myeloma. Amgen is seeking to expand the currently approved XGEVA indication to include patients with multiple myeloma, and has made regulatory submissions in the U.S. and EU for the same. XGEVA recorded sales of $1.53 billion in 2016, up 9% over the prior year. Novartis' Zometa went off patent in 2013. AMGN closed Friday's trading at $159.15, up 1.86%. Shares of Endocyte Inc. (ECYT) plunged over 30% on Friday, following its plans to trim its workforce by approximately 40 percent and end the clinical development of its drug candidate EC1456, under phase I development for ovarian cancer. The Company noted that an assessment of the study did not yield the level of clinical activity necessary to support continued advancement of EC1456 as a result of which it has stopped enrollment in the phase I trial. Endocyte has also stopped enrollment in its phase I trial of another investigational drug EC1169 in taxane-naïve metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC) patients. But the Company will focus on the cohort of taxane-exposed, metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC) patients, for which a top-line efficacy assessment of the expansion phase of this phase 1 trial is expected before the end of 2017. The Company added that the reduction in work force is to better focus its resources on the company's highest value opportunities, while maintaining key capabilities. ECYT closed Friday's trading at $1.91, down 30.04%. Merck's (MRK) phase 2 registrational trial of KEYTRUDA as monotherapy in previously-treated patients with advanced gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma has shown meaningful response rates in heavily pre-treated patients, who have historically faced poor outcomes. The findings from Cohort 1 of the trial showed an overall response rate of 11.6 percent in patients treated with KEYTRUDA who had received two or more prior lines of treatment, with higher response rates among patients with PD-L1 positive tumors. Merck's supplemental biologics license application seeking approval of Keytruda for the treatment of patients with recurrent or advanced gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma who have undergone at least two courses of chemotherapy is under priority review, with a decision date set for September 22, 2017. Keytruda brought home sales of $1.40 billion in 2016, up 148% over the prior year. MRK closed Friday's trading at $65.47, up 0.32%. NewLink Genetics Corp.'s (NLNK) phase II trial of Indoximod in combination with taxane chemotherapy for patients with metastatic breast cancer did not meet its pre-specified endpoints. The trial failed to meet the pre-specified endpoints of progression-free survival, overall survival or objective response rate. NLNK closed Friday's trading at $12.59, down 1.25%. Pfizer Inc. (PFE) has reported encouraging results from phase II study of Talazoparib in patients with germline (inherited) BRCA1/2-positive (gBRCA+) advanced breast cancer. The study, dubbed ABRAZO, consisted of two Cohorts. Cohort 1 consisted of 49 patients who previously responded to platinum-based chemotherapy and subsequently developed disease progression. Cohort 2 consisted of 35 patients who developed disease progression following at least three lines of non-platinum-based therapy. The primary endpoint of the ABRAZO trial was objective response rate, or ORR, by independent radiology review. A 21% ORR was observed in Cohort 1 and a 37% ORR was observed in Cohort 2. A phase III study, evaluating Talazoparib against protocol-specific physician's choice of chemotherapy in patients with advanced and/or metastatic gBRCA+ breast cancer who have received zero to three prior chemotherapy regimens for advanced disease, dubbed EMBRACA, is underway. PFE closed Friday's trading at $32.54, down 0.52%. Prima BioMed Ltd.'s (PBMD) cancer drug candidate IMP321 (LAG-3Ig) has demonstrated positive safety and efficacy qualities in a phase II breast cancer trial. The phase II trial, dubbed AIPAC, evaluated IMP321 in hormone receptor-positive metastatic breast cancer patients against placebo as adjunctive to first-line weekly chemotherapy, paclitaxel. According to the Company, IMP321 in combination with paclitaxel showed an encouraging disease control rate of 87%. PBMD closed Friday's trading at $2.56, up 1.59%. Rexahn Pharmaceuticals Inc.'s (RNN) interim update on the safety and efficacy of RX-3117 monotherapy in an ongoing Phase IIa clinical trial has revealed an increased progression free survival and evidence of tumor shrinkage in patients with metastatic bladder cancer resistant to Gemcitabine who had failed on multiple prior treatments. Based on the positive preliminary efficacy results from Stage 1, the Company has begun the second stage of the phase IIa study. RNN closed Friday's trading at $4.19, up 4.75%. TG Therapeutics Inc.'s (TGTX) phase III study of TG-1101 plus Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) drug IMBRUVICA in patients with previously treated high risk Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia has met its primary endpoint. In the study, dubbed GENUINE, TG-1101 plus IMBRUVICA increased overall response rate by more than 70% over ibrutinib alone. The combination of TG-1101 and IMBRUVICA resulted in 19% Minimal Residual Disease negativity compared to 2% for IMBRUVICA alone. The Company is planning to file for accelerated approval of TG-1101 later this year. TGTX closed Friday's trading at $3.85, up 17.37%. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Europe's 10 Hottest Housing Markets 10 Most Stable Nations On Earth Hell on Earth: The World's 10 Most Fragile Nations Previous Story Canadian News ABBV Hits A High Note, AGN Opens Wallet, TEVA's HALO Does An Encore Gainers & Losers Of June 7: NH, CRUS, PTCT, ANAB, ACRX... OECD Sees World Economic Growth At 6-year High FDA Panel To Review PTCT's Translarna, CTIC Plunges On Offering, NNVC Abuzz Gainers & Losers Of June 6: VTL, EGLT, AMRI, AGLE, CRVS... Olive Oil & Brain Cancer Gainers & Losers Of June 5: LOXO, CLSN, RDUS, GLYC, JUNO... Burger King Is Not The King Of Belgium Company Spotlight: Albireo Pharma Gainers & Losers Of June 1: XBIT, CBMG, COLL, NEOT, MACK... Starbucks Serving Beer And Wine In Vancouver 11 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Amgen: FDA Committee To Review Data Supporting BLA For ABP 215 - Quick Facts Amgen Presents Data From Phase 3 XGEVA Study In Patients With Multiple Myeloma Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Tumbled To Nearly A 4-Month Low On Drug Safety Concerns Amgen Posting Notable Loss In Afternoon Trading Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Is Down Sharply On Drug Concerns Trade AMGN now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Tesla Motors, 19 Other Companies Join Fortune 500 For First Time Now's The Time: Mortgage Demand Surges Amid Low Interest Rates EWG Names Worst Sunscreen For Kids Best Western Testing Voice Devices In Rooms Popeyes Has Cookie-Coated Chicken RealReal Scores $50 Mln In VC Financing Sears Closing Dozens More Stores Walmart's Giant Grocery Vending Machine Lyft Signs Self-Driving Car Partnership With NuTonomy Uber Fires 20 After Harassment Probe Dish Network To Pay $280 Mln In Robocall Case Major Airline Ending Flights To Venezuela AMGN Finds New Use For Old Drug, NLNK Disappointed, ECYT Cuts Workforce Gainers & Losers Of June 5: LOXO, CLSN, RDUS, GLYC, JUNO... HD Supply Holdings Q1 Profit Up, Signs To Sell Waterworks Unit To Clayton Gainers & Losers Of June 6: VTL, EGLT, AMRI, AGLE, CRVS... Major Airline Ending Flights To Venezuela FDA Panel To Review PTCT's Translarna, CTIC Plunges On Offering, NNVC Abuzz The Next Generation May Never Learn To Drive Using N-Word, Flint Official Blames Water Crisis On Black People Toyota Drops Last Stake In Tesla Trump Proposes Privatization Of Air Traffic Control System Walmart's Giant Grocery Vending Machine Gainers & Losers Of June 7: NH, CRUS, PTCT, ANAB, ACRX... Trump Proposes Privatization Of Air Traffic Control System Puma Biotechnology Holding On To Strong Gain In Afternoon Trading MorphoSys Presents Data Of MOR208 In Combination With Lenalidomide Weyerhaeuser To Sell Timberlands & Manufacturing Unit In Uruguay For $402.5 Mln Changyou.com Increases Q2 Outlook - Quick Facts Security Firm Files Anti-Trust Case Against Microsoft In Europe Green Dot Moves Higher On Report Of Partnership With Apple Major Airline Ending Flights To Venezuela Pfizer Gets FDA Fast Track Designation For Tafamidis For TTR-CM Novartis' Tasigna Gets EU Approval For Inclusion Of TFR Data In Product Label EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc. Q3 Earnings Report Apple Unveils New IMac Pro Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Insomnia Market Research Report – Growth, Trends & Forecasts 2016 – 2024 The Insomnia Market report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. Global Insomnia Market: Brief Account The world insomnia market is envisaged to recoup promisingly from its drowsy growth in the past with a number of worthwhile and well-timed opportunities to take advantage of. Insomnia drugs could find an application in the treatment of Parkinson and Alzheimer’s disease as sedatives. The younger population can increase the global demand as intensively as the geriatric group with rising stress levels and persisting diseases such as cancer at the forefront. The launch of new products such as E-2006 by Eisai Co. Ltd. and Belsomra by Merck & Co. Inc. is forecasted to stimulate the market growth handsomely. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Insomnia Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Global Insomnia Market: Top Companies Some of the prominent companies functioning in the international insomnia market are Purdue Pharma L.P., Pernix Therapeutics, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd., Sanofi, Pfizer, Inc., Meda Consumer Healthcare Inc., Merck & Co. Inc., and Eisai, Co. Ltd. Global Insomnia Market: Key Trends With the two premier categorizations of the worldwide insomnia market into play, viz. non-pharmacological treatments and pharmacological treatments, manufacturers can expect lucrative prospects from both the segments. The cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia (CBTI) listed under non-pharmacological treatments extends the ability of physicians to heal patients or understand their health issues in a comprehensive manner. The international insomnia market could go through a downtime period due to inferior diagnosis rate, below par patient compliance, patent erosion, and ascendancy of generic products. Howbeit, the surging incidences of insomnia and unfulfilled medical needs, for instance, the inefficiency of central nervous system (CNS) drugs, are foreseen to compensate for the probable decline in growth. Global Insomnia Market: Geographical Study For the most part of the share in world insomnia market, the Americas including North America are foretold to showcase extensive dominance while offering some groundbreaking opportunities for global players. In the U.S., the OTC treatment market is anticipated to register a higher CAGR to address its growth in the insomnia pharmacological treatment sector. Browse more detail information about insomnia market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/insomnia-market.html About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Diagnostic Imaging Agents Market Research Report Details: Emerging Economies Responsible To Drive Future Demand Across the World Next PostNext Electrosurgical Ablation Devices Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast, Supply Demand to 2021 Search Recent Posts Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 India Ceramic Sanitary Ware Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 10.3% in terms of value during 2016-2026 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 Plaque Psoriasis Treatment Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2015 to 2021 : Persistence Market Research Differential Scanning Calorimetry Systems Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
9 °C Local Weather in Cork Home News Farming Business Property Sport Life Jobs ePaper Magazines Classifieds Place Ad Competitions Advertising Testimonials Star Creative Promotional Video Shop Contact Us Meet The Team Where to buy The Star History Archive Privacy Policy News MSD’s 210 jobs boost at Brinny Monday, 5th June, 2017 10:05pm 210 new jobs announced for MSD in Brinny. 210 new jobs announced for MSD in Brinny. By EMMA CONNOLLY   THE €180m investment and 210 new jobs announced this week for MSD in Brinny is described as a global vote of confidence in its local workforce. And the pharmaceutical company, which is a major employer in West Cork with a current staff of 500, is looking for people from all backgrounds to join them so long as they bring with them ‘the right ambition, mindset and personality’. The multi-million euro investment over the next three years will meet global demand for some of the company’s most successful treatments for lung cancer, melanoma, hepatitis C and rheumatoid arthritis.  As well as the new hires, it allows Brinny to increase manufacturing capacity across a number of its buildings.  Construction work is already underway on site, with additional employment also being created during this phase which will deliver knock-on benefits to the area, according to Donal Kelleher, site quality lead at Brinny.  He said the investment was testament to what their employees had achieved since the company was established nearly 35 years ago – their passion, dedication, expertise and innovation.  Recruitment is already underway for the new roles which include technical, engineerining, biochemistry, biology, quality and operations positions.  However, Mr Kelleher was keen to point out that they were open to hearing, not just from graduates or those already in the industry, but from people from all backgrounds, with training provided. MSD also confirmed 120 jobs for its sister site in Carlow.  Read 1496 Email Print Related Articles 08 Jun 2017[Video] Don't let a flat tyre stop you cycling 07 Jun 2017Dutch TV crew filming in West Cork 05 Jun 2017Gardaí given video of duo with dead porpoise Keep up-to-date with the latest news from around the county with a Southern Star epaper subscription. Click here for more Previous Story OPINION: ‘Hollywood Hustings’ a brilliant wheeze! 05 Jun 2017Except that Blueshirt political propaganda has never cut  much ice and is often perceived as a serious health risk Next Story LETTER: Mechanical harvesting of kelp in Bantry Bay 03 Jun 2017SIR – We went to a packed meeting on May 28th in the Maritime Hotel in Bantry to find out about the proposed mechanical harvesting of kelp in Bantry Bay.  Tweets by @SouthernStarIRL Book an Ad Classifieds Jobs SITE FOR SALE WITH OUTLINE PLANNING 0.38 acres, Crookstown. Splendid site. Details from Sherry Fitzgerald, Cork. Tel: 021-4273041... DAF 75 TRUCK 310 HP 2005 Curtinsider 6 x 2, 26 tons. May suit cattle body or plant body, in good order. Tel: 087-8597129 BOVINE SCANNING SERVICE Contact Barry O'Donovan Tel: 086-8238424 NO. 7 DUN ORGA, DUNMANWAY FOR SALE 4/5 Bed splendid detached modern family home, (one bedroom downstairs). 1794 sq ft. Superb... Cookies on Southern Star website We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Southern Star website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time by amending your browser settings. How does Southern Star use cookies? Cookies enable us to identify your device, or you when you have logged in. We use cookies that are strictly necessary to enable you to move around the site or to provide certain basic features. We use cookies to enhance the functionality of the website by storing your preferences, for example. We also use cookies to help us to improve the performance of our website to provide you with a better user experience. We don�t sell the information collected by cookies, nor do we disclose the information to third parties, except where required by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies). Hide Message Home News Farming Business Property Sport Life Jobs Magazines ePaper Classifieds Star Creative Advertising Testimonials Star Creative Promotional video Contact Us Meet The Team Where To Buy The Star History Archive Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Here's Why Loxo Oncology Soared as Much as 58.5% Today The company announced interim data for three ongoing cancer trials. Maxx Chatsko (TMFBlacknGold) Jun 5, 2017 at 1:33PM What happened Shares of Loxo Oncology (NASDAQ:LOXO) soared nearly 59% today after the clinical-stage biopharma announced interim data for three clinical trials over the weekend at the American Society of Clinical Oncology's annual meeting, which is more commonly referred to as ASCO. The company's lead drug candidate, larotrectinib, demonstrated a 76% objective response rate in adult and pediatric patients with tumors that have specific genetic markers. It also showed a high level of tolerability, with 93% of patients remaining on the drug or having received surgery with the intent to be administered the drug.  The mid-stage data are pretty impressive. In fact, they stack up quite favorably to Keytruda from Merck (NYSE:MRK), which recently became the first cancer drug to win marketing approval based on a genetic marker being present in any solid tumor, rather than what part of the body a cancer has started. As of 1:01 p.m. EDT, the stock had settled to a 48.4% gain, representing a $656 million increase in market cap. Image source: Getty Images. So what Loxo Oncology provided the update based on results from a phase 1 adult trial, phase 2 trial, and phase 1/2 pediatric trial. In all, the data set included responses from 55 patients with over 12 types of cancers. Each patient's cancer harbored a TRK fusion, which is a mutation of a normal cell communication pathway that can result in tumor growth. Larotrectinib, which received Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in July 2016, achieved encouraging results at the follow-up, including: Objective response rate (ORR) of 76% Partial response rate (PRR) of 64% Complete response rate (CRR) of 12% While it's not an apple-to-apples comparison, Merck's Keytruda won approval from the FDA with an ORR of 39.6%, PRR of 32.2%, and CRR of 7.4% from a population of 149 patients. The drug will treat adult and pediatric patients with difficult-to-treat cancers harboring one of two genetic markers and that have no other treatment options. Therefore, investors should expect lower response rates for Keytruda in that specific indication, compared to what may be achieved from larotrectinib.  Still, that helps to put the data from Loxo Oncology into perspective. That's good news, too, considering that these results will become the basis for the company's New Drug Application that will be submitted in late 2017 or early 2018. That could put the drug on the market sometime in 2018 or early 2019. Now what Improvements in genetic sequencing technologies are promising to usher in a new age of medical treatments and cancer therapeutics that are safer and more effective. Loxo Oncology figures to play an important role in that future -- its entire pipeline is dedicated to treating cancers with specific genetic mutations. It's even already working on a next-generation TRK-inhibitor for patients that develop resistance to prior-generation therapies, which may very well include the yet-to-be-approved larotrectinib. With this weekend's news, investors in this forward-thinking company are on the cusp of product revenue for the first time ever, although a (wisely timed) stock offering to raise cash may also be around the corner. Maxx Chatsko has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Maxx Chatsko (TMFBlacknGold) Maxx has been a contributor to Fool.com since 2013 focusing on renewable fuels, agriculture, engineered biology, and materials. He graduated from SUNY-ESF (2012) with a Bachelor of Science in Bioprocess Engineering and from Carnegie Mellon University (2016) with a Master of Science in Materials Science & Engineering. Follow @maxxchatsko Article Info Jun 5, 2017 at 1:33PM Health Care Stocks Merck & Co. NYSE:MRK $64.06 no change (0.00%) Loxo Oncology NASDAQ:LOXO $71.97 no change (0.00%) Read More Merck Makes Nice With Bristol-Myers Squibb An Unprecedented FDA Approval Bodes Well for This Drug Stock 3 Top Big Pharma Stocks to Buy Now Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. AbbVie Inc. Can Keytruda Return Merck & Co. to Growth? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Here's Why Loxo Oncology Soared as Much as 58.5% Today @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $LOXO
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 9 mins S&P 500 2,430.85 -2.29 (-0.09%) Dow 30 21,170.41 -3.28 (-0.02%) Nasdaq 6,287.06 -10.32 (-0.16%) The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: General Electric, Walt Disney, Merck, Pfizer and Chevron Zacks Equity Research Zacks June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share For Immediate Release Chicago, IL – June 05, 2017 – Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include General Electric Company (NYSE: GE – Free Report ), Walt Disney Company (NYSE: DIS – Free Report ), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK – Free Report ), Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE: PFE – Free Report ) and Chevron (NYSE: CVX – Free Report ). Today, Zacks is promoting its ''Buy'' stock recommendations. Get #1Stock of the Day pick for free . Here are highlights from Monday’s Analyst Blog: Dow 30 Stock Roundup: GE, MRK & More The Dow suffered across the holiday shortened week, buoyed only by encouraging private sector hiring. After remaining closed on Monday for a holiday, the index slipped on Tuesday, dragged down by energy shares. Financials weighed on the blue-chip index on Wednesday. Ultimately, strong ADP data helped the index register its first session of gains for the week on Thursday. Last Week’s Performance Markets were closed on Monday for the Memorial Day holiday. On Tuesday, the index declined 0.2%, dragged down primarily by energy shares. Investors expressed doubts about whether OPEC and non-OPEC players including Russia will be able to implement an effective production cut policy to stabilize the global crude market. As per the Federal Reserve’s Beige Book, the U.S. economy expanded at a “modest or moderate” pace through late May and is still growing at the same pace. Meanwhile, pending home sales in April tumbled for the second month in a row. Over last month, the Dow advanced 0.5%. Even as FOMC minutes and Trump’s budget proposals were released, the President’s decision to dismiss of FBI director James Comey sent ripples through the market. Meanwhile, U.S. auto industry reported disappointing sales in April, with sales hitting 16.88 million, below an expected annual rate of 17.2 million. The index advanced 0.7% on Thursday, buoyed by solid private sector hiring. According to ADP data released on Thursday, private payrolls surged by 253,000 in May which came in above its consensus estimate of 185,000. The ISM Manufacturing index increased from 54.8 in April to 54.9 for May. However, construction spending declined by 1.4% while auto sales experienced a year-over-year decline to come in at 16.7 million. Components Moving the Index General Electric Company (NYSE:GE – Free Report ) recently inked various agreements for power generation, aircraft engines, and services in Vietnam as the country attempts to forge strong business ties with the U.S. amid growing concerns about China’s meteoric rise. The agreements worth $5.8 billion is General Electric’s biggest such deals to date with any Southeast Asian country. The company signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) to co-develop two 750-megawatt gas-fueled turbine power plants in the country along with a joint development agreement for an 800-megawatt Phu Cuong Wind Farm in Soc Trang. These deals, worth $2 billion, will support the development of Vietnam’s energy sectors. In addition, Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) rated General Electric signed agreements valued at over $3.58 billion for new aircraft engines and maintenance support. These include deals for 20 jet engines for Vietjet Aviation, a low-cost airline of the country. (Read: GE Inks $5.58B Deals in Vietnam to Augment Regional Ties ) The Walt Disney Company ’s (NYSE:DIS – Free Report ) superb box office run continues with "Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales," topping the Memorial Day weekend box office collections. During the four day holiday weekend, the movie garnered nearly $77 million domestically beating Dwayne Johnson starrer "Baywatch." In the first three days, the movie collected $62.2 million. Disney has a Zacks Rank #3. However, the opening weekend collections for the “Pirates of the Caribbean” were well below the previous three movies of the franchise. In 2011, “Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides” collected $90 million domestically in the opening weekend, while in 2007 “Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End” garnered a whopping $153 million over the Memorial Day weekend. In 2006, “Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest” collected $135 million over the opening weekend. (Read: Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean Sequel Tops Box Office ) Read More Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK – Free Report ) announced that it has bought exclusive worldwide license from Teijin Pharma for the development, manufacture and commercialization of an investigational preclinical anti-tau antibody. Merck sees potential in the development and commercialization of the candidate for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease (AD) and other neurological diseases. The company will make an undisclosed upfront payment to Teijin Pharma, which is also eligible to receive development, regulatory and sales milestone payments. Further, Teijin Pharma will receive royalties on product sales and retains an option to co-promote an approved product in Japan. (Read: Merck Buys Rights to Anti-tau Antibody for Alzheimer ) In a separate development, Merck announced that the FDA has approved Isentress HD, a new 1,200 mg once daily dose of its marketed drug Isentress (raltegravir), in combination with other anti-retroviral therapies. The drug is meant for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients with HIV-1 infection (weighing at least 40 kg). The stock has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE – Free Report ) announced that an FDA advisory committee has recommended approval of its biosimilar version of Amgen's erythropoiesis-stimulating agent (ESA) Epogen and Procrit. The Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee (ODAC) recommended approval across all indications of the reference product, which includes treatment of anemia and chronic kidney disease (CKD). (Read: Pfizer's Epogen Biosimilar Gets Positive FDA Committee Vote ) In a separate development, Zacks Rank #3-rated Pfizer announced that its Trumenba vaccine received approval from the European Commission (EC) for active immunization of people aged 10 years and older for the prevention of invasive disease caused by Neisseria meningitidis serogroup B (MenB). (Read: Pfizer's Trumenba Vaccine Approved by European Commission ) Chevron (NYSE:CVX – Free Report ) recently inked a $250 million deal with Royal Dutch Shell plc (RDS.A) per which the latter will acquire most of the Chevron’s gas-related assets in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. This development will substantially increase Royal Dutch Shell’s natural gas-rich holdings in the twin-island Caribbean nation. Per the deal, Shell will buy all the shares of Zacks Rank #3-rated Chevron’s local subsidiary, Chevron Trinidad and Tobago Resources SRL, including 50% stake in three offshore natural gas fields in the East coast Marine Area. Shell will also acquire part of Chevron’s stake in the Manatee cross-border gas field shared with neighboring Venezuela. Furthermore, Shell will purchase Chevron’s entire stake in Trinling Ltd LNG transportation and marketing company. (Read: Shell Inks Deal with Chevron to Expand Holdings in Trinidad ) Strong Stocks that Should Be in the News Many are little publicized and fly under the Wall Street radar. They're virtually unknown to the general public. Yet today's 220 Zacks Rank #1 "Strong Buys" were generated by the stock-picking system that has nearly tripled the market from 1988 through 2015. Its average gain has been a stellar +26% per year. See these high-potential stocks free >>. Get the full Report on GE - FREE Get the full Report on DIS - FREE Get the full Report on MRK - FREE Get the full Report on PFE - FREE Get the full Report on CVX - FREE Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/zacksresearch Join us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?ref=ts Zacks Investment Research is under common control with affiliated entities (including a broker-dealer and an investment adviser), which may engage in transactions involving the foregoing securities for the clients of such affiliates. Media Contact Zacks Investment Research 800-767-3771 ext. 9339 support@zacks.com https://www.zacks.com/ Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss. This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   Click for Free General Electric Company (GE) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free Walt Disney Company (The) (DIS) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free Chevron Corporation (CVX) Stock Analysis Report >>   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Comey’s testimony will damage Trump but won’t end his presidency, political analyst says CNBC.com Oprah Winfrey Speaks Out On Bill Maher's N-Word Controversy Yahoo View This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch BGR News Over 60,000 People Are Loving This Woman's Poignant Message About 'Perfect' Bodies Glamour All of the canceled and renewed TV shows from the 2016-’17 season Vox.com Social media explodes over Comey testimony CNBC After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list (SHLD) Business Insider UK What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider Oil Prices Collapse As The EIA Reports Unexpected Inventory Build Oilprice.com Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Social media explodes over Comey testimony stormhawk31: Seriously, how many times, and by how many knowledgeable people, both Republican and Democrat, do you idiots have to be told "There is absolutely no evidence of ANY 'collusion'", before you get it? Trump isn't even under investigation, and NEVER has been. I mean, do you idiots even understand English? Apparently not. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 164
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Antidepressants Market Research Report Forecast 2016-2024 The Antidepressants Market report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. Currently, the market is highly fragmented and competitive in nature due to the involvement of both large and small pharmaceutical companies. AstraZeneca plc, Eli Lilly and Company, Forest Laboratories, GlaxoSmithKline plc, H. Lundbeck A/S, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer, Inc. and Sanofi S.A. are major companies operating in the antidepressants market. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Antidepressants Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Factors driving the antidepressants market are declining side effects and rising efficacy of drugs in various classes as well as growing geriatric population where rate of mental illness is higher. However, the overall antidepressants market growth would decrease due to patent expiry of key antidepressants, fragile pipeline of new drugs, increasing number of generic drug alternatives, and growing prevalence of treatment-resistant psychiatric disorders. The antidepressants market has been segmented based on the drug classes commonly used for the treatment of various types of depressive disorders. There are different types of antidepressant drugs available in the market such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI), serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors (SNRI), noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants (TCA), reversible inhibitors of monoamine oxidase A (RIMA), tetracyclic antidepressants, etc. The regional analysis covers: North America (U.S. and Canada) Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others) Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, and Luxembourg) Eastern Europe (Poland and Russia) Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia, and New Zealand) Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, and North Africa) Browse more detail information about antidepressants market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/antidepressants-market… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Robert Lee Ahn Opposes Pull Out From Paris Climate Accord; Promises to Push for Expanding Federal Tax Credit to Used ZEVs Next PostNext Pertussis Vaccine Market Research, Key Players, Growth Opportunities, Outlook and Forecasts Report by 2016-2024 Search Recent Posts Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 India Ceramic Sanitary Ware Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 10.3% in terms of value during 2016-2026 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 Plaque Psoriasis Treatment Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2015 to 2021 : Persistence Market Research Differential Scanning Calorimetry Systems Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Dodecanol Market 2017 : Leap Labchem, Symrise AG, CellMark USALLC, Mosselman SA Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 06/05/2017 — Global Dodecanol Industry Trends, Share, Research, Forecast, Demand, Gross Margin, Growth Analysis, Revenue, Cost, Supply, Major Regions Status and R&D Status. The Global Dodecanol Market 2017 Industry Research Report is a in-depth study and professional analysis on the current state of the Dodecanol market. Dodecanol Market Report Details: Firstly, Worldwide Dodecanol Market report provides a basic overview of the Dodecanol industry including classification, definitions, Key vendors, Growth Drivers, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis and Dodecanol industry chain structure. Do Inquiry Before Purchase: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/127495#inquiry-for-buying Major Companies covered in this Research Report are, Chemos GmbH Merck Schuchardt OHG Leap Labchem Jinan Haohua Industry Santa Cruz Biotechnology Haihang Industry East Chemical Industry Symrise AG Magna-Kron Corp Shanghai IS Chemical Technology Seidler Chemical CellMark USALLC Mosselman SA Global Dodecanol Market analysis is provided for the international industry including company development history, Dodecanol market competitive landscape, Regional analysis and major regions development status on industry Market scenario. Global Dodecanol Sales Industry Report 2017 Covers:- 1. Dodecanol Overview 2. Global Dodecanol Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 3. United States, China, Europe, Japan Dodecanol (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4. Worldwide Dodecanol Manufacturers Analysis 5. Dodecanol Manufacturing Cost Analysis 6. Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 7. Industrial Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 8. Market Effect Factors Analysis 9. Worldwide Dodecanol Market Forecast (2017-2021) 10. Appendix Get Sample of Dodecanol Report: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/127495#request-sample Secondly, Dodecanol Market report includes, development policies and plans are discussed, manufacturing processes and cost structures. This Dodecanol Industry report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, Global Dodecanol Market revenue and gross margin by regions (South East Asia, India, North America, Europe, Japan and China) and also other can be added. Then, the report pay attention on worldwide major leading market players (in Dodecanol industry area) with information such as Company Profile, Sales Volume, Price, Gross Margin and contact information. Global Dodecanol Industry report also includes Upstream & downstream consumers analysis, raw materials. All above Company Profile, Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Revenue, Supply, Import, Export and Consumption covered in Dodecanol industry report. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fast Capital 360 Is Doing Their Part To Help Veterans Next PostNext Infiniti Research Releases Their Top Trends for Three Different Evolving Industries Search Recent Posts Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 India Ceramic Sanitary Ware Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 10.3% in terms of value during 2016-2026 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 Plaque Psoriasis Treatment Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2015 to 2021 : Persistence Market Research Differential Scanning Calorimetry Systems Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Alibaba (BABA) pops on massive full-year revenue forecast >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Dynavax Technologies Corporation (DVAX) Stock Earns a Double-Digit Lift DVAX stock holders are celebrating the success of an SD-101 clinical trial By John Kilhefner, InvestorPlace Assistant Editor  |  Jun 5, 2017, 12:14 pm EDT     Popular Posts: Dynavax Technologies Corporation (DVAX) Stock Earns a Double-Digit Lift Recent Posts: Dynavax Technologies Corporation (DVAX) Stock Earns a Double-Digit Lift Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Stock Wilts After China Head Departure Sorl Auto Parts, Inc. (SORL) Stock Pops 22% as Buzz Grows View All Posts Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:DVAX) opened Monday with a 27% jump from Friday’s close. The surge in DVAX stock comes on the heels of updated results from its ongoing Phase 1b/2 clinical trial of its toll-like receptor 9 agonist, SD-101. Dynavax shares have since fallen a bit to some profit-taking, but share holders are still sitting pretty on 15% gains as of this writing. Dynavax’s trial studied the effects of SD-101 in conjunction with Keytruda, a Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) developed anti-PD-1 therapy, in patients with advanced melanoma. The trial, which tested 19 patients for efficacy and 22 for safety, showed several positive results. Three key points from the trial: The combination of SD-101 with Merck’s Keytruda produced an overall response rate (ORR) of 100% in seven patients who hadn’t undergone treatment with a PD-1/L1 inhibitor. The complete response (CR) rate was 29%. Both of which surpassed the use of Keytruda alone. SD-101 saw a 42% rate of tumor shrinkage in 12 patients, of which all had previously failed an anti-PD-1 treatment. 17% experienced a partial response (PR). SD-101 and Keytruda resulted in tumor shrinkage in “non-injected visceral lesions,” while activating both innate and adaptive immune responses. The results were “very encouraging,” according to the lead investigator of the trial, Antoni Ribas, M.D., Ph.D., of Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center at the University of California. He continued: “These results are supported by tumor shrinkage in patients who had previously progressed on anti-PD-1 treatment and by confirmatory laboratory biomarker assessments in tumor biopsies. If these clinical results are sustained in the ongoing trial, this combination, which mobilizes both innate and adaptive immune responses in patients, could represent an important advancement in immuno-oncology.” SD-101 for advanced melanoma is just one of a handful of drugs in Dynavax’s pipeline, which includes a hepatitis B vaccine and treatments for asthma and lung cancer. SD-101 itself is currently undergoing trials under several different combinations. DVAX stock is now up about 75% for the year-to-date, clawing into massive losses sustained since mid-2015, when shares traded above the $30 level. John Kilhefner is the deputy managing editor of InvestorPlace.com. He does not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Follow him on Twitter at @jkilhefner. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/dynavax-technologies-corporation-dvax-stock-earns-a-double-digit-lift/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Cheap Stocks to Buy Now 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage Should You Buy Tesla Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold 10 Companies in Amazon’s Crosshairs A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage 10 Companies That Are in Amazon’s Crosshairs The 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold Sell Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Before Everyone Else Does Most Popular 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Finally Join the Rally 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits Why Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Heading to $15 Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Market 2017 – Industry, Trends,Market Size, Segments, Growth Prospects: Acute Market Reports “Acute Market Reports Logo” AcuteMarketReports.com has Published New Research Report Title “Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Market Report 2017″Market Research report to their Database Report Description: In this report, the global Veterinary Anti-infectives market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Browse Full Report here: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/veterinary-anti-infectives-sales-market Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (K Pcs), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Veterinary Anti-infectives for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Global Veterinary Anti-infectives market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Veterinary Anti-infectives sales volume, Price (USD/Pcs), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Zoetis Animal Healthcare Merck Merial (Sanofi) Elanco Bayer Healthcare Ceva Animal Health Virbac Boehringer Ingelheim On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Pcs), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Pcs), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Marbofloxacin Florfenicol Freeze-dried Ceftiofur Beta-lactams Oxytetracycline Aminosidine On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Veterinary Anti-infectives for each application, including Companion Animals Farm Animals Others Browse the complete report at: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/veterinary-anti-infectives-sales-market Table of Content: 1 Veterinary Anti-infectives Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Veterinary Anti-infectives 1.2 Classification of Veterinary Anti-infectives by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Marbofloxacin 1.2.4 Florfenicol 1.2.5 Freeze-dried Ceftiofur 1.2.6 Beta-lactams 1.2.7 Oxytetracycline 1.2.8 Aminosidine 1.3 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Companion Animals 1.3.3 Farm Animals 1.3.4 Others 1.4 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Veterinary Anti-infectives Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Veterinary Anti-infectives Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Veterinary Anti-infectives Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Veterinary Anti-infectives Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Veterinary Anti-infectives Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Veterinary Anti-infectives Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Veterinary Anti-infectives (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 2 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Market Competition by Players/Suppliers 2.1.1 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives (Volume and Value) by Region 2.3.1 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.3.2 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives Revenue and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.4 Global Veterinary Anti-infectives (Volume) by Application 3 United States Veterinary Anti-infectives (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 United States Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales and Value (2012-2017) 3.1.1 United States Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.2 United States Veterinary Anti-infectives Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.3 United States Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 3.2 United States Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 3.3 United States Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 3.4 United States Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 4 China Veterinary Anti-infectives (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4.1 China Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales and Value (2012-2017) 4.1.1 China Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 4.1.2 China Veterinary Anti-infectives Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 4.1.3 China Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 4.2 China Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 4.3 China Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 4.4 China Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 5 Europe Veterinary Anti-infectives (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5.1 Europe Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales and Value (2012-2017) 5.1.1 Europe Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 5.1.2 Europe Veterinary Anti-infectives Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 5.1.3 Europe Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 5.2 Europe Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 5.3 Europe Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 5.4 Europe Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 6 Japan Veterinary Anti-infectives (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 6.1 Japan Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales and Value (2012-2017) 6.1.1 Japan Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 6.1.2 Japan Veterinary Anti-infectives Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 6.1.3 Japan Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 6.2 Japan Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 6.3 Japan Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 6.4 Japan Veterinary Anti-infectives Sales Volume and Market Share by Application About – Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Browse All Reports of This Category – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/pharmaceutical-market Our Blog :- http://www.pdfdevices.com/global-veterinary-anti-infectives-sales-market-2017-industry-trendsmarket-size-segments-growth-prospects-acute-market-reports/ Media Contact Company Name: Acute Market Reports Contact Person: Chris Paul Email: sales@acutemarketreports.com Phone: India: +91 7755981103, Toll Free US/Canada: +1-855-455-8662 Address:Office No 01, 1st Floor, Aditi Mall, Baner City: Pune State: Maharashtra Country: India Website: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/veterinary-anti-infectives-sales-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Services, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Press Releases: Remarks at the Ceremony for Montenegro’s Accession to the North Atlantic Treaty Next PostNext System-on-Chip (SoC) Market: Global Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Search Recent Posts Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 India Ceramic Sanitary Ware Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 10.3% in terms of value during 2016-2026 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 Plaque Psoriasis Treatment Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2015 to 2021 : Persistence Market Research Differential Scanning Calorimetry Systems Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Arun Patil Animal Antimicrobials Market Research Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply Chain and Analysis in USA 2017– 2022 The United States Animal Antimicrobials market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. A strong trend of R&D investments in Food & Beverage industries will majorly drive the Animal Antimicrobials market. Other growth drivers include the need to curtail costs, growth and increased use of shifting commodity prices, strength of private label brands and increased competition from players in Animal Antimicrobials industries are Zoetis, Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Eli Lilly and Company, Merck & Co., Inc., Bayer AG, Sanofi, Ceva Sante Animale, Virbac, Vetoquinol S.A., Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC and many others. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Animal Antimicrobials Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10624490 The USA Animal Antimicrobials Market, presents critical information and factual data about this Industry, providing an overall statistical study of this market on the basis of market drivers, market limitations and its future prospects. Animal Antimicrobials Market Research study focus on these Types: Premixes, Oral Powders, Oral Solutions, Injections, Others and Applications: Food-producing Animals, Companion Animals. Get Sample PDF of Animal Antimicrobials Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10624490 The research report gives an overview of USA Animal Antimicrobials industries on by analysing various key segments of this market based on the product types, application, end-to-end industries and industry scenario. The regional distribution of this industry is across the globe are considered for this Animal Antimicrobials market analysis, the result of which is utilized to estimate the performance of the USA market over the period by foretasted year. Following are major Table of Content of Animal Antimicrobials Industry: Animal Antimicrobials Market Competition by Manufacturers, Animal Antimicrobials Production, Revenue by Region, Animal Antimicrobials Supply, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions, Animal Antimicrobials Production, Revenue, Price Trend by Type, Animal Antimicrobials Market Analysis by Application, Animal Antimicrobials Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis. Purchase Animal Antimicrobials Market Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10624490 All aspects of the Animal Antimicrobials industry are quantitatively as well as qualitatively assessed to study the USA as well as regional market comparatively. The basic information such as the definition, prevalent chain and the government regulations pertaining to the Animal Antimicrobials market are also discussed in the report. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsAnimal Antimicrobials Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious High Viscosity Lubricating Oil Market Development Trends, Key Manufacturers and Competitive Analysis 2017-2021 Next PostNext Global Tyrosine Market Analysis and Revenue Forecast 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 India Ceramic Sanitary Ware Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 10.3% in terms of value during 2016-2026 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 Plaque Psoriasis Treatment Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2015 to 2021 : Persistence Market Research Differential Scanning Calorimetry Systems Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Worldwide Survey: Swine Healthcare Sales Market 2017 – Size, Share, Analysis, Trends and Forecast By Acute Market Reports “Acute Market Reports Logo” AcuteMarketReports.com has Published New Research Report Title “Global Swine Healthcare Sales Market Report 2017″Market Research report to their Database Report Description: In this report, the global Swine Healthcare market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Browse Full Report here: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/swine-healthcare-sales-market Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (K Pcs), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Swine Healthcare for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Global Swine Healthcare market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Swine Healthcare sales volume, Price (USD/Pcs), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Zoetis Merck Merial (Sanofi) Elanco (Eli Lilly) Bayer Animal Health Boehringer Ingelheim Novartis Animal Health Virbac Ceva Sante Animale Vetoquinol On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Pcs), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Pcs), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Vaccines Parasiticides Anti-infectives Medicinal Feed Additives Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Swine Healthcare for each application, including Farm House Others Browse the complete report at: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/swine-healthcare-sales-market Table of Content: 1 Swine Healthcare Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Swine Healthcare 1.2 Classification of Swine Healthcare by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Swine Healthcare Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Swine Healthcare Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Vaccines 1.2.4 Parasiticides 1.2.5 Anti-infectives 1.2.6 Medicinal Feed Additives 1.2.7 Others 1.3 Global Swine Healthcare Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Swine Healthcare Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Farm 1.3.3 House 1.3.4 Others 1.4 Global Swine Healthcare Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Swine Healthcare Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Swine Healthcare Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Swine Healthcare Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Swine Healthcare Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Swine Healthcare Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Swine Healthcare Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Swine Healthcare Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Swine Healthcare (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Swine Healthcare Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Swine Healthcare Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 2 Global Swine Healthcare Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Swine Healthcare Market Competition by Players/Suppliers 2.1.1 Global Swine Healthcare Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Swine Healthcare Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Swine Healthcare (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Swine Healthcare Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 Global Swine Healthcare Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Swine Healthcare (Volume and Value) by Region 2.3.1 Global Swine Healthcare Sales and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.3.2 Global Swine Healthcare Revenue and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.4 Global Swine Healthcare (Volume) by Application 3 United States Swine Healthcare (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 United States Swine Healthcare Sales and Value (2012-2017) 3.1.1 United States Swine Healthcare Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.2 United States Swine Healthcare Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.3 United States Swine Healthcare Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 3.2 United States Swine Healthcare Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 3.3 United States Swine Healthcare Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 3.4 United States Swine Healthcare Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 4 China Swine Healthcare (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4.1 China Swine Healthcare Sales and Value (2012-2017) 4.1.1 China Swine Healthcare Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 4.1.2 China Swine Healthcare Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 4.1.3 China Swine Healthcare Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 4.2 China Swine Healthcare Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 4.3 China Swine Healthcare Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 4.4 China Swine Healthcare Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 5 Europe Swine Healthcare (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5.1 Europe Swine Healthcare Sales and Value (2012-2017) 5.1.1 Europe Swine Healthcare Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 5.1.2 Europe Swine Healthcare Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 5.1.3 Europe Swine Healthcare Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 5.2 Europe Swine Healthcare Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 5.3 Europe Swine Healthcare Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 5.4 Europe Swine Healthcare Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 6 Japan Swine Healthcare (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 6.1 Japan Swine Healthcare Sales and Value (2012-2017) 6.1.1 Japan Swine Healthcare Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 6.1.2 Japan Swine Healthcare Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 6.1.3 Japan Swine Healthcare Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 6.2 Japan Swine Healthcare Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 6.3 Japan Swine Healthcare Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 6.4 Japan Swine Healthcare Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 7 Southeast Asia Swine Healthcare (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 7.1 Southeast Asia Swine Healthcare Sales and Value (2012-2017) 7.1.1 Southeast Asia Swine Healthcare Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 7.1.2 Southeast Asia Swine Healthcare Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 7.1.3 Southeast Asia Swine Healthcare Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 7.2 Southeast Asia Swine Healthcare Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 7.3 Southeast Asia Swine Healthcare Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 7.4 Southeast Asia Swine Healthcare Sales Volume and Market Share by Application About – Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Browse All Reports of This Category – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/healthcare-market Our Blog :- http://www.pdfdevices.com/worldwide-survey-swine-healthcare-sales-market-2017-size-share-analysis-trends-and-forecast-by-acute-market-reports/ Media Contact Company Name: Acute Market Reports Contact Person: Chris Paul Email: sales@acutemarketreports.com Phone: India: +91 7755981103, Toll Free US/Canada: +1-855-455-8662 Address:Office No 01, 1st Floor, Aditi Mall, Baner City: Pune State: Maharashtra Country: India Website: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/swine-healthcare-sales-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Marketing & Sales, Science Post navigation Previous PostPrevious American Climate Leaders Declare “We are Still In” Next PostNext Discover Video Introduces DV Express HD Streaming System at Infocomm 2017 Search Recent Posts Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 India Ceramic Sanitary Ware Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 10.3% in terms of value during 2016-2026 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 Plaque Psoriasis Treatment Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2015 to 2021 : Persistence Market Research Differential Scanning Calorimetry Systems Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Advertisement Home Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials Watch Science Connect Events Laboratory Design Conference RD 100 Conference Search Social Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Guides Companies Products Learn Login Register Subscribe Channels R&D LDN SC Advertisement Advertisement Disease Research New Report Highlights Oncology R&D Developments Fri, 06/02/2017 - 9:09am Comments by Ryan Bushey - Digital Editor - @R_Bushey The QuintilesIMS Institute, a research firm that analyzes data for the healthcare sector, released a new report on the eve of the annual American Society of Clinical Oncology Meeting that sheds light on the progress made in research and development for cancer treatments. The report analyzed the advances for diagnosing and treating these diseases along with the availability of treatments and the costs associated with them. Here are some highlights from the report. Earlier Detection & Better Diagnosis Cancer was the leading cause of death in 2015 causing an estimated 8.8 million deaths globally, according to the World Health Organization. However, cancer mortality rates have slowly declined across major developed countries between 2004 and 2013 with France seeing the biggest drop followed by the United States and Japan. The greatest improvements in incidence and mortality was seen in prostate, breast, colorectal, and lung cancers. Enhanced detection techniques combined with new predictive methods have a significant impact on this decline. Updated guidelines have helped with the drop in prostate cancer cases since patients are not recommended to undergo routine PSA testing, which led to a large quantity of over-diagnosis cases as one example. Also, the practice of personalized medicine has helped with this process as well. This field of medicine has led to better patient segmentation based on biomarker status, which essentially recognizes that each major cancer type can be segmented with specific treatment options and outcomes. Using these predictive biomarkers made it easier to allow sub-populations with cancer types to be identified. This practice redefines clinical trial implementation by changing design and embracing smaller patient populations essentially creating better risk/benefit assessment and more informed treatment decisions. This predictive biomarker strategy has also supported the development of robust oncology pipelines. Novel Therapeutic Breakthroughs About 68 different agents have been approved for over 22 indications between from 2011 to 2016, which signified a strong improvement in outcomes for patients diagnosed with metastatic diseases. This period saw rapid uptake of immuno-oncology drugs, especially the novel class of PD-1 inhibitors. These agents are associated with a durable response in multiple cancer types, but have a notable impact in the advanced melanoma space. A wave of regulatory approvals for these treatments kicked off in September 2014 with the launch of Bristol-Myers Squibb’s Opdivo and Merck’s Keytruda. Also, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration granted approval to Merck and Pfizer’s avelumab, which is intended for a rare and aggressive form of skin cancer called Merkel cell carcinoma. Overall, these breakthroughs has made the number of patients undergoing treatments nearly triple across all lines of prescribing. A Cost Conundrum Pricing could still be an issue down the road even though these innovations have had a profound impact on the treatment space. Ultimately, the report predicts the oncology space will grow 6 to 9 percent with higher costs being driven by wider use of new products combined with better survival benefits leading to longer therapy durations and therefore, an increase in costs. The total global costs of oncology and supportive care therapies were $113 billion in 2016—up from $107 billion in 2015. The United States accounted for 46 percent of the total global oncology costs, which was up from 39 percent in 2012. Factors like patent expiries and biosimilar competition will contribute to potentially lower prices, but they will be offset by things like increase prevalence of cancer, diagnosis rates, and treatment rates. Related Reads BMS Preps New Trials to Test Opdivo's Efficacy in Other Cancers BMS Announces Mixed Data for Opdivo at ESMO 2016 Merck Seeks FDA Approval for Keytruda as First-Line Treatment UK Cost Agency Turns Down Bristol Drug for Head and Neck Cancer Ryan Bushey Digital Editor @R_Bushey Full Bio > Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Drug Discovery & Development Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Contributor Guidelines Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement Advertisement
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman WBENC Sets the Stage in Las Vegas for the 2017 Student Entrepreneur Program and Pitch Competition WASHINGTON, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — The Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC) is proud to announce the 20 student entrepreneurs selected for the prestigious 2017 WBENC Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP) at WBENC’s National Conference & Business Fair in Las Vegas, Nevada from June 18 – 23. The SEP program fosters growth for the next generation of women-owned businesses through a tailored entrepreneurial curriculum and mentoring from certified women-owned businesses and Fortune 500 Corporate Members including Bristol-Meyers Squibb Company, Dell Technologies, Ericsson North America, Exxon Mobil Corporation, Merck, Macy’s Inc, Pfizer Inc., Office Depot, Inc, U.S. Postal Service, and Walmart Stores, Inc. The Title Sponsors for the 2017 program are Allstate Insurance Company and FedEx. Cheryl Harris, Senior Vice President and Chief Procurement Officer of Allstate Insurance Company, reflects on her experience as a mentor with SEP: „WBENC’s Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP) emboldens that entrepreneurial spirit in the next generation of women business owners. As a past mentor, I feel it is my duty to continually be a part of this developmental program. SEP fosters the brilliance of these women; empowering them to exercise their ingenuity and influence in advancing the business and local community landscapes – unleashing innovative WBEs into the economy.” „FedEx is proud to support the WBENC Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP),” says Sue Spence, Vice President, Sourcing and Procurement at FedEx. „This program has a proven track record of providing essential resources to help encourage the next generation of women business owners. Playing a role in the growth of small businesses is a major focus area for FedEx, and it’s even more exciting to play a role in the development of young women through the SEP program.” Since inception in 2008, more than 150 students from 50 colleges and universities across the country have graduated from SEP. To celebrate WBENC’s 20th anniversary, SEP is welcoming ten alumnae from prior years as mentors to the current participants throughout the week and beyond. This exciting addition is made possible by our 20th Anniversary Alumni Champion Sponsor, Shell Oil Company. As part of the program, the students compete in a pitch competition. In 2016, WBENC awarded $5,000 in seed capital to Ya-El Mandel-Portnoy, founder and CEO of Cardea Sciences; the 2nd and 3rd place participants won $3,000 and $2,000 in seed capital, respectively. This year, the cohort will compete again for $10,000 in seed capital during the EY WBENC SEP Pitch Competition on Thursday, June 22 from 3-5 p.m. at the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino. Conference attendees are encouraged to attend. This year’s cohort includes students from 17 universities majoring in biomedical, engineering, computer science, business and the arts. All student participants are passionate about their future and have incredible entrepreneurial spirits. Whether they are still in the early stages of launching their startup or looking to advance their business, SEP will give this year’s cohort the tools and resources to become proactive women entrepreneurs. Here are this years’ participants. {in alphabetical order} Carrisa Anderson, Hofstra University Isis Ashford, Prairie View A&M University Jordan Banks, Wake Forest University Emilee Burroughs, Berry College Alex Coren, University of Miami Ashia Davis, Pepperdine University Rebecca Duberman, University of Wisconsin-Madison Queneesha Gregory, Georgia Southern University Nakia Guy, Columbus State University Allison Ingle, Wright State University Sharlena Luyen, Oregon State University Lauren Miller, Wake Forest University Alexa Pete, Prairie View A&M University Sadie Pierce, Mississippi State University Kareman Rawy, Oregon State University Rikki Rummel, University of South Florida Ana Sanchez, Florida State University Parisa Soraya, University of Michigan Mary Taylor Jr, University of Cincinnati Rose Wong, University of Hawaii at Manoa To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wbenc-sets-the-stage-in-las-vegas-for-the-2017-student-entrepreneur-program-and-pitch-competition-300468589.html SOURCE Women’s Business Enterprise National Council CategoriesUncategorized TagsWomen Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Empire Petroleum Announces Acquisition Of Distribution Contracts From Superior Transport, Inc. Next PostNext Lincoln Property Company and Foundry Commercial Complete First Phase of 121 West Trade Building Renovation Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman WBENC Sets the Stage in Las Vegas for the 2017 Student Entrepreneur Program and Pitch Competition WASHINGTON, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — The Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC) is proud to announce the 20 student entrepreneurs selected for the prestigious 2017 WBENC Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP) at WBENC’s National Conference & Business Fair in Las Vegas, Nevada from June 18 – 23. The SEP program fosters growth for the next generation of women-owned businesses through a tailored entrepreneurial curriculum and mentoring from certified women-owned businesses and Fortune 500 Corporate Members including Bristol-Meyers Squibb Company, Dell Technologies, Ericsson North America, Exxon Mobil Corporation, Merck, Macy’s Inc, Pfizer Inc., Office Depot, Inc, U.S. Postal Service, and Walmart Stores, Inc. The Title Sponsors for the 2017 program are Allstate Insurance Company and FedEx. Cheryl Harris, Senior Vice President and Chief Procurement Officer of Allstate Insurance Company, reflects on her experience as a mentor with SEP: „WBENC’s Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP) emboldens that entrepreneurial spirit in the next generation of women business owners. As a past mentor, I feel it is my duty to continually be a part of this developmental program. SEP fosters the brilliance of these women; empowering them to exercise their ingenuity and influence in advancing the business and local community landscapes – unleashing innovative WBEs into the economy.” „FedEx is proud to support the WBENC Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP),” says Sue Spence, Vice President, Sourcing and Procurement at FedEx. „This program has a proven track record of providing essential resources to help encourage the next generation of women business owners. Playing a role in the growth of small businesses is a major focus area for FedEx, and it’s even more exciting to play a role in the development of young women through the SEP program.” Since inception in 2008, more than 150 students from 50 colleges and universities across the country have graduated from SEP. To celebrate WBENC’s 20th anniversary, SEP is welcoming ten alumnae from prior years as mentors to the current participants throughout the week and beyond. This exciting addition is made possible by our 20th Anniversary Alumni Champion Sponsor, Shell Oil Company. As part of the program, the students compete in a pitch competition. In 2016, WBENC awarded $5,000 in seed capital to Ya-El Mandel-Portnoy, founder and CEO of Cardea Sciences; the 2nd and 3rd place participants won $3,000 and $2,000 in seed capital, respectively. This year, the cohort will compete again for $10,000 in seed capital during the EY WBENC SEP Pitch Competition on Thursday, June 22 from 3-5 p.m. at the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino. Conference attendees are encouraged to attend. This year’s cohort includes students from 17 universities majoring in biomedical, engineering, computer science, business and the arts. All student participants are passionate about their future and have incredible entrepreneurial spirits. Whether they are still in the early stages of launching their startup or looking to advance their business, SEP will give this year’s cohort the tools and resources to become proactive women entrepreneurs. Here are this years’ participants. {in alphabetical order} Carrisa Anderson, Hofstra University Isis Ashford, Prairie View A&M University Jordan Banks, Wake Forest University Emilee Burroughs, Berry College Alex Coren, University of Miami Ashia Davis, Pepperdine University Rebecca Duberman, University of Wisconsin-Madison Queneesha Gregory, Georgia Southern University Nakia Guy, Columbus State University Allison Ingle, Wright State University Sharlena Luyen, Oregon State University Lauren Miller, Wake Forest University Alexa Pete, Prairie View A&M University Sadie Pierce, Mississippi State University Kareman Rawy, Oregon State University Rikki Rummel, University of South Florida Ana Sanchez, Florida State University Parisa Soraya, University of Michigan Mary Taylor Jr, University of Cincinnati Rose Wong, University of Hawaii at Manoa To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wbenc-sets-the-stage-in-las-vegas-for-the-2017-student-entrepreneur-program-and-pitch-competition-300468589.html SOURCE Women’s Business Enterprise National Council CategoriesUncategorized TagsWomen Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Empire Petroleum Announces Acquisition Of Distribution Contracts From Superior Transport, Inc. Next PostNext Lincoln Property Company and Foundry Commercial Complete First Phase of 121 West Trade Building Renovation Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman WBENC Sets the Stage in Las Vegas for the 2017 Student Entrepreneur Program and Pitch Competition WASHINGTON, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — The Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC) is proud to announce the 20 student entrepreneurs selected for the prestigious 2017 WBENC Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP) at WBENC’s National Conference & Business Fair in Las Vegas, Nevada from June 18 – 23. The SEP program fosters growth for the next generation of women-owned businesses through a tailored entrepreneurial curriculum and mentoring from certified women-owned businesses and Fortune 500 Corporate Members including Bristol-Meyers Squibb Company, Dell Technologies, Ericsson North America, Exxon Mobil Corporation, Merck, Macy’s Inc, Pfizer Inc., Office Depot, Inc, U.S. Postal Service, and Walmart Stores, Inc. The Title Sponsors for the 2017 program are Allstate Insurance Company and FedEx. Cheryl Harris, Senior Vice President and Chief Procurement Officer of Allstate Insurance Company, reflects on her experience as a mentor with SEP: „WBENC’s Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP) emboldens that entrepreneurial spirit in the next generation of women business owners. As a past mentor, I feel it is my duty to continually be a part of this developmental program. SEP fosters the brilliance of these women; empowering them to exercise their ingenuity and influence in advancing the business and local community landscapes – unleashing innovative WBEs into the economy.” „FedEx is proud to support the WBENC Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP),” says Sue Spence, Vice President, Sourcing and Procurement at FedEx. „This program has a proven track record of providing essential resources to help encourage the next generation of women business owners. Playing a role in the growth of small businesses is a major focus area for FedEx, and it’s even more exciting to play a role in the development of young women through the SEP program.” Since inception in 2008, more than 150 students from 50 colleges and universities across the country have graduated from SEP. To celebrate WBENC’s 20th anniversary, SEP is welcoming ten alumnae from prior years as mentors to the current participants throughout the week and beyond. This exciting addition is made possible by our 20th Anniversary Alumni Champion Sponsor, Shell Oil Company. As part of the program, the students compete in a pitch competition. In 2016, WBENC awarded $5,000 in seed capital to Ya-El Mandel-Portnoy, founder and CEO of Cardea Sciences; the 2nd and 3rd place participants won $3,000 and $2,000 in seed capital, respectively. This year, the cohort will compete again for $10,000 in seed capital during the EY WBENC SEP Pitch Competition on Thursday, June 22 from 3-5 p.m. at the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino. Conference attendees are encouraged to attend. This year’s cohort includes students from 17 universities majoring in biomedical, engineering, computer science, business and the arts. All student participants are passionate about their future and have incredible entrepreneurial spirits. Whether they are still in the early stages of launching their startup or looking to advance their business, SEP will give this year’s cohort the tools and resources to become proactive women entrepreneurs. Here are this years’ participants. {in alphabetical order} Carrisa Anderson, Hofstra University Isis Ashford, Prairie View A&M University Jordan Banks, Wake Forest University Emilee Burroughs, Berry College Alex Coren, University of Miami Ashia Davis, Pepperdine University Rebecca Duberman, University of Wisconsin-Madison Queneesha Gregory, Georgia Southern University Nakia Guy, Columbus State University Allison Ingle, Wright State University Sharlena Luyen, Oregon State University Lauren Miller, Wake Forest University Alexa Pete, Prairie View A&M University Sadie Pierce, Mississippi State University Kareman Rawy, Oregon State University Rikki Rummel, University of South Florida Ana Sanchez, Florida State University Parisa Soraya, University of Michigan Mary Taylor Jr, University of Cincinnati Rose Wong, University of Hawaii at Manoa To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wbenc-sets-the-stage-in-las-vegas-for-the-2017-student-entrepreneur-program-and-pitch-competition-300468589.html SOURCE Women’s Business Enterprise National Council CategoriesUncategorized TagsWomen Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Empire Petroleum Announces Acquisition Of Distribution Contracts From Superior Transport, Inc. Next PostNext Lincoln Property Company and Foundry Commercial Complete First Phase of 121 West Trade Building Renovation Search Recent Posts Former Secretary of the Air Force, Deborah Lee James, Appointed to Special Advisory Role at Bain & Company Global Parenteral Packaging Market anticipated to increase at a CAGR of 11.2% during 2016-2026 Two Wheeler Lighting Market Report 2017 explores Unitech, Koito, Varroc Lighting, Hella, Federal Mogul, Stanley and so on Global Agar Market will surpass US$ 357,091.6 by 2026 Global Aloe Vera Extracts Market revenues will surpass US$ 3.3 Bn by 2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Human Vaccines Market Expanding at a Stable CAGR of 11.8% from 2016 to 2022 Human Vaccines Market by Technology, Disease Indication, by Type; by Composition by End User and by Route of Administration – Forecast till 2022 Major key Players include GlaxoSmithKline Plc,Merck & Co. Inc,Pfizer, Inc.,Sanofi Pasteur, Inc.,AstraZeneca Plc.,Bharat Biotech,Shenzhen Kangtai Biological Products, ” — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Synopsis of Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market: Market Scenario: A vaccine is a biological preparation which contains a weakened or killed microbial agent, its toxins or its surface proteins, which provides active acquired immunity against the disease caused by the microbe. The aim of vaccination is to stimulate and train the body immunity to recognize and destroy the microbial threat in later encounters. Vaccination is the most effective method of preventing infectious diseases and is largely responsible for eradicating many deadly diseases such as smallpox and the restriction of diseases such as measles, and tetanus Taking all the factors into consideration, we expect the Middle East and Africa human vaccines market which was $ 2.8 billion in 2015 to reach around $ 5.46 billion in future, growing at a CAGR of 11.8%. Key Players for Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market: • GlaxoSmithKline Plc., • Merck & Co. Inc., • Pfizer, Inc., • Sanofi Pasteur, Inc., • AstraZeneca Plc., • Bharat Biotech, • Shenzhen Kangtai Biological Products, • Valeant Pharmaceuticals, • Emergent Biosolutions Inc., • Astellas Pharma Inc., • Panacea Biotec • others. Request a Free Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2671 Segments: Middle East and Africa human vaccines market has been segmented On the basis of technology which comprises attenuated, inactivated, toxoid, conjugate & subunit, recombinant DNA. On the basis of disease indication; market is segmented into pneumococcal, influenza, hepatitis, rotavirus, DTP, polio and others. On the basis of type the market is segmented into prophylactic and therapeutic. On the basis of composition market is again segmented into mono vaccine and combination vaccines. The route of administration segments the market into oral, injectable and other. Moreover on the basis of end user; market is segmented into children and adults. Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread in 110 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on “Human Vaccines Market Research Report – Global Forecast to 2022” Browse full report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/human-vaccines-market Study Objectives Middle East and Africa Human Vaccines Market: • To provide detail analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 6 years of various segments and sub-segments of the Middle East and Africa human vaccines market. • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth. • To analyze the market based on various analyses which includes price analysis, supply chain analysis, Porters Five Force analysis etc. • To provide past and estimated future revenue of the market’s segments and sub-segments with respect to the Middle East and Africa human vaccines market. • To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future growth prospect. • To provide country level analysis of the market for segments which includes by technology, by disease indication, by type, by composition, by end user, by route of administration and other sub segments. To provide overview of key players and their strategic profiling in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape of the market • To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments along with research and developments globally. Table of Content 1 Introduction 1.1 Definition 1.2 Scope Of Study 1.3 Research Objective 1.4 Assumptions & Limitations 1.5 Market Structure: 2 Research Methodology 2.1 Research Process 2.2 Primary Research 2.3 Secondary Research 3 Market Dynamics 3.1 Drivers 3.2 Restraints 3.3 Opportunities 3.4 Challenges 3.5 Macroeconomic Indicators 4 Market Factor Analysis 4.1 Porter’s Five Forces Model 4.1.1 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers 4.1.2 Bargaining Power Of Customer 4.1.3 Intensity Of Competitor’s 4.1.4 Threat Of New Entrants 5 Middle East And Africa Human Vaccines Market, By Technology Continue………. Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2022 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global High-Pressure Pumps Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Fiberglass Pipes Market is Expected to Witness the Same Growth during the Forecast Period Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 India Ceramic Sanitary Ware Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 10.3% in terms of value during 2016-2026 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 Plaque Psoriasis Treatment Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2015 to 2021 : Persistence Market Research RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Merck's Grip on a Hot Cancer-Drug Market May Tighten By Max Nisen Photographer: Marko Georgiev Health Max Nisen Max Nisen is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering biotech, pharma and health care. He previously wrote about management and corporate strategy for Quartz and Business Insider. Follow @MaxNisen Facebook Twitter Email Print Share June 5, 2017 9:16 AM EDT ELI LILLY & CO +0.12 As of 9:31 AM EDT 79.51 USD While you were hopefully having a lovely summer weekend, Eli Lilly & Co. investors were sweating over the U.S. Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB), which may invalidate a patent on the company's lung-cancer drug Alimta as soon as Monday.  They have reason to be anxious. Alimta was Lilly's third-largest medicine last year, accounting for nearly $2.3 billion in sales. A patent loss could hasten generic competition, which would be bad news when coupled with the company's other patent losses, setbacks in its drug pipeline, and competition in the diabetes market. The patent at issue expires in 2022, so losing it now could mean a lot of lost revenue for Lilly. The company can appeal the decision, but there's a chance Alimta generics could hit the market this year.  But Merck & Co. shareholders should be paying close attention, too. This decision may extend that firm's already formidable lead in the multi-billion-dollar market for immune-boosting cancer drugs.  Bonus! A good year for Merck could get better at Eli Lilly's expense Source: Bloomberg This group of so called immune-oncology (IO) drugs -- Merck's Keytruda and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co's Opdivo are the two most successful entrants to date -- are now FDA-approved to treat a wide variety of cancers. But though they can have dramatic effects in some patients, they don't work for most. The five firms that have medicines in this class on the market are now testing them in combination with other medicines in an effort to expand their reach. Right now, Merck appears to be in the pole position in that race. Its combination of Keytruda with Lilly's drug Alimta -- a chemotherapy widely used in lung cancer -- was approved on May 10 for a broad swath of lung-cancer patients. The approval came substantially earlier than expected, and before AstraZeneca PLC and Bristol-Myers Squibb have even released late-stage data for their own combination approach, which uses two different IO drugs at the same time.  Merck is presenting positive data for Keytruda in breast cancer at the annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology in Chicago on Monday, and has released promising data on a different lung-cancer combination that pairs Keytruda with Incyte Corp.'s epacadostat.   Changing of the Guard Successful trials have boosted expectations for Merck's cancer drug Keytruda and reduced them for its chief rival, Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo Source: Bloomberg We won't know exactly how AstraZeneca and Bristol's results stack up to Merck's until they're released later this year. But they face a high bar to success: Merck's combination appears to be as effective as the double-IO combo, with substantially fewer side effects. If Lilly's Alimta goes generic, then price becomes a factor in this race, too. Bristol-Myers's combination of two IO drugs, Opdivo and Yervoy, is already approved to treat melanoma at a cost of $256,000 per year. Merck's combination of Keytruda (about $155,000 per year) branded Alimta (about $100,000 a year) costs nearly the same. But Alimta going generic would make Merck's offering substantially cheaper. Safety and effectiveness will be the biggest factors in deciding which combo ultimately wins the race for prescriptions. But a big price difference could amplify Merck's advantage, or at least dull any edge the Astra-Bristol combo approach has in effectiveness. A cheaper price could make oncologists more likely to choose Merck's combo as a first treatment option, further expanding Keytruda's reach and hurting rivals' lung-cancer sales. And in a market this competitive, any advantage matters.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Max Nisen in New York at mnisen@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Mark Gongloff at mgongloff1@bloomberg.net New offer £2.2 billion Berendsen Battle Elis Goes Through the Wringer Deals Chris Hughes Fight The Power Fly Charts: Zuckerberg Protest Votes and Laggard Hedge Funds Max Nisen 24 Carat 24 Carat Chow Tai Fook's forward price-earnings ratio is finally back at parity with Tiffany & Co. Source: Bloomberg PRECIOUS LITTLE No Hidden Gems Here Consumer David Fickling Less Spicy Than Before Less Spicy Than Before Last year, the cost difference was in favor of tapping debt investors who wanted to bet on a stable rupee. No more. Dollar borrowings are slightly less expensive now Source: Bloomberg *INR swap onshore OIS three-months is the fixed equivalent cost of borrowing overnight rupee funds at floating rates. **Mumbai interbank forward rate three-months is the sum of USD Libor and annualized dollar-rupee forward premium. Poor Taste Masala Bonds Just Lost Their Spice Finance Andy Mukherjee Pound's level in January $1.20 Hung Parliament When No Election Result Is Better Than a Bad One Markets Lionel Laurent Worst-Case Scenario for a Company Controlled by Founders Viacom Powerless Majority Facebook Election Turns Into a Protest Tech Shira Ovide Greenlight Capital Return Year-to-Date -3.3% Slow Lane GM Crash Shows David Einhorn Isn't a Hot Rod Finance Stephen Gandel On the Recovery Path On the Recovery Path Bayer's stock, hit by the plan to buy Monsanto, has rallied in recent months Source: Bloomberg You Scratch My Back Bayer's New Best Friend Markets Chris Hughes Expected coupon 3.5% Long-dated bonds Italy: Unfashionably Late Media Marcus Ashworth Funds being raised €7 billion Popular Rescue Europe Gets a Bank Rescue Right, At Last Finance Lionel Laurent Off Trend Off Trend Arcadia's pension deficit more than doubled in 2016 Source: Company filings Inventory Check Topshop Needs Green's Cash Consumer Andrea Felsted Winning Converts Fly Charts: Loco for CoCos, Less So for Earnings Bulls Max Nisen Wild Ride Wild Ride The rise, and rise, and rise, and fall of Vocus's market capitalization Source: Bloomberg YOU'RE BREAKING UP KKR's Junkyard Sees Value in Vocus Deals David Fickling HNA's 4Q capital injection 49 billion yuan shine a light Don't Fly in the Dark, HNA Finance David Fickling WuXi Biologics IPO $510 million Underwhelming WuXi Won't Make Hong Kong IPOs Hot Deals Nisha Gopalan Waterfall Waterfall HD Supply tumbled roughly 20 percent, the largest one-day fall since its 2013 initial public offering, after delivering disappointing earnings and announcing the sale of its Waterworks arm Source: Bloomberg Carve-Out, Squared A Test Case for Industrial Breakups Industrials Brooke Sutherland Estimated Annual Revenue From App Store $9 billion Don't Yawn Apple Spruces Up the App Store Tech Shira Ovide Plunging Prices Plunging Prices Banco Popular's equity value has evaporated as its outlook deteriorates Source: Bloomberg CoCo Bluffs The Untested $181 Billion Bank Safety Net Markets Lisa Abramowicz On Sale On Sale Valeant has been attempting to sell assets to relieve its big debt load for more than a year, but has had limited success Not Different This Time Don't Buy Valeant's Latest Asset-Sale Hype Health Max Nisen Cheap or Not Cheap or Not The argument about the stock market's valuation is really an argument about earnings Source: Bloomberg Note: Forward P/E ratio is based on analysts' earnings estimate for 2018; normalized P/E ratio is based on 10-year trailing average earnings. Red Flag The Stumble of Bull Run Markets Nir Kaissar Follower, Not a Leader Follower, Not a Leader CNH Industrial shares have lagged behind larger machinery makers Source: Bloomberg Road Hazard Deere Puts a $15 Billion Rival in the Headlights Deals Brooke Sutherland Freshen Up Freshen Up Rocket's Hello Fresh is growing fast and unprofitable, just as U.S. rival Blue Apron Source: Company reports Delivery Hero Rocket Internet's Commander-in-Chef Tech Leila Abboud Disrupters Disrupted Revenge of the Retail Dinosaur Consumer Andrea Felsted Spit Take Fly Charts: Qatar's Cash Spigot Looks Less Reliable Max Nisen Shipping Out Shipping Out Asian countries are the dominant importers of Qatar's LNG Source: International Gas Union, Gadfly calculations Note: 2015 figures. Power Shift Saudi-Qatar's True Battleground Is Asia Commodities David Fickling
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A small drugmaker is taking an entirely new approach to getting its cancer drug approved Bill Berkrot, Reuters Jun. 5, 2017, 9:15 AM 1,787 facebook linkedin twitter email print A tray containing cancer cells sits on an optical microscope in the Nanomedicine Lab at UCL's School of Pharmacy in London.REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett (Reuters) - Three quarters of patients with a wide variety of advanced cancers responded to a Loxo Oncology therapy that targets a specific genetic defect, according to data from a small study presented on Saturday at the year's most important oncology meeting. The drug, larotrectinib, directly targets an acquired rather than inherited genetic defect called TRK fusions. In such patients, TRK genes abnormally attach to other genes, triggering accelerated cancer cell growth. If approved, the oral therapy would mark a major step toward treatment based on a patient's or the cancer's genetic traits rather than whether the disease originated in the lung, breast or elsewhere. "What we're seeing here is the original promise of precision medicine," said Dr. David Hyman, chief of early drug development at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York who led the study. Merck & Co's immunotherapy Keytruda last month became the first cancer drug to win U.S. approval based on specific genetic biomarkers regardless of the site of the original tumor. The Loxo-funded larotrectinib study followed 50 TRK fusion-positive patients with more than a dozen different types of advanced cancer, including lung, pancreatic, breast and colon. Seventy-six percent of patients experienced significant tumor shrinkage, including complete remission in 12 percent. "This is a real breakthrough," said Hyman, who presented the data at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting in Chicago. He said the response rate exceeded expectations. "These are people who had no hope by and large." Researchers have yet to determine other key benchmarks of performance, including median overall survival, progression-free survival or duration of response as most patients were still alive and responding after one year. Nearly all responders remained on the drug or received potentially curative surgery, with the longest ongoing response out to 25 months so far. Loxo expects to apply late this year or early next for U.S. approval. The Food and Drug Administration granted larotrectinib its breakthrough designation, given to medicines it deems potentially important advances in serious diseases. Up to 5,000 U.S. patients a year are diagnosed with the TRK defect, but Hyman said there could be more if testing becomes more common. Comprehensive genetic testing can detect TRK fusion and more specific tests are being developed. Pediatric patients in the trial had a type of cancer called infantile fibrosarcoma, a disease with a high rate of TRK fusion. In some cases it can be cured with amputations or other disfiguring surgeries. Researchers found that after treatment with larotrectinib, less radical limb-sparing surgery may be an option. They were particularly struck by the drug's lack of toxicity. No patients discontinued treatment due to side effects. "This is a safety profile that feels to me more like a drug for a chronic medical condition like high blood pressure than a cancer therapy," Hyman said.   Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. SEE ALSO: There's an 'explosion of innovation' in new cancer therapies — but it has one big drawback NOW WATCH: Animated map shows what the US would look like if all the Earth's ice melted Loading video... More: Reuters Loxo Oncology Cancer FDA ASCO facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A small drugmaker is taking an entirely new approach to getting its cancer drug approved A small drugmaker is taking an entirely new approach to getting its cancer drug approved (Reuters) - Three quarters of patients with a... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Kamada Announces Appointment of Michal Stein, M.D., as Vice President and Medical Director Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} June 05, 2017 7:00am   Comments Share: REHOVOT, Israel, June 05, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kamada Ltd. (NASDAQ:KMDA) (TASE:KMDA), a plasma-derived protein therapeutics company focused on orphan indications, announced today the appointment of Michal Stein, M.D., as Vice President and Medical Director for Immunology.  Dr. Stein will lead Kamada's medical affairs in all of the Company's Immunology and specific IgGs products and indications, such as Type-1 Diabetes, Graft vs. Host Disease (GvHD), transplantations and Anti-Rabies IgG, as well as potential new initiatives. Dr. Stein brings over 15 years of experience in the healthcare industry, including 12 years in increasingly senior positions at multi-national pharmaceutical companies in Israel.  Prior to joining Kamada, she served for four years as Medical Director at Sanofi.  In this position, Dr. Stein led the medical affairs and pharmacovigilance departments of the Israeli unit of the company, overseeing all aspects of product life-cycle management.  From 2009 through 2013, Dr. Stein held multiple positions of increasing responsibility at Merck Sharp & Dohme, including Pharmacovigilance Country Lead, Medical & Scientific Liaisons Team Leader and Medical Affairs Manager, with expertise in vaccines, women's health and HIV.  From 2005 through 2009, she served as Medical Affairs Manager, with expertise in oncology, at Roche Pharmaceuticals.  Prior to that, from 2001 through 2005, Dr. Stein was a practicing physician in Israel, first at Rabin Medical Center, Belinson Campus, and then at Schneider Children's Medical Center.  Dr. Stein holds an M.D. from the Tel-Aviv Sackler Faculty of Medicine. "We are pleased to welcome Dr. Stein to the Kamada executive team," said Amir London, Chief Executive Officer of Kamada.  "Dr. Stein has significant medical affairs and pharmaceutical operations expertise.  Her vast talents and industry experience will be of significant value to us as we continue to drive growth in our commercial product portfolio, and further develop our robust late-stage pipeline across multiple indications." About Kamada Kamada Ltd. is focused on plasma-derived protein therapeutics for orphan indications, and has a commercial product portfolio and a robust late-stage product pipeline. The Company uses its proprietary platform technology and know-how for the extraction and purification of proteins from human plasma to produce Alpha-1 Antitrypsin (AAT) in a highly-purified, liquid form, as well as other plasma-derived Immune globulins.  AAT is a protein derived from human plasma with known and newly-discovered therapeutic roles given its immunomodulatory, anti-inflammatory, tissue-protective and antimicrobial properties. The Company's flagship product is GLASSIA®, the first and only liquid, ready-to-use, intravenous plasma-derived AAT product approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Kamada markets GLASSIA® in the U.S. through a strategic partnership with Baxalta (now part of Shire plc) and in other counties through local distributors.  In addition to GLASSIA®, Kamada has a product line of seven other pharmaceutical products administered by injection or infusion, that are marketed through distributors in more than 15 countries, including Israel, Russia, Brazil, India and other countries in Latin America and Asia. Kamada has five late-stage plasma-derived protein products in development, including an inhaled formulation of AAT for the treatment of AAT deficiency for which a MAA was submitted to the EMA after completing a pivotal Phase 2/3 clinical trials in Europe.  Kamada has also completed its Phase 2 clinical trials in the U.S for the treatment of AAT deficiency with inhaled AAT. In addition, Kamada's intravenous AAT is in development for other indications such as Type-1 Diabetes, GvHD and prevention of lung transplant rejection. Kamada also leverages its expertise and presence in the plasma-derived protein therapeutics market by distributing more than 10 complementary products in Israel that are manufactured by third parties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts, such as statements regarding assumptions and results related to financial results forecast, commercial results, timing and results of clinical trials and EMA and U.S. FDA submissions and authorizations.  Forward-looking statements are based on Kamada's current knowledge and its present beliefs and expectations regarding possible future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions.  Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors including, but not limited to, unexpected results of clinical trials, delays or denial in the U.S. FDA or the EMA approval process, additional competition in the AATD market or further regulatory delays.  The forward-looking statements made herein speak only as of the date of this announcement and Kamada undertakes no obligation to update publicly such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except as otherwise required by law. CONTACTS:
Gil Efron
Chief Financial Officer
IR@kamada.com

Bob Yedid
LifeSci Advisors, LLC
646-597-6989
Bob@LifeSciAdvisors.com View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 AAPL, AMD: AMD's Ryzen Chips Facing Some Problems 2 GLYC, GLPG: 22 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 3 WINS: Wins Finance Up 100%: Is This A Normal Move? 4 AMBA, CTIC: 22 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market... 5 CONN, THO: 10 Stocks To Watch For June 6, 2017 6 CHK, VALE: Jim Cramer Gives His Opinion... 7 AAPL, AMD: Advanced Micro Devic... 1 NFLX, AMZN: Netflix Vs. Amazon Prime: The Battle For Apple TV Screen Time 2 EFA: Macro Risk Advisors' iShares MSCI EAFE Index Fund ETF Trade 3 NKE, UAA: The Comeback Story Of This Year's NBA Finals? Steph Cu... 4 COT, PEP: Analyst: Dr. Pepper And Cott Ready To Bubble Higher... 5 WMT, AMZN: Wayfair Falls As IKEA Announces E-Commerce... 6 SPY: 5 Big Takeaways From Comey's Prepa... 7 AMD, AAPL: AMD's Ryzen Chips Facing... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Former Vice President of Development Operations at XenoPort, Sami Karaborni, PhD, joins NDA Partners as Expert Consultant Dr. Sami Karaborni’s career in the pharmaceutical and chemical industries and expertise in product and process development of NCEs will greatly enhance the industry perspective we are able to provide our clients. ROCHELLE, VIRGINIA (PRWEB) June 05, 2017 NDA Partners Chairman Carl Peck, MD, announced today that Sami Karaborni, PhD, senior pharmaceutical executive and former Vice President of Development Operations and Executive Director of Preformulations and Formulation Development at XenoPort Inc., has joined the firm as an Expert Consultant. Dr. Karaborni is an expert in product and process development of new chemical entities (NCEs) and various dosage forms. Over his impressive 20-year career in the pharmaceutical and chemical industries, he served in several senior executive positions. At XenoPort, he led multiple groups active in the areas of chemical, analytical, bioanalytical, formulation development, supply chain and commercial manufacturing. He was formerly Director of Pre-clinical Development Technology, Director of Materials Characterization and Technology Assessment, and Director of Formulation Design and Characterization at Merck Research Labs. In his early career, Senior Research Engineer for the Royal Dutch Shell company in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. “Dr. Sami Karaborni’s career in the pharmaceutical and chemical industries and expertise in product and process development of new chemical entities will greatly enhance the industry perspective we are able to provide our clients in support of their CMC development programs,” said Dr. David Savello, Partner and Manager, Product Quality & CMC Practice. “We are very pleased to welcome him to NDA Partners.” Dr. Karaborni earned his PhD and MS in Chemical Engineering from the University of Florida and his BS in Chemical Engineering from Pennsylvania State University. He is a member of the advisory board of the Surfactant Science series and inventor of 19 US published patents and patent applications. He is the (co)author of more than 40 publications in international journals among which Science (Washington), Nature (London), La Recherche Scientifique (Paris) and Mundo Científico (Madrid) and has been a key speaker in several conferences among which, Gordon Conferences (USA), Royal Society of Chemistry (Great Britain) and Rencontres de Moriond (Switzerland). About NDA Partners NDA Partners is a strategy consulting firm specializing in expert product development and regulatory advice to the medical products industry and associated service industries such as law firms, investment funds and government research agencies. The highly experienced Principals and Premier Experts of NDA Partners include three former FDA Center Directors; the former Chairman of the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) in the UK; an international team of more than 100 former pharmaceutical industry and regulatory agency senior executives; and an extensive roster of highly proficient experts in specialized areas including nonclinical development, toxicology, pharmacokinetics, CMC, medical device design control and quality systems, clinical development, regulatory submissions, and development program management. Services include product development and regulatory strategy, expert consulting, high-impact project teams, and virtual product development teams. Contact Earle Martin, Chief Executive Officer Office: 540-738-2550 MartinEarle(at)ndapartners(dot)com Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Heated Wiper Fluid Market to Develop Rapidly by 2025 Next PostNext H1 2017 Kaposi Sarcoma Market Pipeline Review Industry Research Report Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 India Ceramic Sanitary Ware Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 10.3% in terms of value during 2016-2026 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Loratadine Market Report and Industry Outlook, 2017 – 2022 The Global Loratadine market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. This report studies Loratadine in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa, focuses on the top 5 Loratadine Players in each region, with sales, price, revenue and market share for top 5 manufacturer, covering Merck Bayer Group Perrigo Sun Pharma Apotex Pfizer Sandoz Mylan SL PHARM Cadila Pharmaceutical Avail 10% Discount on Single User License. Valid for the period from 15th May 2017 to 15th June 2017                                                                                                                                      Get a Free PDF Sample of Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/299295 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales, revenue, market share of top 5 players in these regions, from 2012 to 2017 (forecast), like North America (United States, Canada and Mexico) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Korea) Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy and Russia etc. South America (Brazil, Chile, Peru and Argentina) Middle East and Africa (Egypt, South Africa, Saudi Arabia) Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into Loratadine Tablet Loratadine capsules Loratadine syrup Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Loratadine in each application, can be divided into Adult Drug Pediatric Drug Avail 15% Discount on Corporate Users License Valid for the period from 15th May 2017 to 15th June 2017 Buy the Report@   http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/299295                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      About Us:                  Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us:       Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Crude Magnesite Market 2017- Grecian Magnesite, Houying Group, Kumas-Kuthaya Magnesite Works Corp Next PostNext Global Hydraulic Components Market – Wipro Enterprises, Bosch Rexroth, Weber-Hydraulik & Hydratech Industries Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 India Ceramic Sanitary Ware Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 10.3% in terms of value during 2016-2026 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Eisai to Present Results of Phase Ib/II Study of Anticancer Agent Lenvima (Lenvatinib) in Combination With Anti-PD-1 Antibody Pembrolizumab TOKYO, Jun, 05 2017 – (JCN Newswire) – Eisai Co., Ltd. announced the first results for metastatic endometrial carcinoma obtained from a Phase Ib/II study (Study 111) of its in-house developed multi-kinase inhibitor lenvatinib mesylate (product names: Lenvima/Kisplyx, „lenvatinib”) in combination with the MSD (known as Merck & Co., Inc.) anti-PD-1 antibody pembrolizumab (brand name: KEYTRUDA*), during a presentation at the 53rd Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO), taking place in Chicago, the United States. The two companies are collaborating to develop this combination therapy. Study 111 is being conducted to evaluate the activity of the lenvatinib/pembrolizumab combination in select solid tumors. The presentation covers an analysis of a combined total of 23 endometrial carcinoma patients over both the Phase Ib and Phase II parts of the study, who had previously undergone at least one chemotherapy regimen. After being treated with a combination of lenvatinib and pembrolizumab, the results of the analysis showed the primary endpoint of objective response rate was 52.2% (95% Confidence Interval (CI) = 30.6 – 73.2) based on an independent radiologic review (IRR) and 47.8% (95% CI: 26.8 – 69.4) by investigator review. The secondary endpoints of clinical benefit rate** were 65.2% (95% CI: 42.7 – 83.6) by IRR and 73.9% (95% CI: 51.6 – 89.8) by investigator review. Disease control rate*** were 91.3% (95% CI: 72.0 – 98.9) by IRR and 95.7% (95% CI: 78.1 – 99.9) by investigator review. Median progression-free survival was 9.7 months (95% CI: 4.2 – NE) based on investigator assessment and was not reached by IRR. Median duration of response was not reached at the time of analysis. Anti-PD-1 antibodies are generally more effective in patients with a high frequency of microsatellite instability (MSI), a biomarker that results in dysfunctional DNA mismatch repair, and less effective in other patients.(1) However, in this study, the combination therapy resulted in tumor response regardless of the state of their MSI. The most frequently observed adverse events for the combination regimen (Top 5) were hypertension, fatigue, arthralgia, diarrhea, and nausea. Endometrial cancer is the sixth most common cancer in women worldwide, with 320,000 new cases diagnosed in 2012.(2) In the United States, it is estimated that approximately 60,000 women will be newly diagnosed with endometrial cancer, and approximately 10,000 women will die from the disease in 2017.(3) Therefore, this remains a disease with significant unmet medical needs and necessitates the development of new treatments. Eisai positions oncology as a key therapeutic area and is aiming to discover revolutionary new medicines with the potential to cure cancer. Eisai remains committed to generating scientific evidence aimed at maximizing the value of lenvatinib as it seeks to contribute further to addressing the diverse needs of, and increasing the benefits provided to, patients with cancer, their families, and healthcare providers. About lenvatinib mesylate (generic name, „lenvatinib”, product name: Lenvima/ Kisplyx) Discovered and developed in-house, lenvatinib is an orally administered multiple receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor with a novel binding mode that selectively inhibits the kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors (VEGFR1, VEGFR2 and VEGFR3) and fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptors (FGFR1, FGFR2, FGFR3 and FGFR4) in addition to other proangiogenic and oncogenic pathway-related RTKs (including the platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) receptor PDGFRalpha; KIT; and RET) involved in tumor proliferation. Currently, Eisai has obtained approval for lenvatinib as a treatment for refractory thyroid cancer in 50 countries, including the United States, Japan, and in Europe. Additionally, Eisai has obtained approval for lenvatinib in combination with everolimus in the United States, Europe, and other countries, as a treatment for renal cell carcinoma (second-line). In Europe, lenvatinib was launched under the brand name Kisplyx for this indication. A Phase III study of lenvatinib in separate combinations with everolimus and pembrolizumab in renal cell carcinoma (first-line) was initiated and is underway. A Phase Ib/II study to investigate the agent in combination with pembrolizumab in select solid tumors (non-small cell lung cancer, renal cell carcinoma, endometrial cancer, urothelial cancer, head and neck cancer, and melanoma) is underway. Additionally, a Phase Ib study of the agent in hepatocellular carcinoma is also underway. About Study 111 Study 111 is a multicenter, open-label Phase Ib/II clinical study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of lenvatinib in combination with pembrolizumab. The primary endpoint of the Phase Ib part was to determine the maximum tolerated dose. Thirteen patients with unresectable solid tumors (non-small cell lung cancer, renal cell carcinoma, endometrial cancer, urothelial cancer, head and neck cancer, and melanoma) who had progressed after treatment with approved therapies or for which there are no standard effective therapies available were administered 24 mg (3 patients) or 20 mg (10 patients) of lenvatinib orally daily, as well as 200 mg of pembrolizumab intravenously every three weeks. The Phase II part was conducted on patients with select solid tumors who had previously undergone less than 2 chemotherapy regimens, with a recommended dosage of 20 mg of lenvatinib daily and 200 mg of pembrolizumab every three weeks as determined based on the results of the Phase Ib part. The primary endpoint of the Phase 2 part was objective response rate, with disease control rate, clinical benefit rate, progression-free survival, and duration of response measured as secondary endpoints. Currently, the Phase II part is ongoing in the United States. In addition, a Phase Ib clinical trial (Study 115) of lenvatinib in combination with pembrolizumab for the treatment of select solid tumors is ongoing in Japan. About research data on mechanisms of action in combination of lenvatinib and anti-PD-1 antibody (Presented at AACR 108th Annual Meeting)(4) In a non-clinical study where mouse models were inoculated with mouse liver cancer, melanoma or colon cancer cell lines and treated with a combination of lenvatinib with an anti-mouse PD-1 antibody, synergistic anti-tumor activity was demonstrated, based on an immunostimulatory response due to the reduction in tumor associated macrophages and the enhancement of the ratio of memory T cells by lenvatnib. About Microsatellite Instability When DNA replicates, there are often errors in the base sequence of DNA (mismatches). If there is a defect in the ability to repair these mismatches, the damaged DNA results in cells becoming cancerous. Microsatellites are short repeated sequences of DNA in which mismatches are very likely to occur, causing mistakes in the number of iterations. This inability to repair mismatches in the microsatellites is known as microsatellite instability. * KEYTRUD is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Kenilworth, NJ, USA. ** Clinical benefit rate: Percentage of patients who had complete response, partial response, or maintained disease stability for 23 weeks or longer. *** Disease control rate: Percentage of patients who had complete response, partial response, or maintained disease stability for 5 weeks or longer. (1) Dung T. Le. et al, PD-1 Blockade in Tumors with Mismatch-Repair Deficiency, The New England Journal of Medicine 72:2509-2520, 2015. (2) World Cancer Research Found International: http://www.wcrf.org/ (3) National Cancer Institute, Cancer Stat Facts: https://seer.cancer.gov/statfacts/html/corp.html (4) Kato Y, et al. Upregulation of memory T cell population and enhancement of Th1 response by lenvatinib potentiate anti-tumor activity of PD-1 signaling blockade: Lenvatineb and PD-1 mAb combination. AACR Meeting Abstract, 2017; #4614. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotech Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Superoxide Dismutase Industry 2017 Market Research Report Next PostNext Global Gears Market Growth Analysis and 2022 Forecast Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Natural Food Colours Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 5.4% during 2016–2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Cancer Immunotherapy Market – Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014-2022 According to a new report published by Allied Market Research, titled, Cancer Immunotherapy Market by Technology, Application, and End User: Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014-2022, the global cancer immunotherapy market was valued at $45,471 million in 2015, and is projected to reach $117,114 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 14.5% from 2016 to 2022. The monoclonal antibodies segment held two-third share of the total market in 2015. Access Full Summary at: www.alliedmarketresearch.com/cancer-immunotherapy-market Cancer immunotherapy, also known as biologic therapy, helps in cancer treatment by boosting the immunity of the body to fight against cancer. In this type of therapy antibodies and live viruses are introduced in the body that slows the growth of cancer cells. In addition, it also helps the immune system destroy the cancer cells. The major factors that drive the growth of this market include increase in incidence of cancers, growth in geriatric population, and rise in cancer R&D. However, shortage of skilled labor and lack of awareness about cancer immunotherapy is projected to restrain the market growth during the forecast period. The cancer immunotherapy market in this report is studied on the basis of technology, application, end-user, and region. Based on technology, the market is divided into monoclonal antibodies, cytokines & immunomodulators, and other technologies. Monoclonal antibodies held the largest share in 2015 owing to high usage of monoclonal antibodies for cancer immunotherapy as they exhibit different immunomodulatory properties and hence they can directly activate or inhibit the molecules of immune system. In addition, monoclonal antibodies also induce the antitumor immune response. By application, the cancer immunotherapy market is segmented as lung cancer, breast cancer, colorectal cancer, melanoma, prostate cancer, head & neck cancer, and other applications. The lung cancer market held the largest share in 2015 and is expected to lead the market during the analysis period owing to high incidence of lung cancer. Hospitals in end users held the largest market share of cancer immunotherapy market in 2015, and is projected to show the highest growth rate during the analysis period due to the extensive use of cancer immunotherapy in the hospitals. Geographically, the global cancer immunotherapy market is analyzed by four regions, namely, North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and LAMEA. North America was the highest revenue contributor in 2015. This is attributed to the ample amount of expenditure in healthcare, well-established healthcare system, and high incidence of cancer. However, Asia-Pacific region is projected to be grow with the highest CAGR during the analysis period, owing to rise in healthcare expenditure, increase in per capita income, and improvement in healthcare infrastructure. Key Findings of the Cancer Immunotherapy Market: • The monoclonal antibody accounted for the largest market share for technology segment in 2015 and is also estimated to grow at the highest CAGR of 15.0%. • By application, lung cancer held the highest market share and is anticipated to lead the market during the analysis period. • The U.S. was the major shareholder in the North American cancer immunotherapy market, accounting for six-seventh share in 2015. • China is expected to show the highest growth rate during the analysis period for the Asia-Pacific cancer immunotherapy market. The major players profiled in the global cancer immunotherapy market are Amgen Inc., Advaxis Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Pfizer Inc., Novartis AG, Bayer AG, Immunomedics Inc., and Astrazeneca plc. About Us Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of „Market Research Reports” and „Business Intelligence Solutions”. AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Contact Us Pankaj Kumar 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Direct: +1-503-894-6022 Toll Free: +1 (800) 792-5285 (U.S. & Canada) Fax: +1 (855) 550-5975 E-mail: sales@alliedmarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Lip Care Packaging Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Next PostNext Degermed Corn Flour Market Research Report 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Alibaba (BABA) pops on massive full-year revenue forecast >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Why Herbalife Ltd. (HLF), Snap Inc (SNAP) and Incyte Corporation (INCY) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks INCY, HLF and SNAP stock each got the new trading week started on the wrong foot By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Jun 5, 2017, 4:49 pm EDT     Popular Posts: 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock When This Happens Recent Posts: Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Isn’t an On-Demand Video Play, Yet, But Give it Time Why Snap Inc (SNAP), Duluth Holdings Inc (DLTH) and Cenovus Energy Inc (USA) (CVE) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks 5 Budgeting Tips That Will Help You Survive After Graduation View All Posts Traders didn’t start the new trading week quite in the same bullish mood they were in when they wrapped up last week’s trading. Although the market poked its head into positive territory a couple of times on Monday, by the time the closing bell rang, the S&P 500 was at 2,436.10, down 0.12%. That kind of setback would have been plenty palatable relative to the losses Herbalife Ltd. (NYSE:HLF), Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY) and Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP) dished out today, however. Here’s a look at what upended each name. Snap Inc (SNAP) Not that analyst doubts about the future of Snapchat parent Snap are anything new, but there is something about seeing them in print that can spook investors. JPMorgan did the deed today, lowering its price target on SNAP from $20 to $18, and simultaneously establishing a neutral rating on the stock. Analyst Doug Anmuth is concerned that the company could struggle to monetize its user base, and may not be able to turn any sort of a profit until 2020. Anmuth thinks the year-over-year comparisons for the upcoming quarterly report will roll in 20% weaker as the Olympics and a heated race for President kept users glued to the platform in mid-2016. Snap stock was only down 4.2% following the release of the pessimistic opinion. But, with today’s setback, SNAP shares are also down 30% from March’s post-IPO peak, and still fighting what appears to be a losing battle. Incyte Corporation (INCY) On the surface, the data Incyte presented this weekend at the annual ASCO conference is compelling. The combination of its enzyme inhibitor epacadostat and Keytruda, from Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), had an overall response rate of 35%. That’s statistically significant enough to get the Food and Drug Administration’s nod of approval. A closer look at the data, however, isn’t quite as encouraging to INCY shareholders. For whatever reasons, Incyte excluded the trial data for three patients in the study, and the study is already suspiciously small at only 43 patients. The information for those other three individuals existed. Incyte just chose not to incorporate it into its presentation. 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Go and Finally Join the Rally INCY shareholders understandably interpreted it as a red flag, sending the stock to a loss of 5.7% for Monday’s session. Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Finally, vitamin and supplement outfit Herbalife saw its stock dip 6.6% after the company culled its revenue outlook for the quarter currently underway. For its second fiscal quarter ending this month, Herbalife now expects to report growth of between only 2% and 6%. Though the company also upped its Q2 profit forecast from a range of 88 cents to $1.08 per share to a range of between 95 cents and $1.15 per share of HLF, activist investor and Herbalife bear Bill Ackman was quick to chime in, pointing out the fact that the lowered guidance comes after raised guidance from May 4, and after a handful of insiders sold their sizable stakes. He’s not making an accusation, but it certainly doesn’t look good. As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make The Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/why-herbalife-ltd-hlf-snap-inc-snap-and-incyte-corporation-incy-are-3-of-todays-worst-stocks/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Cheap Stocks to Buy Now 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage Should You Buy Tesla Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold 10 Companies in Amazon’s Crosshairs A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage 10 Companies That Are in Amazon’s Crosshairs The 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold Sell Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Before Everyone Else Does Most Popular 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Finally Join the Rally 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits Why Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Heading to $15 Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Cisco Systems, United Technologies Weigh on DJIA Monday By Paul Ausick June 5, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet June 5, 2017: Markets opened lower Monday following a report that several Middle East oil producing nations have cut ties with Qatar due to that country’s support for terrorism. The energy sector ended up being the best performer for the day, but that was not enough to offset poor performers like the utilities and materials sectors. WTI crude oil for July delivery settled at $47.40 a barrel, down 0.6% for the day. August gold added 0.2% for the day to settle at $1,282.70. Equities were headed for a narrowly lower close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.07% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.09%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded down 0.14%. Stocks traded very near the break-even line just minutes before the closing bell. The closing tally could finish with either a small gain or a small loss for any or all of the indexes. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Monday was Cisco Systems Inc. (NASDAQ: CSCO) which traded down 0.94% at $31.68. The stock’s 52-week range is $27.13 to $34.60. Volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 20 million shares. The company had no specific news. United Technologies Corp. (NYSE: UTX) traded down 0.78% at $121.17. The stock’s 52-week range is $96.89 to $122.85. Volume was about 15% below the daily average of around 2.9 million shares. The company had no specific news Monday. Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) traded down 0.71% at $32.31. The stock’s 52-week range is $29.83 to $37.39. Volume was about half the daily average of around 22 million shares. The company had no specific news. Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) traded down 0.68% at $65.03. The stock’s 52-week range is $55.10 to $66.80. Volume was about half the daily average of around 8.8 million. The company reported this morning that its phase 3 trial of cancer treatment Keytruda continues to show improved results. Of the Dow stocks, 17 are on track to close higher Monday and 13 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Was the Pacific Crest Downgrade of Apple Timed Properly? Tegna, Cenovus Energy Dip into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), United Technologies Corp (NYSE:UTX) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In Powerball Lottery Jackpot Hits $375 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win The Most Dangerous Cars in America States Most Dependent on Trade With Canada The Worst Counties to Live In Recent NewLink Genetics Sinks After Regaining Licensing Rights for Its Cancer Treatment Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: BHP Billiton, Carlyle, Freeport-McMoRan, Juno, Kite, Sempra Energy, Six Flags and More Is SciClone Pharma Getting Enough in the Buyout? 9 Companies That Destroyed Shareholders This Earnings Season Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Wal-Mart's Sam's Club Reinvents Its Private Brand These 2 Hated Dividend Stocks Are Buys How Nike Inc. Makes Most of Its Money NewLink Genetics' stock plunges 29% premarket after Genentech plans to return rights to cancer treatment Juno Therapeutics stock drops 5% after BTIG downgrades to sell August gold down $7.70, or 0.6%, at $1,285.60/oz. Not Too Worried to Rise Do Options Traders Know Something About Emerge Energy (EMES) Stock We Don't? Why Aqua Metals (AQMS) Could Be Positioned for a Slump Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised The Latest: ECB president says risks to economy diminished In Beijing, Perry promotes US-China clean energy cooperation Boeing Is Working On Self-Flying Plane Technology, And Our Hands Are Already Sweaty Interior Secretary Takes Aim At Obama-Era Sage Grouse Protections Trump's Proposed Cuts To Foreign Food Aid Are Proving Unpopular Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pertussis Vaccine Market Research, Key Players, Growth Opportunities, Outlook and Forecasts Report by 2016-2024 The Pertussis Vaccine Market report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. Geographically, the pertussis vaccine market is classified into North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America dominates the pertussis vaccine market due to growth in number of geriatric population and increase in pertussis death rate in the U.S, which drive the pertussis vaccine market. The North America market is followed by the Europe and Asia Pacific markets. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a higher rate due to rapid population growth, increase in adoption for vaccination, and growth in prevalence of infectious disease. These factors are expected to fuel the pertussis vaccine market.In the Asia Pacific region, Thailand accounts for 99% in pertussis vaccine coverage, followed by Japan and China with 98% and 97%, respectively. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Pertussis Vaccine Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Pertussis vaccine is used for whooping cough. This vaccine is available only in combination with other vaccines. Pertussis vaccination is recommended for all children, babies, teens, and pregnant women. Diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis (DTaP) vaccines are given to children younger than seven years old, while tetanus, diphtheria, and pertussis (Tdap) vaccines are given to older children and adults. Factors such as high birth rate, increase in number of geriatric population, government initiatives, growth in adoption of pertussis vaccination, and government insurance and reimbursement scenario are projected to drive the pertussis vaccine market globally. According to WHO in 2015, 126 countries had reached at least 90% coverage of diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis vaccine. Major players operating in this market include Sanofi Pasteur, GlaxoSmithKline, Protein Sciences Corporation, Novartis AG, Seqirus, Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., and Astellas Pharma US, Inc. Browse more detail information about pertussis vaccine market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pertussis-vaccine-mark… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious X-Ray Detectors Market 2017 – Canon, Inc., Perkinelmer, Inc., Thales Group, Agfa-Gevaert Group, Analogic Corporation Next PostNext Biological Product Manufacturing Market Research Report: Latest Review, Current Trends and Forecast 2024 Search Recent Posts Butter and Margarine Market Strategies and Forecasts, 2015 to 2025 Butter and Margarine Market Strategies and Forecasts, 2015 to 2025 Butter and Margarine Market Strategies and Forecasts, 2015 to 2025 Butter and Margarine Market Strategies and Forecasts, 2015 to 2025 Butter and Margarine Market Strategies and Forecasts, 2015 to 2025 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Animal Antibacterial Peptide Market Research Report 2016: Industry Outlook, Growth, Trends and Forecast The Animal Antibacterial Peptide Market report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The animal antibacterial peptide market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America and Europe are expected to dominate the market. The rise in research is the key driving factor of the animal antibacterial peptide market in North America. Asia pacific is the most progressive region for the animal antibacterial peptide market. The rise in expenditure on animal health care is a key factor responsible for growth of the market. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Animal Antibacterial Peptide Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The increasing resistance to conventional antibiotics is likely to be the key driver of the animal antibacterial peptide market during the forecast period. Furthermore, the rise in use of antibiotics to treat various infections and disease in animal feed is projected to fuel the growth of the animal antibacterial peptide market during the forecast period. Major players operating in the animal antibacterial peptide market include Zoetis, Merck Animal Health, Merial, Elanco (Eli Lilly and Company), Bayer HealthCare, Animal Medics, Biogenesis Bago, and Boehringer Ingelheim Vetmedica. The rising demand for alternatives for conventional antibiotics is estimated to increase the competition between market players of animal antibacterial peptide. Peptides are derived from animal source and possess antibacterial activity that comes under animal antibacterial peptides. They contain residue of amino acids generally about 15 to 45. Antibacterial peptides are the effector molecules of innate immunity. Majority of the antibacterial peptides are cationic in nature. In insects, the cecropin type of linear peptide without cysteine are found. Browse more detail information about animal antibacterial peptide market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/animal-antibacterial-p… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CareStaf of Dallas Announces its Recent Accreditation by the BBB of North Central Texas Next PostNext CVT Responds with Alarm at Reports of the Trump Administration Returning the CIA Torture Report Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Natural Food Colours Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 5.4% during 2016–2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pertussis Vaccine Market Research, Key Players, Growth Opportunities, Outlook and Forecasts Report by 2016-2024 The Pertussis Vaccine Market report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. Geographically, the pertussis vaccine market is classified into North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America dominates the pertussis vaccine market due to growth in number of geriatric population and increase in pertussis death rate in the U.S, which drive the pertussis vaccine market. The North America market is followed by the Europe and Asia Pacific markets. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a higher rate due to rapid population growth, increase in adoption for vaccination, and growth in prevalence of infectious disease. These factors are expected to fuel the pertussis vaccine market.In the Asia Pacific region, Thailand accounts for 99% in pertussis vaccine coverage, followed by Japan and China with 98% and 97%, respectively. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Pertussis Vaccine Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Pertussis vaccine is used for whooping cough. This vaccine is available only in combination with other vaccines. Pertussis vaccination is recommended for all children, babies, teens, and pregnant women. Diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis (DTaP) vaccines are given to children younger than seven years old, while tetanus, diphtheria, and pertussis (Tdap) vaccines are given to older children and adults. Factors such as high birth rate, increase in number of geriatric population, government initiatives, growth in adoption of pertussis vaccination, and government insurance and reimbursement scenario are projected to drive the pertussis vaccine market globally. According to WHO in 2015, 126 countries had reached at least 90% coverage of diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis vaccine. Major players operating in this market include Sanofi Pasteur, GlaxoSmithKline, Protein Sciences Corporation, Novartis AG, Seqirus, Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., and Astellas Pharma US, Inc. Browse more detail information about pertussis vaccine market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pertussis-vaccine-mark… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Antidepressants Market Research Report Forecast 2016-2024 Next PostNext Phatra Enhances Multi-Asset Capability with Charles River Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Natural Food Colours Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 5.4% during 2016–2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market Research Report: Analysis & Trends 2025 Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market Skin is the largest organ of the body, and the first point of contact for microbes and toxins, any functional issue with it makes the person pay high prices for it. It contains a rich habitat of microbes which results in various dysfunctions, and this is the point where dermatology steps in. The importance of skin has increased in the recent years. High range of population is willing to treat various dermatological diseases due to awareness. Expansion of the number of indications treated by topical drugs is likely to drive the growth of the dermatology drugs market. Historically acne and rosacea have been the primary indications treated, however ongoing research and development efforts focused on new signs such as hair growth, discoloration, and onychomycosis promise to increase the range of uses for prescription dermatology therapeutics and as a result, expand the addressable market of the prescription dermatology therapeutics. Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market: Drivers and Restraints An increase in pollution, stress, and lack of nutrition, skin disorders are growing at a rapid pace. People are obsessed with their aesthetic appearance due to an overbearing influence of celebrity culture and rising expenditure on personal care is driving demand for aesthetic procedures and therapies. The urban people are getting more exposed towards dermatologists and have their treatments done with them to assure safety and efficacy and get their desired results. A long-term impact in the field of research and development is making newer innovations in the field to dermatology. This, in turn, is leading the companies to shift their focus more on the dermatological segment which leads them towards good business opportunities in prescription dermatology therapeutics market. However stringent regulations for approval of dermatology drugs is restraining the growth of this market. Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market: Segmentation By product type, the prescription dermatology therapeutics market can be segmented into, Prescription Acne and Rosacea Drugs Prescription Fungal Infection Drugs Prescription Psoriasis Drugs Prescription Hyperpigmentation/ Melisma Drugs Prescription Skin Cancer Drugs Prescription Hair Loss and Hair Removal Drugs Prescription Antiaging and Photo Damage Drugs Prescription Dermatitis and Seborrhea Drugs Other Prescription Skin Disorder Drugs By distribution channel, the prescription dermatology therapeutics market can be segmented into, Hospital Pharmacy Retail Pharmacy Mail Order Pharmacy High frequency of skin disorders and skin cancers across the globe is expected to increase the number of patients who will require diagnosis and treatment for several skin conditions, in turn, boosting the demand for prescription dermatology therapeutics market. View Report- www.transparencymarketresearch.com/prescription-dermatolo… Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market: Overview Growing awareness about skin quality, coupled with the rising spending power of people worldwide, are some of the factors driving demand in the global prescription dermatology therapeutics market. Also, aggressive marketing strategies from existing players along with massive investment in research and development to create new drugs have led to significant increase in sales of prescription dermatology therapeutic drugs. Besides, the omnipresent polluted environment, busy lifestyle, global warming are affecting the quality of skin, has also been bolstering swift uptake of therapies that help to protect the skin and thwart damages. Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market: Region-wise Outlook Regionally, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. North America and Europe dominate the global prescription dermatology therapeutics market with maximum share. However, Asia-Pacific region will gain market share due to robust demand from developing countries with fast-growing economies such as China, Japan, and India. The increasing awareness about organic products and the rising fortunes of the middle-class populace has facilitated a massive upsurge in the prescription dermatology therapeutics in this region. Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market: Key Players Some of the major market players of prescription dermatology therapeutics market include Allergan Inc., Bayer AG, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Genentech, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Merck & Company, Inc., Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, Pfizer, Inc., SkinMedica, Stiefel Laboratories, Inc. and Valeant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. The study is a source of reliable data on: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive landscape Technological breakthroughs Value chain and stakeholder analysis The regional analysis covers: North America (U.S. and Canada) Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others) Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, and Luxembourg) Eastern Europe (Poland and Russia) Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia, and New Zealand) Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, and North Africa) Request a brochure of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market during 2017- 2025 www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Viable Tumor Samples Market Research Report: Market Trends and Key Developments Next PostNext Hemodialysis Catheters Market Research Report: Analysis & Trends 2025 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Natural Food Colours Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 5.4% during 2016–2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Hospital-acquired Pneumonia (HAP) Drugs Market 2017-2021 News provided by Reportlinker 05 Jun, 2017, 14:48 ET Share this article NEW YORK, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- About Hospital Acquired Pneumonia (HAP) Drugs HAP is a type of pneumonia that is caused after 48 hours of hospitalization. HAP is one of the major challenges faced by the public healthcare system today. The disease is the second most common type of hospital-acquired infections. Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of lungs and mainly affects the microscopic air sacs called alveoli. This is primarily caused by infection by bacteria or viruses and sometimes with other microorganisms. It can be mainly distinguished on how the infection was acquired. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04921224/Global-Hospital-acquired-Pneumonia-HAP-Drugs-Market.html Technavio's analysts forecast the global hospital acquired pneumonia drugs market to grow at a CAGR of 2.22% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global hospital acquired pneumonia drugs market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA Technavio's report, Global Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • GlaxoSmithKline • Merck • Novartis • Pfizer Other prominent vendors • Arsanis • AstraZeneca • Combioxin • Mylan • Shinogi • Sun Pharmaceutical Industries • Teva Pharmaceutical • The Medicines Company • Theravance Biopharma Market driver • Unmet demand due to lack of available treatment for MDR microorganisms • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • Growing cases of MDR microorganisms • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Combination therapy for the treatment of HAP • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04921224/Global-Hospital-acquired-Pneumonia-HAP-Drugs-Market.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-hospital-acquired-pneumonia-hap-drugs-market-2017-2021-300468814.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com 05 Jun, 2017, 14:50 ET Preview: Global Three-Wheel Passenger Carrier Market 2017-2021 05 Jun, 2017, 14:46 ET Preview: Global Concrete Pump Market 2017-2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 07 Jun, 2017, 10:38 ET ICT Enterprise Spend in Retail, South Africa, Forecast to 2019 07 Jun, 2017, 10:38 ET Trends in Logistics Technology Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Hospital-acquired Pneumonia (HAP) Drugs Market 2017-2021 News provided by Reportlinker 05 Jun, 2017, 14:48 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Asthma And COPD Market Is Expected To Reach US$ 56.5 Bn By 2025 – Credence Research Credenceresearch.com include new market research report “Global Asthma And COPD Market Is Expected To Reach US$ 56.5 Bn By 2025 – Credence Research” to its huge collection of research reports. According to the latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Asthma and COPD Market – Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis, 2017 – 2025,” the global asthma and COPD market was valued at US$ 39,021.2 Mn in 2016, and is expected to reach US$ 56,507.7 Mn by 2025, expanding at a CAGR of 4.2% from 2017 to 2025. Browse the full report Asthma and COPD Market – Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2017 – 2025 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/asthma-and-copd-drugs-market Market Insights Globally, asthma and COPD is one the leading chronic respiratory diseases, with high prevalence and increasing health care and economic burden. Thus, disease represent a lucrative market for pharmaceutical companies. COPD is rated to be the fourth most common cause of mortality, and expected to reach third position by 2030, in case the risk such as smoking, pollution is not addressed. Gradually over the period of time the treatment of asthma and COPD shows improvement, with novel drugs and treatment strategies, along with usage of non-pharmacologic treatment. It has being observed there is being surge in prevalence of asthma and COPD in developed and developing countries. In developed countries, there is being rise in prevalence of asthma due to lifestyle changes in terms of food habit, low level of exercise, etc., while in developing countries the prevalence is due to pollution and smoking. Browse Full Report With TOC @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/asthma-and-copd-drugs-market The global asthma and COPD market is segmented by drug type into anti-inflammatory drugs, bronchodilator monotherapy and combination drugs. Anti-inflammatory drugs includes corticosteroids, anti-leukotrienes and monoclonal antibodies. Bronchodilator monotherapy includes short-acting beta2-agonist (SABAs) and long-acting beta2-agonist (LABAs) and anticholinergic drugs. Amongst all, combination therapy of long-acting beta2 agonist (LABA)/ inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) dominates the market. The combination therapy that include Symbicort (AstraZeneca), Advair (GlaxoSmithKline) is most preferred treatment against asthma/ COPD, due to better efficacy and less side effects. As of the current market scenario, North America together dominate the global asthma and COPD market followed by the European market. Rising prevalence of asthma and COPD due to pollution, change in lifestyle, entry of generics and novel therapies in the market. Asia Pacific is anticipated to be the fastest growing market for the forecast period. Emerging economies such India, China due to industrialization, demographic changes, urbanization there is been rise in pollution thus increase in prevalence of asthma and COPD population. Market Competition Assessment: Key players in the global asthma and COPD market are Novartis AG, Merck & Co, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Boehringer Ingelheim Gmbh, Nycomed, Abbott Laboratories, AstraZeneca, Roche Holding AG, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Vectura Group, Pfizer Inc. and others. Key Market Movements: – There is a rise in the prevalence of asthma and COPD in both developed and developing countries. In developed countries, the rise in prevalence is mainly due to lifestyle change such as smoking, while in developing countries rise is observed due to presence of most polluted cities in the world and inclusion of smoking in lifestyle – Introduction of novel technology, strong pipeline, and personalization of medicine is also expected to drive the growth of market. – With economic development in emerging economies, healthcare awareness, and high disposable income are some of the factors driving the developing countries Related Reports: Cardiac Diagnostic Device Market Anti-Hypertensive Drugs Market About Credence Research: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Blog URL – http://www.mobilecomputingtoday.co.uk/5562/asthma-copd-market-expected-reach-56-5-2025-credence-research/ Media Contact Company Name: Credence Research Contact Person: Chris Smith, Global Sales Manager Email: sales@credenceresearch.com Phone: +1-800-361-8290 Address:105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US City: SAN JOSE State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/asthma-and-copd-drugs-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Marketing & Sales, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Better Business Bureau Recognizes U.S.E.C. LLC, d/b/a US Energy Consultants as the Winner of Distinction Award Next PostNext A1 Houston Home Inspectors Guarantees Proper Appraisal And Analysis Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Asthma And COPD Market Is Expected To Reach US$ 56.5 Bn By 2025 – Credence Research Credenceresearch.com include new market research report “Global Asthma And COPD Market Is Expected To Reach US$ 56.5 Bn By 2025 – Credence Research” to its huge collection of research reports. According to the latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Asthma and COPD Market – Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis, 2017 – 2025,” the global asthma and COPD market was valued at US$ 39,021.2 Mn in 2016, and is expected to reach US$ 56,507.7 Mn by 2025, expanding at a CAGR of 4.2% from 2017 to 2025. Browse the full report Asthma and COPD Market – Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2017 – 2025 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/asthma-and-copd-drugs-market Market Insights Globally, asthma and COPD is one the leading chronic respiratory diseases, with high prevalence and increasing health care and economic burden. Thus, disease represent a lucrative market for pharmaceutical companies. COPD is rated to be the fourth most common cause of mortality, and expected to reach third position by 2030, in case the risk such as smoking, pollution is not addressed. Gradually over the period of time the treatment of asthma and COPD shows improvement, with novel drugs and treatment strategies, along with usage of non-pharmacologic treatment. It has being observed there is being surge in prevalence of asthma and COPD in developed and developing countries. In developed countries, there is being rise in prevalence of asthma due to lifestyle changes in terms of food habit, low level of exercise, etc., while in developing countries the prevalence is due to pollution and smoking. Browse Full Report With TOC @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/asthma-and-copd-drugs-market The global asthma and COPD market is segmented by drug type into anti-inflammatory drugs, bronchodilator monotherapy and combination drugs. Anti-inflammatory drugs includes corticosteroids, anti-leukotrienes and monoclonal antibodies. Bronchodilator monotherapy includes short-acting beta2-agonist (SABAs) and long-acting beta2-agonist (LABAs) and anticholinergic drugs. Amongst all, combination therapy of long-acting beta2 agonist (LABA)/ inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) dominates the market. The combination therapy that include Symbicort (AstraZeneca), Advair (GlaxoSmithKline) is most preferred treatment against asthma/ COPD, due to better efficacy and less side effects. As of the current market scenario, North America together dominate the global asthma and COPD market followed by the European market. Rising prevalence of asthma and COPD due to pollution, change in lifestyle, entry of generics and novel therapies in the market. Asia Pacific is anticipated to be the fastest growing market for the forecast period. Emerging economies such India, China due to industrialization, demographic changes, urbanization there is been rise in pollution thus increase in prevalence of asthma and COPD population. Market Competition Assessment: Key players in the global asthma and COPD market are Novartis AG, Merck & Co, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Boehringer Ingelheim Gmbh, Nycomed, Abbott Laboratories, AstraZeneca, Roche Holding AG, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Vectura Group, Pfizer Inc. and others. Key Market Movements: – There is a rise in the prevalence of asthma and COPD in both developed and developing countries. In developed countries, the rise in prevalence is mainly due to lifestyle change such as smoking, while in developing countries rise is observed due to presence of most polluted cities in the world and inclusion of smoking in lifestyle – Introduction of novel technology, strong pipeline, and personalization of medicine is also expected to drive the growth of market. – With economic development in emerging economies, healthcare awareness, and high disposable income are some of the factors driving the developing countries Related Reports: Cardiac Diagnostic Device Market Anti-Hypertensive Drugs Market About Credence Research: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Blog URL – http://www.mobilecomputingtoday.co.uk/5562/asthma-copd-market-expected-reach-56-5-2025-credence-research/ Media Contact Company Name: Credence Research Contact Person: Chris Smith, Global Sales Manager Email: sales@credenceresearch.com Phone: +1-800-361-8290 Address:105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US City: SAN JOSE State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/asthma-and-copd-drugs-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Marketing & Sales, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Better Business Bureau Recognizes U.S.E.C. LLC, d/b/a US Energy Consultants as the Winner of Distinction Award Next PostNext A1 Houston Home Inspectors Guarantees Proper Appraisal And Analysis Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Natural Food Colours Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 5.4% during 2016–2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Alopecia (Hair Loss)Treatment Market is Expecting Worldwide Growth by 2016 – 2022 : Persistence Market Research Alopecia is a term used to describe excessive hair damage under certain medical conditions or dietary issues. Sedentary lifestyle, and unhealthy diets is leading to loss of hair among masses. Furthermore, ageing and hormonal imbalance, increasing chronic disease like arthritis, cancer, hypertension, depression also leads to hair loss especially among middle aged population. According to American Hair Loss Association, androgenetic alopecia accounts for over 95% of hair loss in men. Over 800 thousand patients are seeking some kind of treatment for hair loss worldwide. For the treatment of alopecia, U.S. FDA proved two drugs – Minoxidil, to treat hypertension and finasteride (Propecia) to treat benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH). American Hair Loss Association recommends the use of minoxidil in patients who have not responded to finasteride treatment. Prevalence rate of alopecia is high among working age population. Treatment seeking rate for alopecial is more prevalent in developed regions as compared to that in developing regions, however, over the past few years, demand for alopecia treatment has increased dramatically in developing regions such as China and India owing to increase in healthcare expenditure and improved healthcare infrastructure facilities. In China, 6 percent females and 21 percent of males suffer from hormone driven hair loss. Changing lifestyle along with increase in stress level among working class population is expected to boost the demand for treatment of hair loss globally. Furthermore, rise in geriatrics population along with high demand for surgical hair transplant is expected to drive the alopecia treatment market. Increasing consumer disposable incomes and health awareness, emphasis to look good, and technological advancement in hair treatment medical devices are some other key drivers for this market. Since accessibility for scalp treatment is easily accessible and available, the demand for alopecia treatment has increased. Though the market is expected to witness healthy growth during the forecast period, high cost of the medications and possible side effects/allergic reactions are acting as key barrier for alopecia market. The alopecia treatment market has grown substantially at a healthy CAGR due to changing lifestyle and greater emphasis on outward appearance to look good. With rapid technological advancement and innovation, alopecia treatment market is expected to grow globally. North America is the largest market for alopecia treatment while Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market during the forecast period. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/9677 The alopecia treatment market is expected to register a significant CAGR during the forecast period. Depending on geographic regions, alopecia treatment is segmented into seven key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America, followed by Europe, is expected to dominate the alopecia treatment market throughout the forecast period. Asia Pacific excluding Japan is poised to witness fastest growth owing to outburst of middle aged population in the region. Also, the region is witnessing healthy growth in terms of GDP, which in turn is expected to propel growth at healthy digits. Middle East & Africa and Latin America are expected to sluggish growth during the forecast period. Request to View Tables of Content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/9677 Some of the key market players for alopecia treatment market are Cipla, Viviscal, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., Regaine, Merck & Co., Inc, Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd, Phyto – Alès Groupe, Kirkland Signature, Vitabiotics, Nanogen, Alpecin – Dr. Kurt Wolff GmbH & Co. KG, Rogaine – Johnson and Johnson. To Know About Latest Report Click Here: www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/alopeci… About Us  Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a U.S.-based full-service market intelligence firm specializing in syndicated research, custom research, and consulting services. PMR boasts market research expertise across the Healthcare, Chemicals and Materials, Technology and Media, Energy and Mining, Food and Beverages, Semiconductor and Electronics, Consumer Goods, and Shipping and Transportation industries. The company draws from its multi-disciplinary capabilities and high-pedigree team of analysts to share data that precisely corresponds to clients’ business needs.  PMR stands committed to bringing more accuracy and speed to clients’ business decisions. From ready-to-purchase market research reports to customized research solutions, PMR’s engagement models are highly flexible without compromising on its deep-seated research values. Contact Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com media@persistencemarketresearch.com Web:www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SmartMark CEO, Juliet Shavit, Talks the Business of Innovation at TIA Connectivity Jam 2017 Next PostNext Wine Coolers Global Market Key Players – Eurocave , Vinotemp , Perlick , LG , Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Natural Food Colours Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 5.4% during 2016–2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aging Population Offers Tremendous Scope for Europe Neurological Disorder Drugs Market Growth Europe Neurological Disorders Drugs Market: Snapshot Neurological drugs are developed to treat neurological disorders such as epilepsy, Parkinson’s disease, Alzheimer’s disease, multiple sclerosis, schizophrenia, traumatic brain injury, spinal cord injury, cerebrovascular diseases, and others. The growing prevalence of these disorders across the European region is anticipated to drive the demand for neurological disorder drugs market in the coming few years. The research report projects that intensifying concerns about living an adjusted life have prompted several patients to seek help. According to the study, the Europe neurological disorder drugs market was valued is expected to reach a valuation of US$32.0 bn by the end of 2024 as compared to US$18.3 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the overall market is expected to surge at a CAGR of CAGR of 6.4%. This 224 page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Europe Neurological Disorder Drugs Market. Browse through 4 data tables and 78 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/europe-neurological-di… Increasing Research and Development Fuels Market Growth The Europe neurological disorders drugs market will be fueled by the growing initiatives taken by governments of several countries to educate the masses and to develop new drugs. For instance, European Parkinson’s Disease Association in Europe is offering affordable medications to patients, campaigning to raise awareness, and supporting research and development activities to drive the overall neurological disorder drugs market. The market has also seen a steady emergence of several research and development programs that are focused toward developing effective drugs that come at affordable prices. The collective rise in the spending of countries on developing neurological disorder drugs is expected to improve the market’s revenue in the coming few years. On the basis of various disorders, the market caters to disorders such as epilepsy, Parkinson’s disease, Alzheimer’s disease, multiple sclerosis, cerebrovascular disease and others. Out of all of these segments, the cerebrovascular disease held the dominant share in terms of revenue in 2015. The World Health Organization (WHO) states that the cerebrovascular diseases, which can manifest as a stroke, migraine and headache is the common cause of worry for several patients. About 80% of the patients suffering from cerebrovascular diseases across EU% show these symptoms. Thus, this segment is expected to exhibit a robust growth rate in the coming few years. Germany Stands out as Highest Consumer of Neurological Disorder Drugs in Europe In terms of geography, the Europe neurological disorder drugs market is segmented into Germany, France, Italy, Spain, U.K., Russia, Netherlands, Switzerland, Poland, and Rest of Europe. The research report states that Germany held a significant share in the market in 2015, closely followed by France. The regions will dominate over the forecast period due to the rising prevalence of neurological disorders and improving the awareness about the diseases due to support groups and government initiatives. Furthermore, the rising pool of geriatrics in Germany will also boost the uptake of neurological disorders drugs in the coming few years. Presently, Germany, the U.K., France, Switzerland, Italy, and Spain are the leading countries in Europe in the neurological disorder drugs market. The study indicates that Switzerland will offer several growth opportunities to the overall market as awareness about these life-altering diseases grows. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Europe Neurological Disorder Drugs Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The leading players operating in the Europe neurological disorders market are Merck & Co., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bayer AG, Astra Zeneca, F-Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Novartis AG, and GlaxoSmithKline plc. Among these, Merck & Co., GlaxoSmithKline plc and Novartis AG. The research report states that the market is consolidated due to the presence of several small players in who hold significant share in the market. Most of these companies are focusing on improving their pipelines and expanding their geographical outreach to retain their dominance. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Worldwide Top 500 IVD Market Companies Market 2017 Analysis by Key Players, Industry Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Sales Forecast and Supply Demand to 2021 Next PostNext Premier Health, Anthem Sign Value-Based Care Agreement Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Natural Food Colours Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 5.4% during 2016–2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aging Population Offers Tremendous Scope for Europe Neurological Disorder Drugs Market Growth Europe Neurological Disorders Drugs Market: Snapshot Neurological drugs are developed to treat neurological disorders such as epilepsy, Parkinson’s disease, Alzheimer’s disease, multiple sclerosis, schizophrenia, traumatic brain injury, spinal cord injury, cerebrovascular diseases, and others. The growing prevalence of these disorders across the European region is anticipated to drive the demand for neurological disorder drugs market in the coming few years. The research report projects that intensifying concerns about living an adjusted life have prompted several patients to seek help. According to the study, the Europe neurological disorder drugs market was valued is expected to reach a valuation of US$32.0 bn by the end of 2024 as compared to US$18.3 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the overall market is expected to surge at a CAGR of CAGR of 6.4%. This 224 page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Europe Neurological Disorder Drugs Market. Browse through 4 data tables and 78 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/europe-neurological-di… Increasing Research and Development Fuels Market Growth The Europe neurological disorders drugs market will be fueled by the growing initiatives taken by governments of several countries to educate the masses and to develop new drugs. For instance, European Parkinson’s Disease Association in Europe is offering affordable medications to patients, campaigning to raise awareness, and supporting research and development activities to drive the overall neurological disorder drugs market. The market has also seen a steady emergence of several research and development programs that are focused toward developing effective drugs that come at affordable prices. The collective rise in the spending of countries on developing neurological disorder drugs is expected to improve the market’s revenue in the coming few years. On the basis of various disorders, the market caters to disorders such as epilepsy, Parkinson’s disease, Alzheimer’s disease, multiple sclerosis, cerebrovascular disease and others. Out of all of these segments, the cerebrovascular disease held the dominant share in terms of revenue in 2015. The World Health Organization (WHO) states that the cerebrovascular diseases, which can manifest as a stroke, migraine and headache is the common cause of worry for several patients. About 80% of the patients suffering from cerebrovascular diseases across EU% show these symptoms. Thus, this segment is expected to exhibit a robust growth rate in the coming few years. Germany Stands out as Highest Consumer of Neurological Disorder Drugs in Europe In terms of geography, the Europe neurological disorder drugs market is segmented into Germany, France, Italy, Spain, U.K., Russia, Netherlands, Switzerland, Poland, and Rest of Europe. The research report states that Germany held a significant share in the market in 2015, closely followed by France. The regions will dominate over the forecast period due to the rising prevalence of neurological disorders and improving the awareness about the diseases due to support groups and government initiatives. Furthermore, the rising pool of geriatrics in Germany will also boost the uptake of neurological disorders drugs in the coming few years. Presently, Germany, the U.K., France, Switzerland, Italy, and Spain are the leading countries in Europe in the neurological disorder drugs market. The study indicates that Switzerland will offer several growth opportunities to the overall market as awareness about these life-altering diseases grows. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Europe Neurological Disorder Drugs Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The leading players operating in the Europe neurological disorders market are Merck & Co., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bayer AG, Astra Zeneca, F-Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Novartis AG, and GlaxoSmithKline plc. Among these, Merck & Co., GlaxoSmithKline plc and Novartis AG. The research report states that the market is consolidated due to the presence of several small players in who hold significant share in the market. Most of these companies are focusing on improving their pipelines and expanding their geographical outreach to retain their dominance. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Worldwide Top 500 IVD Market Companies Market 2017 Analysis by Key Players, Industry Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Sales Forecast and Supply Demand to 2021 Next PostNext Premier Health, Anthem Sign Value-Based Care Agreement Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Natural Food Colours Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 5.4% during 2016–2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers Next: up in Health: For otherwise healthy mom, 'everything changed' when her heart stopped in her sleep News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Latest Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip Things to Do TV Movies Arts Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Health Biz Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business Investing Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe health — Health Drugs score big wins against lung, prostate, breast cancers Updated: June 5, 2017 — 6:33 AM EDT Facebook icon 3Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Popular Stories PHL 17 staffer arrested after profane tirade against Philly cop Jun 6 - 7:11 PM Fired PHL 17 staffer Colleen Campbell: I may have been drugged Jun 7 - 4:04 PM Chemotherapy drugs are administered to a patient at North Carolina Cancer Hospital in Chapel Hill, N.C., on Thursday, May 25, 2017. According to new studies released at a June 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology conference, drugs are scoring big gains against some of the most common cancers, setting new standards of care for many prostate, breast and lung tumors. (AP Photo/Gerry Broome) by MARILYNN MARCHIONE, The Associated Press CHICAGO (AP) - Drugs are scoring big wins against common cancers, setting new standards for how to treat many prostate, breast and lung tumors. There's even a "uni-drug" that may fight many forms of the disease. What's striking: The drugs are beneficial in some cases for more than a year, much longer than the few months many new drugs provide. Here are highlights from the world's largest cancer meeting, the American Society of Clinical Oncology conference in Chicago. PROSTATE CANCER Janssen Biotech's Zytiga improved survival and delayed cancer growth for 18 months when added to standard care in a study of 1,200 men with advanced prostate cancer. The drug is approved to treat tumors that are resistant to hormone therapy; this study tested it as initial treatment. The study was stopped early because men on Zytiga were living longer - 66 percent were alive after three years versus 49 percent of a comparison group not given the drug. Zytiga also delayed the time until cancer worsened - 33 months versus 15 months for the others. In a second study of 1,900 men newly diagnosed with advanced prostate cancer, adding Zytiga to usual treatment also improved survival: 83 percent were alive at three years versus 76 percent of men not given the drug. Zytiga also cut the chance of relapse and serious bone problems. Zytiga caused more side effects, including high blood pressure, but the benefits outweigh them, doctors said. The results will change practice "pretty much overnight," said Dr. Richard Schilsky, chief medical officer for the group hosting the conference. Most men with prostate cancer that has spread will be eligible for Zytiga - about 25,000 each year in U.S. and more in other countries where more cases are found at a late stage, he said. Zytiga costs about $10,000 a month in the U.S. LUNG CANCER Roche's Alecensa stopped cancer growth for 15 months longer than Pfizer's Xalkori did in a study of 303 people with advanced lung cancer and a mutation in a gene called ALK. About 5 percent of lung cancer patients - 12,500 in the U.S. each year - have an ALK mutation, especially younger people and nonsmokers who get the disease. Alecensa kept cancer from worsening for 26 months versus 11 months for Xalkori. It also penetrates the brain better: only 9 percent of those on it had their lung cancer spread to the brain during the first year of treatment versus 41 percent of those on Xalkori. Serious side effects and deaths were less common with Alecensa. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved it in December 2015 for ALK-related lung cancers that worsened despite trying Xalkori. The new study tested it as initial treatment and is aimed at getting full approval for that. Xalkori is around $10,000 a month and Alecensa, about $12,500. BREAST CANCER For the first time, a new type of drug called a PARP inhibitor showed promise in a major study of women with inherited BRCA gene mutations that raise their risk of developing breast cancer. PARP inhibitors keep cancer cells from fixing problems in their DNA, and some are approved now for some ovarian cancers. The study tested AstraZeneca's Lynparza in 302 women with cancers that had spread beyond the breast and were not the type that respond to the drug Herceptin. Half were "triple negative," meaning they are not helped by Herceptin or drugs that block the two main hormones that fuel breast cancer's growth. All had previously tried chemotherapy and some had tried hormone blockers. Lynparza modestly delayed the time until cancer worsened - 7 months versus 4 months for women given one of three commonly used chemotherapies. Lynparza's main side effects were nausea, fatigue and blood count problems, but serious problems were less common than with chemo. It's too soon to know whether Lynparza improves survival. It costs about $13,000 a month. A UNI-DRUG? Loxo Oncology Inc.'s larotrectinib is aimed at many types of cancer with a certain gene abnormality, and in children as well as adults - a first on both counts. The gene problem occurs in less than 1 percent of cancers, so a big question is how these rare gene problems would be found unless widespread tumor-gene testing becomes more common than it is now. In a study of 50 patients with 17 different kinds of cancer, 76 percent - an unusually high number - responded to treatment and their disease has not worsened. Side effects include fatigue and mild dizziness. The company will seek FDA approval based on these results. Last month, the FDA said Merck's immune therapy drug Ketruda could be used for any pediatric or adult cancer with certain gene features, but larotrectinib would be the first drug developed from scratch with this approach. ___ Marilynn Marchione can be followed at http://twitter.com/MMarchioneAP Published: June 5, 2017 — 3:01 AM EDT | Updated: June 5, 2017 — 6:33 AM EDT Thanks for your continued support... We recently asked you to support our journalism. The response, in a word, is heartening. You have encouraged us in our mission — to provide quality news and watchdog journalism. Some of you have even followed through with subscriptions, which is especially gratifying. Our role as an independent, fact-based news organization has never been clearer. And our promise to you is that we will always strive to provide indispensable journalism to our community. Subscriptions are available for home delivery of the print edition and for a digital replica viewable on your mobile device or computer. Subscriptions start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. Continue Reading More in health Health The plastic surgeon who got his love handles frozen on Facebook Live Addiction: The opioid crisis 'I am the other side of the opiate crisis' Health Study: More aggressive melanoma surgery does not extend survival Penn study investigates why late-night snacks may pack on pounds 18 yoga poses to help you shake off the discomforts of traveling Free fitness advice for our golfing president Fitness after 50: 5 exercises you should be doing daily Even on Medicare, chronic lung patients struggle to pay for medicines Penn State study questions longer room sharing for newborns and parents In opioid crisis, even treatment workforce is at risk For otherwise healthy mom, 'everything changed' when her heart stopped in her sleep Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Global Biosimilar Monoclonal Antibodies Forecast 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd 05 Jun, 2017, 14:01 BST Share this article LONDON, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Biosimilar Versions of Infliximab, Rituximab, Trastuzumab, Adalimumab, Bevacizumab and Abciximab The global biosimilar monoclonal antibodies market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 9.6% in the second half of the forecast period. The market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 23.8% from 2015-2027. The market is estimated at $4.2bn in 2020 and $7.9bn in 2027. How this report will benefit you Read on to discover how you can exploit the future business opportunities emerging in this sector. In this brand new 204-page report you will receive 72 tables and 72 figures - all unavailable elsewhere. The 204-page report provides clear detailed insight into the global biosimilar monoclonal antibodies market. Discover the key drivers and challenges affecting the market. By ordering and reading our brand new report today you stay better informed and ready to act. Report Scope  • Global Biosimilar Monoclonal Antibodies Market forecasts from 2017-2027 • Along with revenue prediction for the overall world market for biosimilar monoclonal antibodies, our investigation shows forecasts to 2027 for the market segmented by compound: - Infliximab - Rituximab - Abciximab - Trastuzumab - Adalimumab - Bevacizumab • This report also shows revenue to 2027 for individual biosimilar mAb products in the market: - Remsima/Inflectra - Infimab - Reditux - BI695500 - CT-P10 - BI695501 - FKB327 - FKB238 - Mabtas - AcellBia - Maball - Clotinab - Abcixirel - BCD-022 - BCD-021 - Herzuma - CANMAB/Hertraz • Our analyses show individual revenue forecasts to 2027 for these regional and national markets: - The US Biosimilar mAb Market - Japanese Biosimilar mAb Market - EU5 Biosimilar mAb Markets - BRIC and South Korea Biosimilar mAb Markets - Rest of the World Biosimilar mAb Market • This report profiles 10 leading companies either with biosimilar mAbs already on the market or in the pipeline. • Our study discusses strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats affecting the biosimilar monoclonal antibodies market. Visiongain's study is intended for anyone requiring commercial analyses for the biosimilars monoclonal antibodies market. You find data, trends and predictions. Buy our report today Global Biosimilar Monoclonal Antibodies Forecast 2017-2027: Biosimilar Versions of Infliximab, Rituximab, Trastuzumab, Adalimumab, Bevacizumab and Abciximab. To request a report overviews of this report please email Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongain.com or call Tel: +44-(0)-20-7336-6100. Or click on https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1875/Global-Biosimilar-Monoclonal-Antibodies-Forecast-2017-2027 Companies Mentioned in the Report  Abbott Laboratories AbbVie Aché Actavis AET BioTech Alexion Pharmaceuticals Alvogen Alvotech Amgen Aprogen Array Bridge AstraZeneca Bayer Binex BIO BIOCAD Biocerus Biocon Biogen Idec Bio-Manguinhos Bionovis BioXpress Therapeutics Boehringer Ingelheim Bristol-Myers Squibb Cell Therapeutics Celltrion Celon Pharma Łomianki CinnaGen Coherus BioSciences Daiichi Sankyo Dong-A Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Egis Pharmaceuticals Eli Lilly Emcure EMS Epirus Biopharmaceuticals Farmasa Fresenius Fujifilm Kyowa Kirin Biologics Gedeon Richter Gene Techno Science Genentech Genexo Genor Biopharma GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Glycotope Hanwha Chemical Harvest Moon Hospira Hypermarcas iBio IBSS Biomed ImClone LLC Instas Pharmaceuticals Instituto Vital Brazil IPCA Labs Isu Abxis Janssen Johnson & Johnson Kyowa Hakko Kirin Laboratorios Liomont LG Life Sciences Lonza Mabion mAbxience MedImmune Merck & Co. Merck Serono Millhouse LLC Mitsubishi Tanabe Mochida Pharmaceutical Mustafa Nevzat Pharmaceuticals Mylan Natco Pharma Nichi-Iko Pharmaceutical Co. Nippon Kayaku Novartis Oncobiologics Otsuka Pharmaceutical Parexel Pfizer PharmaPraxis Pharmstandard PhRMA PlantForm Polfarmex Probiomed QuantiaMD Quintiles Reliance Life Sciences Roche Samsung Bioepis Sandoz Sanofi Schnell Seattle Genetics Shanghai CP Guojian Shionogi Sorrento Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Stada Synthon Takeda Teva Pharmaceutical Industries UCB União Química Viropro Walvax Biotechnology Wyeth Zenotech Zhejiang Huahai Pharmaceutical To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongain.com SOURCE Visiongain Ltd 06 Jun, 2017, 14:01 BST Preview: 3D Printing in the Aerospace & Defence Market Report 2017-2027 02 Jun, 2017, 14:15 BST Preview: Autonomous Vehicle (AV) Market Analysis Report 2017-2027 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 14:01 BSTFood High Pressure Processing (HPP) Technologies Market 2017-2027 07 Jun, 2017, 14:15 BSTTop 20 Solar Power Companies Report 2017 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Biosimilar Monoclonal Antibodies Forecast 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd 05 Jun, 2017, 14:01 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Thursday June 08, 2017 Search Subscribe Login Search Companies & Markets Finance Politics Opinion Specials Magazine Login Subscribe Annual Meetings premium Shareholders Target Executive Pay With the growing influence of proxy firms, shareholders in Germany are developing a greater say in how companies are run. By Ulf Sommer Published on 05. June 2017, 14:00 Why it matters Why it matters Professional proxy advisory firms are driving up participation and a sense of activism at annual shareholder meetings. So far, the trend has manifested itself in a record number of votes to reject executive pay packages. Facts Facts The advent of proxy advisory services has brought the shareholder attendance rate at the annual meetings for DAX companies to 60.7 percent, a record high, according to Handelsblatt calculations. Shareholders have rejected nearly 34 percent of executive compensation packages this year, the highest level since these votes were introduced in 2010, a Handelsblatt analysis has found. This summer, Germany will begin implementing new European Union rules on shareholder rights that allow shareholders to vote on executive pay at least once every four years or whenever there are substantial changes to pay packages. Audio Audio LISTEN Pdf The annual meeting at Deutsche Telekom. Shareholder participation at annual meetings for DAX companies is at a record high. Source: DPA At the annual meeting of German reinsurer Munich Re last April, shareholders marked the departure of longstanding CEO Nikolaus von Bomhard with a long and emotional standing ovation. But their affection for the departing chief did not stop shareholders from partaking in a growing trend of rebellion against managment seen across Germany. Soon after the applause, the shareholders voted overwhelmingly against a draft resolution on executive compensation, perceiving the performance targets detailed in the proposal as not sufficiently concrete. The vote reflected a growing tendency for shareholders in Germany to defy company management, particularly on the issue of executive pay. At recent annual meetings of pharmaceutical giant Merck and broadcasting company Prosieben Sat1, for example, more than half of shareholders rejected compensation plans for executive board members. According to Handelsblatt calculations, in fact, nearly 34 percent of executive compensation packages have been rejected this year. This is by far the highest level since these votes were introduced in 2010. The sharp upward trend began last year, when the rejection rate jumped from 7.2 to 23.8 percent. Behind the rise in the new activist streak are proxy advisory firms that represent shareholders and are taking on an influential role at annual meetings. The arrival of advisory firms like ISS, Glass Lewis, Proxinvest and Ethos, which represent large international investors and British and American pension funds worth billions, have changed once mundane shareholder votes into unpredictable, often turbulent affairs. Want to keep reading? Subscribe now or log in to read our coverage of Europe’s leading economy. Subscribe now Login Article options Why it matters Why it matters Professional proxy advisory firms are driving up participation and a sense of activism at annual shareholder meetings. So far, the trend has manifested itself in a record number of votes to reject executive pay packages. Facts Facts The advent of proxy advisory services has brought the shareholder attendance rate at the annual meetings for DAX companies to 60.7 percent, a record high, according to Handelsblatt calculations. Shareholders have rejected nearly 34 percent of executive compensation packages this year, the highest level since these votes were introduced in 2010, a Handelsblatt analysis has found. This summer, Germany will begin implementing new European Union rules on shareholder rights that allow shareholders to vote on executive pay at least once every four years or whenever there are substantial changes to pay packages. Audio Audio LISTEN Pdf Share This Article Deutsche Bank premium A Call for Modesty in Executive Pay A top executive at Deutsche Bank has proposed cutting executive bonuses, in response to the bank's poor performance and its elimination of dividends. CEO John Cryan also says dividends will not be paid in the coming year. Tax Deductions Coalition Clashes over Executive Pay Limits The Social Democrats have drafted a bill to limit the tax deductions available for executive pay. But with an election looming, the Christian Democrats are going on the offensive, and opposing the law. HANDELSBLATT EXCLUSIVE premium Christian Democrats to Propose Executive Pay Reform The center-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU) wants to increase transparency in executive pay and limit tax deductions to compensation earned in Germany. The party has rejected a broader proposal by the center-left Social Democrats as "unconstitutional." Handelsblatt is your window to European business and politics. More than 260 journalists in 35 countries are dedicated to this mission. Every day, over a million people read Handelsblatt, the paper of record for the German business community. Handelsblatt is part of Dieter von Holtzbrinck Media, which also owns WirtschaftsWoche, the country’s most-read business weekly. Read the whole story Partner up with Handelsblatt Learn how Handelsblatt can help your company reach its communication targets The B2B Solution Read our imprint  Terms of Service and Data Protection Policy Newsletters Register Login Shop About us Frequently Asked Questions Advertise with us Customer Service: +49-211-8872727 · 8:00-18:00 CEST  service@handelsblattglobal.com Copyright © 2016 Handelsblatt GmbH. All Rights Reserved. COOKIE NOTIFICATION Handelsblatt Global uses cookies to make this website better. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Cookie Policy ALRIGHT
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why Regeneron Is Quickly Becoming My Top Biotech Stock Pick Approvals of new drugs with nine-figure sales potential and a full pipeline that can fuel future growth make this stock increasingly appealing at these prices. Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Jun 5, 2017 at 8:01AM Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:REGN) investors have lost a lot of money since 2015. However, shares are making back ground after key FDA drug approvals, and a number of intriguing drugs in its pipeline have me thinking that there's more room left in this stock to run higher. Expanding its reach For years, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals has been plowing revenue from its top-selling eye drug, Eylea, back into research and development, and those efforts are starting to pay off with a more diversified product lineup that now includes Praluent, Dupixent, and Kevzara, too. IMAGE SOURCE: GETTY IMAGES. Praluent was the first of this group to win over FDA regulators when it won an OK in summer 2015. The drug belongs to a class of drugs known as PCSK9 inhibitors that help patients clear more bad cholesterol from the bloodstream by boosting the number of cholesterol receptors in the liver.  So far, Praluent's sales have been tepid, and that's hurt Regeneron's share price. Yet despite push-back from insurers that are unwilling to pay for the $14,000-per-year drug in anyone other than the toughest-to-treat cases of high cholesterol, it's still generating sales at over a $100 million annual clip, and its sales are growing. Last quarter, Praluent produced $36 million in revenue, nearly triple levels from the same quarter in 2016. Dupixent is the second of its new drugs to score a FDA green light. The eczema drug inhibits interleukin-4 and interleukin-13, two anti-inflammatory proteins that can lead to eczema, a condition that causes itchy skin lesions and other symptoms that can take a big toll on patients' quality of life. The FDA approved Dupixent in April based on trials showing that it might be a better option for patients who fail to respond or are intolerant to topical corticosteroids that are used to treat flares. In studies, the biweekly Dupixent delivered clear or nearly clear skin in almost 40% of patients and offered a 75% or better improvement in disease severity scores in more than 50% of patients.   Given that corticosteroids fall short for many patients, the company estimates 1 million patients could benefit from Dupixent, which costs $37,000 per year.  Last month, the FDA also approved Kevzara, the company's rheumatoid arthritis drug. The rheumatoid arthritis market is worth billions of dollars in drug sales annually, and Kevzara could carve away a nice slice of this market given it outperformed the $14 billion-per-year Humira in its trials, with similar safety. More drugs are coming Regeneron Pharmaceuticals has 16 products in clinical development, and many of them target similarly lucrative indications that could move sales and profit higher. The company's trials include label expansion studies that could boost the addressable markets for Eylea, Dupixent, and Kevzara, and some of the more intriguing new pipeline candidates include REGN2810, suptavumab, and nesvacumab. One of the most interesting of the expansion studies is evaluating Dupixent in asthma patients. The company expects to report late-stage trial results from this trial soon and, if data is positive, file an application for approval in this indication by the end of this year. The asthma market is big, and new treatment options are needed, so this could boost Dupixent's peak sales opportunity significantly. REGN2810 is a checkpoint inhibitor targeting programmed cell death protein 1, or PD-1, that's being studied for use in cancer patients. The FDA has already approved PD-1 or PD-L1 drugs that work similarly, and those drugs, including Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo and Merck & Co.'s Keytruda, are hauling in billions of dollars in sales annually. REGN2810 is being evaluated in a mid-stage study for use in patients with advanced cutaneous squamous-cell carcinoma, and depending on results, it could receive an accelerated FDA OK. Phase 1 studies of it in other indications are also ongoing, and a phase 3 study in non-small-cell lung cancer is planned to begin this year.  Suptavumab is a phase 3 drug that could combat respiratory syncytial virus-F, a potentially life-threatening virus in the elderly and in children. The study finished enrolling patients earlier this year, and results should be announced later this year. Meanwhile, nesvacumab is a combination drug that pairs up an antibody to Ang2 with Eylea to potentially improve outcomes in patients with wet age-related macular degeneration and diabetic macular edema, two important indications that Eylea is already approved to treat. Phase 2 studies of this potential next-generation wet-AMD drug also recently completed enrollment, and we should know more about the commercial potential of this combination soon.  Finding its footing Regeneron Pharmaceuticals' shares have been in the doldrums since 2015 because of Praluent's slow launch. In addition, shares have been weighed down because of a patent dispute that could eventually remove Praluent from the market. I believe that shares have priced in the worst-case result for Praluent, and if I'm correct, then they'll trade more from here on Dupixent and Kevzara performance. In addition, while Praluent is at great risk, there's still an opportunity for a settlement or a patent victory that might not be priced into the shares right now.  Overall, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals has intriguing drugs hitting the market and in the pipeline, and because it's already kicking off plenty of cash flow and profit courtesy of Eylea, and some of these opportunities could generate hundreds of millions in additional sales, I think buying shares while they're still nicely off their peak prices from a couple years ago is wise.  Todd Campbell has no position in any stocks mentioned. His clients may have positions in the companies mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Todd has been helping buy side portfolio managers as an independent researcher for over a decade. In 2003, Todd founded E.B. Capital Markets, LLC, a research firm providing action oriented ideas to professional investors. Todd has provided insight to a variety of publications, including SmartMoney, Barron's, and CNN/fn. Follow @ebcapital Article Info Jun 5, 2017 at 8:01AM Health Care Stocks Merck & Co. NYSE:MRK $64.06 no change (0.00%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $52.95 up $0.38 (0.72%) Regeneron Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:REGN $482.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Attention, Biotech Investors: Black Friday Is Already Here How Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Makes Most of Its Money Better Buy: Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. vs. Novartis Better Buy: Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. vs. Novartis What's Behind Regeneron's Big 15% Bounce in May? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why Regeneron Is Quickly Becoming My Top Biotech Stock Pick @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $BMY, $REGN
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by rahul-absolutereports.com Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Research Report: Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2021 The Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Industry Report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market for 2016-2021. The research was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery industry. Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market is poised to reach USD 52.37 Billion by 2021 with 6.5% CAGR during the forecast period of 2016-2021 Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market analysis is provided for global market including development trends by regions, competitive analysis of the Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery market. Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Industry report focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Research Report @ https://www.absolutereports.com/10621419    Major Key Players of Environmental Monitoring Market: Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (Israel), GlaxoSmithKline (U.K.), Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH (Germany), 3M (U.S.), AstraZeneca plc (U.K.), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.), Novartis AG (Switzerland), Omron Corporation (Japan), and Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (U.S.).  Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Drivers: Increasing preference for pulmonary drug delivery as an alternate route of drug delivery Increasing focus on the development of smart/digital inhalers Increasing incidence of respiratory diseases Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Restraints: Regulatory issues Pricing pressure Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Opportunities: Emerging markets Growth in online marketing channels Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Challenge: Issues with the stability of drugs Deposition of aerosolized particles Get Sample PDF of Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10621419  Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Segmentation Based On Region: North America Europe Asia-Pacific Rest Of The World Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Segmentation Based On Applications: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Asthma Cystic Fibrosis Other Applications Ask for Discount @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10621419  Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Segmentation Based On Formulation: Type Suspension Aerosols Solution Aerosols Dry Powder Formulations Device Type Metered Dose Inhalers (Mdis) Dry Powder Inhalers (Dpis) Nebulizers Jet Nebulizers Ultrasonic Nebulizers Soft mist nebulizers Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Segmentation Based On End-User: Hospitals & Clinics Home Care Settings No. of Pages: 153 Get Report at:http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10621419    CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsHealthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Proyecto Touro – Progress update Next PostNext Opaque Polymer (Opacifier) Market in North America Overview, Industry Top Manufactures, Market Size, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2022 Posted on 5 June 2017 by rahul-absolutereports.com Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Research Report: Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2021 The Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Industry Report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market for 2016-2021. The research was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery industry. Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market is poised to reach USD 52.37 Billion by 2021 with 6.5% CAGR during the forecast period of 2016-2021 Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market analysis is provided for global market including development trends by regions, competitive analysis of the Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery market. Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Industry report focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Research Report @ https://www.absolutereports.com/10621419    Major Key Players of Environmental Monitoring Market: Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (Israel), GlaxoSmithKline (U.K.), Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH (Germany), 3M (U.S.), AstraZeneca plc (U.K.), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.), Novartis AG (Switzerland), Omron Corporation (Japan), and Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (U.S.).  Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Drivers: Increasing preference for pulmonary drug delivery as an alternate route of drug delivery Increasing focus on the development of smart/digital inhalers Increasing incidence of respiratory diseases Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Restraints: Regulatory issues Pricing pressure Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Opportunities: Emerging markets Growth in online marketing channels Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Challenge: Issues with the stability of drugs Deposition of aerosolized particles Get Sample PDF of Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10621419  Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Segmentation Based On Region: North America Europe Asia-Pacific Rest Of The World Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Segmentation Based On Applications: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Asthma Cystic Fibrosis Other Applications Ask for Discount @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10621419  Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Segmentation Based On Formulation: Type Suspension Aerosols Solution Aerosols Dry Powder Formulations Device Type Metered Dose Inhalers (Mdis) Dry Powder Inhalers (Dpis) Nebulizers Jet Nebulizers Ultrasonic Nebulizers Soft mist nebulizers Pulmonary/ Respiratory Drug Delivery Market Segmentation Based On End-User: Hospitals & Clinics Home Care Settings No. of Pages: 153 Get Report at:http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10621419    CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsHealthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Proyecto Touro – Progress update Next PostNext Opaque Polymer (Opacifier) Market in North America Overview, Industry Top Manufactures, Market Size, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2022 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Natural Food Colours Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 5.4% during 2016–2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
06082017Headline: Middle East And Africa Female Hygiene Products Market To Reach Worth USD 89.63 Mn By 2023 5 hours ago Pre-Menstrual Syndrome Treatment Market: Global Industry Analysis, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 5 hours ago Endoscopic Vessel Harvesting System Market 2017 Global Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications, Segmentation and Forecast to 2023 5 hours ago HDPE Pipes Market Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 5 hours ago Global Vacuum Lifter Market Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 5 hours ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Autoimmune Disease Treatment Market Size, Share, Growth, Analysis, Segmentation and Forecast 2017 to 2025 – Brisk Insights Global Autoimmune Disease Treatment Market Size, Share, Growth, Analysis, Segmentation and Forecast 2017 to 2025 – Brisk Insights June 5, 2017 | by Johnson | According to a recently published report by Brisk Insight, the Global Autoimmune Diseases Treatment Market is expected to grow at the CAGR of 3.8% during 2017-2025. The global autoimmune diseases treatment market is segmented on the basis of therapeutics and geography. The report on global autoimmune diseases treatment market (by therapeutics and geography) provides a detailed overview and predictive analysis of the market. Full report available Autoimmune Diseases Treatment Market: Global Industry Size, Growth, Share and Forecast to 2025 report at http://www.briskinsights.com/report/autoimmune-disease-treatment-market Market Insights Autoimmune disease is defined as functional instability caused to immune system. This reaction takes place when an individual’s immune system defends itself by producing its autoantibodies against the healthy cells and tissues rather than infectious agents. Autoantibodies produced, cause pain, inflammation and sometimes even organ damage. It is one of the top 10 leading causes of mortality in girls and women observed in all age groups up to 64 years of age. Traditionally available treatment options are chemical based drugs which including corticosteroids, immunosuppressants and NSAIDs. In recent development biological drugs are looked are preferred over chemical based drugs , due to less side-effects, target-specific activity and high patient compliance compared to chemical-based drugs. With rising awareness about autoimmune disease, increase in healthcare expenditure in both developed and developing countries are some the driving factors for the growth of autoimmune diseases treatment. Scope of the report 1. Global Autoimmune Diseases Treatment Market, By Therapeutics Type, 2015–2025 ($ Million) 1.1. Overview 1.2. Chemical-based Drugs 1.2.1. Immunosuppressant Drugs 1.2.2. NSAIDs 1.2.3. Corticosteroids 1.3. Biological Drugs 1.4. Pipeline Analysis 1.4.1. Projected sales of Phase III Drugs estimated till 2025, by Most Prevalent Autoimmune Diseases ($ Million) 1.4.1.1. Hashimoto’s Thyroiditis 1.4.1.2. Type I Diabetes 1.4.1.3. Crohn’s Disease 1.4.1.4. Multiple Sclerosis 1.4.1.5. Rheumatoid Arthritis 1.4.1.6. Ankylosing Spondylitis 1.4.1.7. Systemic Lupus Erythematosus 1.4.1.8. Psoriasis 1.4.2. Tabular Representation of Phase II and I Drugs Browse here for Same category Reports : http://www.briskinsights.com/category/medical-devices-industry 2. Global Autoimmune Diseases Treatment  Market, By Geography, 2015-2025 ($ Million) 2.1. North America (U.S. & Canada) 2.2. Europe (U.K., Germany & Rest of Europe) 2.3. Asia Pacific (China, Japan, and Rest of APAC) 2.4. Latin America (Brazil, Mexico and Rest of LATAM) 2.5. Middle East and Africa (UAE, Saudi Arabia, South Africa) 3. Profiles 3.1. Abbott Laboratories 3.2. Amgen Inc. 3.3. Bayer AG 3.4. Bristol Myers Squibb Company 3.5. Eli Lilly and Company 3.6. F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG 3.7. GlaxoSmithKline Plc 3.8. Genentech Inc. 3.9. Merck & Co. 3.10. Johnson & Johnson Limited 3.11. Others Download Free Request Sample : http://www.briskinsights.com/sample-request/608 About Us : Brisk Insights is a global market research firm. Our insightful analysis is focused on developed and emerging markets. We identify trends and forecast markets with a view to aid businesses identify market opportunities optimize strategies. Working in a highly dynamic and multi-dimensional business makes decision making complex. Effective business decisions are a result of the synthesis of market information. Our Research and data analysis is an efficient and cost-effective way of providing robust market analysis and can yield highly valuable intelligence relating to consumers, competitors and markets. Contact Us : Jennifer Smith Office 1094 109 Vernon House Friar Lane Nottingham NG1 6DQ United Kingdom Phone : +448081890034 (UK) Email : sales@briskinsights.com Website : http://www.briskinsights.com/ Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Middle East And Africa Female Hygiene Products Market To Reach Worth USD 89.63 Mn By 2023 Pre-Menstrual Syndrome Treatment Market: Global Industry Analysis, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 Endoscopic Vessel Harvesting System Market 2017 Global Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications, Segmentation and Forecast to 2023 HDPE Pipes Market Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Middle East And Africa Female Hygiene Products Market To Reach Worth USD 89.63 Mn By 2023 Pre-Menstrual Syndrome Treatment Market: Global Industry Analysis, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 Endoscopic Vessel Harvesting System Market 2017 Global Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications, Segmentation and Forecast to 2023 HDPE Pipes Market Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 Global Vacuum Lifter Market Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search CardioBrief: New Stroke Prevention Device Might Not Prevent Strokes cme/ce Watch-and-Wait OK in Sentinel Node Positive Melanoma Morning Break: Amazon Pharmacy; New Opioid Weapon; Drug Coupon Ploy Breast Ca-Heart Link: Pharmacy Practice News Report cme/ce Study Warns of Diabetic Ketoacidosis With SGLT2 Inhibitors in T2D LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Meeting Coverage > ASCO Advanced Ca Patients Benefit from Online Symptom Reports Patient-reported outcomes tied to increased survival MedpageToday savesaved by Ed Susman, Contributing Writer, MedPage Today June 05, 2017 Action Points Patients with metastatic cancer who reported symptom changes through an online network achieved statistically significant longer survival than patients who reported their problems at regular clinic visits. Note that patients who reported outcomes via email experienced better quality of life, and were able to accept chemotherapy for 8 months compared with an average of 6 months for patients who receiving standard of care follow-up. CHICAGO – Patients with metastatic cancer who reported symptom changes through an online network achieved statistically significant longer survival than patients who reported their problems at regular clinic visits, researchers said here. The patients in the online group achieved a median survival of 31.2 months compared with 26.0 months for patients receiving usual care, for a 5.2-month difference (P=0.03), said Ethan Basch, MD, of the Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center at the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill. Read Full Article In addition, patients who reported outcomes via email experienced better quality of life (QOL), and were able to accept chemotherapy for 8 months compared with an average of 6 months for patients who receiving standard of care follow-up, he said during a press conference at the American Society of Clinical Oncology annual meeting. The study result were simultaneously published in a research letter in JAMA. Also, nurses responded to symptom alerts 77% of the time, with discrete clinical interventions, such as phone calls to provide symptom management counseling, supportive medications, chemotherapy dose modifications, and referrals. "These factors in combination probably account for the most striking finding in the study, which was the overall survival results," Dr. Basch said. "We found in this study that for patients who were self-reporting their own symptoms, compared with standard of care, there was a 5-month median overall survival [OS] benefit compared with the standard of care patients. If we look at that in terms of OS at 5 years, 8% more patients in the self-reported symptoms group were alive than in the standard of care patients (P=0.02)." Larry Norton, MD, of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York City, told MedPage Today, "There was a time in our history when it was adequate for doctors to get to know the patient and to communicate efficiently ... but the modern world doesn't allow that. We need better tools to improve communication." Face-to-face is good but it is intermittent. I think what we see now is that electronic tools can be used so there can be immediate connections. This study showed that, in the vast majority of cases, the immediate reporting of symptoms led to interventions, and those interventions [were] a very important part of the totality of care." "Patients with advanced cancer often have severe symptoms, and we know from previous research that we as clinicians, unfortunately, are unaware of up to half of our patients' symptoms, Basch told MedPage Today. "We set out to answer a simple question: If we could better monitor our patients, particularly between visits, perhaps this could lead to better outcomes for patients? We show that using a web-based symptom reporting system that alerts the care team about problems leads to actions that alleviate suffering and improve patient outcomes." In the study, 766 patients were randomly assigned to one of two study arms. In the intervention arm, patients self-reported their own symptoms through an online tool with 12 common symptoms from the NCI's Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Event. "They reported these symptoms weekly from home. If the symptoms were severe or worsening, the report would trigger an automated email alert to the nurse and the nurse could then use that to intervene and take action," he said. "In addition, at follow-up visits, a full longitudinal report of symptoms would be printed for their oncologists to inspire discussion and clinical management." The control patients received standard symptom care at in-clinic visits. Patients remained on the study throughout their cancer treatment, and came off when they had completed all of their chemotherapy, or if they died or went to hospice, Basch noted. Among the 766 patients randomized, the median age was 61, 86% were white, and 58% were women, while 22% had less than a high school education, and 30% were computer inexperienced. OS was assessed in June 2016 after 517 of 766 participants (67%) had died. "In the multivariable model, results remained statistically significant with a hazard ratio of 0.83 (95% C, 0.70-0.99, P=0 .04), the authors wrote. Studly limitations included the fact that it was done at a single tertiary care cancer center. Also, there was no subanalysis by cancer type as the numbers would have been too small, Basch explained. "We are now building on these findings in a national study that ... will largely focus on implementation. But based on these findings that show such striking benefit, it really is time for implementation, and I think that will be the work moving forward," he said. Norton, who was not involved in the study, highlighted the QOL improvement. "By being engaged in their treatment and able to identify issues early, there is an improvement in quality of life. We don't know all the biological consequences of a good, positive attitude, but it certainly isn't going to be detrimental, and it may be beneficial ... there are many studies that are actually looking at that right now," he said. He said he predicted more research with patient-reported outcomes in the future. The study was supported by ASCO Conquer Cancer Foundation. Basch and Norton disclosed no relevant relationships with industry. Co-authors disclosed relevant relationships with Astellas, BIND Pharmaceuticals, Clovis Oncology, Merck, Roche, Asterias Biotherapeutics, WIRB-Copernicus Group, Sanofi Aventis Ferring Pharmaceuticals, Janssen Research and Development, Medivation, Takeda Millennium, Medivation, Janssen, Illumina, Innocrin Pharma, Genetech/Roche, AstraZeneca, and ARIAD. Reviewed by Robert Jasmer, MD Associate Clinical Professor of Medicine, University of California, San Francisco 2017-06-05T17:15:00-0400 Primary Source Journal of the American Medical Association Source Reference: Basch E, et al "Overall survival results of a trial assessing patient-reported outcomes for symptom monitoring during routine cancer treatment" JAMA 2017; DOI: 10.1001/jama.2017.7156. 0 Comments More in Meeting Coverage No Survival Benefit with Node Dissection in Ovarian Ca PY1 Residents On-Call Need at Least 4 Hours Shut Eye Sleep Deprived Workers Have Less Cognitive Flexibility Off-Label Use of Urine Assay Detects Zika in Semen About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/tesaro-whats-tearing-at-the-stock-1496681351 Stocks to Watch Tesaro: What’s Tearing At The Stock? The drug maker Tesaro isn't getting much of a boost from ASCO. The stock is falling today despite some pretty bullish research notes about the launch of its new ovarian cancer treatment. By Johanna Bennett Updated June 5, 2017 12:49 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Another biotech company’s share price is suffering an ASCO hangover. Tesaro (TSRO) fell 5% in recent market action despite some pretty bullish research notes about its ovarian cancer drug Zejula. Illustration: Bloomberg News The company held an investor briefing over the weekend during which it not only discussed the launch of the new drug approved by the FDA in March, but released data for the ongoing TOPACIO trial and early-stage data for the experimental drug TSR042 Analyst reactions were mixed. Oppenheimer raised its price target to $199 a share from $183 a share on the strength of the Zejula launch. At Credit Suisse, Alethia Young “continues to favor this story.” We continue to believe that Tesaro's potential IO combination franchise (and the fact that they have all these items in-house) is unappreciated. As a reminder Tesaro is partnered with AnaptysBio on the IO antibodies. We still continue to favor this story and its expansion beyond PARP monotherapy even heading into major competitor catalyst from Clovis’ ARIEL3 study coming likely in the next few weeks. But analysts at FBR, which rate the stock a Market Perform, trimmed their price target to $195 from $200.  Meanwhile, Cowen’s Boris Peaker remained cautious following the investor with a Market Perform rating and a $145 price target. ...we believe Zejula's launch is off to strong start but think it is difficult to draw any meaningful conclusions from these early data points. Additionally, there is no visibility at this time on the level of discounting. We currently estimate 2017 niraparib sales of $54.2MM. Last week, The Wall Street Journal reported that Tesaro is exploring a sale, citing “people familiar with the matter.” Sources also said interest has been tepid. Tesaro’s ovarian cancer drug Zejula belongs to a drug class known as PARP inhibitors. It hit the market in April and is being studied in combination with Merck’s (MRK) immuno-oncology therapy Keytruda and Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) has invested $50 million in Tesaro and licensed rights to Zejula for prostate cancer Still, competition is fierce and data for treatments from Clovis Oncology (CLVS) and AstraZeneca (AZN) are coming out soon and could have a big impact on Tesaro’s value. Text Size Regular Medium Large ASCO cancer immuno-oncology Tesaro Zejula biotech biotechnology drug makers Johanna Bennett johanna.bennett@barrons.com • @pokerjo1994 PREVIOUS Herbalife: Time to Buy? NEXT Disney, Slumping Advertising, and the Problem With Sentiment Most Popular What Could Go Wrong? Dow Gains 35 Points Ahead of Thursday Thriller Nvidia, AMD are for Ethereum Mining, Not Bitcoin, Says RBC The Market Shows Relief Over Comey Testimony India IT: Heads Up … Layoffs Ahead Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman HPV Testing Market: Professional Market Research Report and Forecasts, 2017 – 2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 06/05/2017 — Global HPV Testing Market: Snapshot HPV, short for the human papilloma virus, refers to a group of over 150 viruses that several negative changes within a human body. They are called the papilloma virus due to the fact that several viruses from this group are known to cause warts or papillomas, which are a form of non-cancerous tumor. At the same time, some of the types of HPV are far more serious as they have been linked to cancers, especially cancers of the cervix. One of the key characteristics of the human papilloma virus is that they can only survive within a specific type of cell: the squamous epithelial cell, which can be located on the skin’s surface and especially within moist surfaces such as the mucosal surfaces. A part of the HPV group falls under the low-risk genital HPV type, which is known to cause low-risk issues such as warts in specific locations. The high-risk genital HPV types are known to cause cancer in both men and women. They cause changes on a cellular level which can lead to pre-cancers, following into cancers over time. HPV has no key symptoms that can be used to identify it, with the exception of specific types of warts caused by some members of the virus group. Global HPV Testing Market: Overview The rising prevalence of cervical and vaginal cancer is the cardinal factor driving the global HPV testing market. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention states that every year 16 out of every 100,000 women are likely to be detected with cervical cancer. Globally, it is identified as the third-most commonly occurring cancer and the mortality rate due to this cancer is also quite high. HPV test helps in the screening and early detection of cervical cancer. Request Sample Copy of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=284 The research report sheds light on various important parameters including dynamics and competitive landscape of the global HPV testing market. For an extensive understanding, it segments the market on the basis of applications, end users, and geography. It analyses each segment in terms of both revenue and volume. It profiles key players in the market along with their revenue generation, latest developments, business strategies, and contact information. Global HPV Testing Market: Drivers and Restraints Governments are increasingly introducing programs that are promoting awareness regarding cervical cancer screening programs, which in turn is providing a significant push to the HPV testing market. Other than awareness programs, governments are also pouring funds into the research and development of screening kits and devices, which is working in favor of the growth of the market. Despite the initiatives and funding, the continuously changing regulatory guidelines for cervical cancer screening are hampering the growth of the market. Moreover, the lack of favorable reimbursement scenario in several countries is limiting the market from realizing its utmost potential. On the other hand, technological advancements are creating immense growth opportunities for the market. Request TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=284 Global HPV Testing Market: Geographical Segmentation The regional markets studied in the report are North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World. North America will account for a large share in the market throughout the forecast period. The demand for HPV testing in the region will rise against the backdrop of growing incidence of cervical cancers. The growth of the region is also supplemented by conducive federal policies that are encouraging the uptake of screening programs for cervical cancers. Moreover, the introduction of innovative technologies for improving patient care and diagnosis is providing a fillip to the growth of the region. Asia Pacific is likely to emerge as a promising market during the same period owing to the increasing prevalence of communicable diseases, particularly in developing countries such as India. The rising number of government programs that are spreading awareness regarding benefits of early cancer screening is contributing to the growth of the market. Read Comprehensive Overview of Report@ https://www.tmrresearch.com/hpv-testing-market Global HPV Testing Market: Competitive Landscape Several players in the global HPV testing market are increasingly investing in the research and development of advanced and innovative test kits and devices. Partnerships and collaborations are among go-to strategies of key players to consolidate their presence in the market. Some of the key players in the market are Abbott Laboratories, Hologic, Inc., Becton and Dickinson, bioMerieux SA, CytoCore Inc., Qiagen, Inc., Roche Molecular Diagnostics, DiaMex GmBH, Merck & Co., Genomica S.A.U., DAAN Gene Co., and Ventana Medical Systems Inc. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in today’s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clients’ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth researh of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Small Vacuum Cleaner Market 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast 2021 Next PostNext Global Plant Protein Market Driven by the Increasing Awareness Regarding Its Numerous Health Benefits, Finds Technavio Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search CardioBrief: New Stroke Prevention Device Might Not Prevent Strokes cme/ce Watch-and-Wait OK in Sentinel Node Positive Melanoma Morning Break: Amazon Pharmacy; New Opioid Weapon; Drug Coupon Ploy Breast Ca-Heart Link: Pharmacy Practice News Report cme/ce Study Warns of Diabetic Ketoacidosis With SGLT2 Inhibitors in T2D LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Meeting Coverage > ASCO Novel Agent Shows Antitumor Activity in TRK-Fusion Cancers Tumor genetics define treatment approach in early-stage trials MedpageToday savesaved by Ed Susman, Contributing Writer, MedPage Today June 04, 2017 Action Points Note that this study was published as an abstract and presented at a conference. These data and conclusions should be considered to be preliminary until published in a peer-reviewed journal. CHICAGO – An investigational agent that targets tropomysin receptor kinase (TRK) fusions offered "consistent and durable antitumor activity" in a range of tumor types in adults and children, researchers reported here. In 46 evaluable patients with a variety of tumors, the objective response rate (ORR) was 78% (95% CI 64%–89%) with responses in 12 unique tumor types, while a median duration of response (DOR) had not been reached as the majority of responders remain on treatment without progression, according to David Hyman, MD, of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York City, and colleagues. Read Full Article "Larotrectinib delivers consistent and durable responses in TRK fusion patients across all ages, regardless of tumor context, and does so with few side effects," said Hyman in a presentation at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) annual meeting. "In this way, the larotrectinib TRK fusion story fulfills the promise of precision medicine, where tumor genetics rather than tumor site of origin define the treatment approach," he explained. "It is now incumbent upon the clinical oncology and pathology communities to examine our testing paradigms, so that TRK fusions and other actionable biomarkers become part of the standard patient work-up." Hyman's group also reported that responses were observed in 17 different tumor types. In addition, larotrectinib was not associated with treatment-related serious adverse events, and none of the patients in the study discontinued treatment due to adverse events, he said. Larotrectinib is a selective small-molecule pan-TRK inhibitor. "TRK fusions appear oncogenic independent of tumor lineage, are widely distributed across cancers, and affect all ages," the authors wrote. Hyman estimated that about 5,000 patients in the U.S. have TRK-modulated tumors, although he said that number by be underestimated because TRK mutations are not often identified in gene-mutation panels. The study enrolled all NTRK fusion patients with RECIST measurable disease who were also enrolled to adult and pediatric phase I trials, as well as an adult/adolescent phase II trial. TRK fusion status was determined by local testing prior to enrollment. The drug dose was generally 100 mg BID on a continuous 28-day schedule. The primary objective was investigator-assessed ORR per RECIST v1.1. Secondary endpoints included DOR and safety. Data was reported through January 2017. Among the 55 TRK fusion patients, there were 12 children and 43 adults (age range 4 months to 76 years). They had a median of two prior treatments. Fusions involved NTRK1 (n=25), NTRK2 (n=1), and NTRK3 (n=29), and 14 unique partners. The tumor types treated were salivary (12), sarcoma (10), infantile fibrosarcoma (7), lung (5), thyroid (5), colon (4), melanoma (4), cholangiocarcinoma (2), gastrointestinal stromal tumor (2), and other (4). The authors reported that the longest responder remained on treatment at 23 months, with eight patients remaining in response at >12 months, and 16 patients at >6 months. NTRK solvent front mutations were detected in all four patients who developed resistance. A solvent front mutation is an amino acid substitution in a kinase that reduces the binding potency of a targeted drug. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events were fatigue (30%), dizziness (28%), and nausea (28%). Five (11%) patients required dose reductions. Still, all of these patients achieved clinical benefit from treatment, the authors pointed out. "Though the study is small and early, it demonstrates compelling evidence that may pave the way for a new class of drugs for rare tumors that could inform the future of precision medicine," said ASCO expert Sumanta Pal, MD, of the City of Hope in Duarte, Calif. But larotrectinib has a way to go before it can be considered ready for prime-time use. Hyman noted that a randomized, controlled trial in the setting of advanced solid tumor malignancies might be difficult because of the lack of any comparator treatment, and the overwhelming responses seen in the 6 months of treatment with larotrectinib. Richard Carvajal, MD, of New York-Presbyterian Hospital/Columbia University Medical Center in New York City told MedPage Today that "the incidence of TRK fusion mutations is a relatively low frequency event across a wide variety of cancers, but there are a few rare tumors that have this mutation in a very high frequency, such as secretory breast cancers." He said that while there are a variety of available laboratory tests that can identify TRK mutations, it is not likely to be a routine test since it is likely to be found in only about 5% of patients with solid organ cancers. The study was sponsored by Loxo Oncology. Hyman disclosed relevant relationships with Atara Biotherapeutics, Chugai Pharma, CytomX Therapeutics, AstraZeneca, Puma Biotechnology, Loxo Oncology, Novartis, Amgen, Merck, and Lilly. Pal disclosed relevant relationships with Astellas Pharma, Aveo, Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS), Exelixis, Genentech, Myriad Pharmaceuticals, Novartis, Pfizer, and Medivation. Carvajal disclosed relevant relationships with BMS, Novartis, Genentech, and Merck. This activity is part of our Clinical Context curriculum in Lung Cancer 2017-04-06T00:00:00-0400 last updated 06.04.2017 Primary Source American Society of Clinical Oncology Source Reference: Hyman D, et al "The efficacy of larotrectinib (LOXO-101), a selective tropomyosin receptor kinase (TRK) inhibitor, in adult and pediatric TRK fusion cancers" ASCO 2017; Abstract LBA2501. 0 Comments More in Meeting Coverage No Survival Benefit with Node Dissection in Ovarian Ca PY1 Residents On-Call Need at Least 4 Hours Shut Eye Sleep Deprived Workers Have Less Cognitive Flexibility Off-Label Use of Urine Assay Detects Zika in Semen About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav H1 2017 Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections Market Pipeline Review Industry Research Report Description: Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections (Infectious Disease) pipeline landscape. Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) infection is a respiratory disease. It infects the lungs and breathing passages. RSV commonly causes bronchiolitis (inflammation of the small airways in the lung) and pneumonia in children less than one year of age. The symptoms of RSV infection include cough, stuffy or runny nose, mild sore throat, earache and fever. Treatment includes proper medication and hygiene practice. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/310011 . Report Highlights Global Markets Direct’s Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections (Infectious Disease), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections (Infectious Disease) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical and Discovery stages are 2, 14, 13, 47 and 21 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase I, Preclinical and Discovery stages comprises 7, 14 and 5 molecules, respectively. Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections (Infectious Disease) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/respiratory-syncytial-virus-rsv-infections-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections (Infectious Disease). – The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections (Infectious Disease) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. – The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. – The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. – The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections (Infectious Disease) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. – The pipeline guide evaluates Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections (Infectious Disease) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. – The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. – The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections (Infectious Disease) Reasons to buy – Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. – Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. – Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections (Infectious Disease). – Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. – Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. – Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. – Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections (Infectious Disease) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. – Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/310011 . Companies Mentioned Abivax SA Ablynx NV ADMA Biologics Inc Agilvax Inc Amarillo Biosciences Inc Anima Biotech Ltd Aridis Pharmaceuticals LLC Artificial Cell Technologies Inc AstraZeneca Plc Aviragen Therapeutics Inc Bavarian Nordic A/S Celltrion Inc Curevac AG DBV Technologies SA Emergent BioSolutions Inc Enanta Pharmaceuticals Inc Evec Inc F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd Gene Techno Science Co Ltd GenVec Inc Gilead Sciences Inc GlaxoSmithKline Plc Globavir Biosciences Inc Humabs BioMed SA iBio Inc Immunovaccine Inc Immunwork Inc Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc Johnson & Johnson Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc Kineta Inc mAbxience SA MedImmune LLC Medivir AB Merck & Co Inc Mucosis BV Mymetics Corp NanoBio Corp Navigen Inc Novavax Inc Phoenix Biotechnology Inc Profectus BioSciences Inc Pulmocide Ltd Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc ReViral Ltd Romark Laboratories LC Sanofi Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Inc Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd TechnoVax Inc Themis Bioscience GmbH Vault Pharma Inc Vaxart Inc VBI Vaccines Inc Virometix AG Visterra Inc VLP Biotech Inc For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsHealthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Anhydrous Magnesium Chloride Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Next PostNext McNally Capital Announces Promotions, the Addition of John Freund as a Senior Advisor & the Launch of a New Website Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav 2017 Report: Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3. 4. 23. 46) Industry Pipeline Review, H1 Analysis Latest niche market research study on “H1 Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3. 4. 23. 46) Market Pipeline Review 2017 ” Published at Orbisresearch.com Description: Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) – Beta-secretase 1 (BACE1) is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the BACE1 gene. It is responsible for the proteolytic processing of the amyloid precursor protein (APP). It cleaves at the N-terminus of the A-beta peptide sequence of APP. This leads to the generation and extracellular release of beta-cleaved soluble APP and a corresponding cell-associated C-terminal fragment which is later released by gamma-secretase. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/310018 . Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) pipeline Target constitutes close to 26 molecules. Out of which approximately 19 molecules are developed by companies and remaining by the universities/institutes. The molecules developed by companies in Phase III, Phase II, Phase I and Preclinical stages are 5, 1, 1 and 12 respectively. Similarly, the universities portfolio in Phase I and Preclinical stages comprises 1 and 6 molecules, respectively. Report covers products from therapy areas Central Nervous System which include indications Alzheimer’s Disease, Dementia Associated With Alzheimer’s Disease, Mild Cognitive Impairment and Neurodegenerative Diseases. The latest report Beta Secretase 1 – Pipeline Review,, outlays comprehensive information on the Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) targeted therapeutics, complete with analysis by indications, stage of development, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. It also reviews key players involved in Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) targeted therapeutics development with respective active and dormant or discontinued projects. The report is built using data and information sourced from proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/beta-secretase-1-aspartyl-protease-2-or-beta-site-amyloid-precursor-protein-cleaving-enzyme-1-or-memapsin-2-or-membrane-associated-aspartic-protease-2-or-bace1-or-ec-3-4-23-46-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The report provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape for Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) – The report reviews Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46)targeted therapeutics under development by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources – The report covers pipeline products based on various stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages – The report features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which includes, product description, descriptive MoA, R&D brief, licensing and collaboration details & other developmental activities – The report reviews key players involved in Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46)targeted therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects – The report assesses Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) targeted therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type – The report summarizes all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects – The report reviews latest news and deals related to Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) targeted therapeutics Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/310018 . Reasons to buy – Gain strategically significant competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies – Identify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage – Identify and understand the targeted therapy areas and indications for Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) – Identify the use of drugs for target identification and drug repurposing – Identify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic – Develop strategic initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies – Plan mergers and acquisitions effectively by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics – Devise corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46)development landscape – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope Companies Mentioned Allergan Plc Amgen Inc AstraZeneca Plc Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Eisai Co Ltd Eli Lilly and Company Genentech Inc H. Lundbeck A/S Johnson & Johnson Merck & Co Inc Novartis AG For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mobile Value-Added Services (VAS) Market 2017: Top Companies, Regional Growth Overview and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications Next PostNext EssentialSkillz Releases Whistleblowing eLearning course Posted on 5 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav 2017 Report: Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3. 4. 23. 46) Industry Pipeline Review, H1 Analysis Latest niche market research study on “H1 Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3. 4. 23. 46) Market Pipeline Review 2017 ” Published at Orbisresearch.com Description: Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) – Beta-secretase 1 (BACE1) is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the BACE1 gene. It is responsible for the proteolytic processing of the amyloid precursor protein (APP). It cleaves at the N-terminus of the A-beta peptide sequence of APP. This leads to the generation and extracellular release of beta-cleaved soluble APP and a corresponding cell-associated C-terminal fragment which is later released by gamma-secretase. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/310018 . Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) pipeline Target constitutes close to 26 molecules. Out of which approximately 19 molecules are developed by companies and remaining by the universities/institutes. The molecules developed by companies in Phase III, Phase II, Phase I and Preclinical stages are 5, 1, 1 and 12 respectively. Similarly, the universities portfolio in Phase I and Preclinical stages comprises 1 and 6 molecules, respectively. Report covers products from therapy areas Central Nervous System which include indications Alzheimer’s Disease, Dementia Associated With Alzheimer’s Disease, Mild Cognitive Impairment and Neurodegenerative Diseases. The latest report Beta Secretase 1 – Pipeline Review,, outlays comprehensive information on the Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) targeted therapeutics, complete with analysis by indications, stage of development, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. It also reviews key players involved in Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) targeted therapeutics development with respective active and dormant or discontinued projects. The report is built using data and information sourced from proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/beta-secretase-1-aspartyl-protease-2-or-beta-site-amyloid-precursor-protein-cleaving-enzyme-1-or-memapsin-2-or-membrane-associated-aspartic-protease-2-or-bace1-or-ec-3-4-23-46-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The report provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape for Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) – The report reviews Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46)targeted therapeutics under development by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources – The report covers pipeline products based on various stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages – The report features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which includes, product description, descriptive MoA, R&D brief, licensing and collaboration details & other developmental activities – The report reviews key players involved in Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46)targeted therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects – The report assesses Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) targeted therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type – The report summarizes all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects – The report reviews latest news and deals related to Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) targeted therapeutics Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/310018 . Reasons to buy – Gain strategically significant competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies – Identify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage – Identify and understand the targeted therapy areas and indications for Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46) – Identify the use of drugs for target identification and drug repurposing – Identify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic – Develop strategic initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies – Plan mergers and acquisitions effectively by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics – Devise corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Beta Secretase 1 (Aspartyl Protease 2 or Beta Site Amyloid Precursor Protein Cleaving Enzyme 1 or Memapsin 2 or Membrane Associated Aspartic Protease 2 or BACE1 or EC 3.4.23.46)development landscape – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope Companies Mentioned Allergan Plc Amgen Inc AstraZeneca Plc Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Eisai Co Ltd Eli Lilly and Company Genentech Inc H. Lundbeck A/S Johnson & Johnson Merck & Co Inc Novartis AG For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mobile Value-Added Services (VAS) Market 2017: Top Companies, Regional Growth Overview and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications Next PostNext EssentialSkillz Releases Whistleblowing eLearning course Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Orbis Research : Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) – Pipeline Review, Technologies & Forecasts Report H1 2017 Description: Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline landscape. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/310006 . Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is an autoimmune disease in which a pancreas stops producing insulin, a hormone that enables people to get energy from food. It occurs when the body’s immune system attacks and destroys the insulin-producing cells in the pancreas, called beta cells. Risk factors of type 1 diabetes include genetics and family history, diseases of the pancreas and infection or illness. The signs and symptoms of type 1 diabetes include increased thirst and frequent urination, extreme hunger, weight loss, fatigue, irritability or unusual behavior. Report Highlights Global Markets Direct’s Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Filing rejected/Withdrawn, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 3, 1, 9, 32, 26, 2, 113, 34 and 4 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical and Discovery stages comprises 3, 2, 32 and 5 molecules, respectively. Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/type-1-diabetes-juvenile-diabetes-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders). – The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. – The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. – The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. – The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. – The pipeline guide evaluates Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. – The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. – The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/310006 . Reasons to buy – Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. – Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. – Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders). – Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. – Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. – Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. – Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. – Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Companies Mentioned Adocia AiCuris GmbH & Co KG Alteogen Inc Amarantus Bioscience Holdings Inc Amarna Therapeutics BV AntriaBio Inc apceth Biopharma GmbH Aphios Corp Araim Pharmaceuticals Inc Argos Therapeutics Inc Astellas Pharma Inc AstraZeneca Plc Athersys Inc Atlantic Bio Sci LLC Axxam SpA Beta-Cell NV Biocon Ltd BioLineRx Ltd BioLingus AG Biozeus BirchBioMed Inc Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH Caladrius Biosciences Inc Cancer Prevention Pharmaceuticals Inc Compugen Ltd ConjuChem LLC Daewoong Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Dance Biopharm Inc Denceptor Therapeutics Ltd Diabetology (Products) Ltd DiaMedica Therapeutics Inc Diamyd Medical AB Diasome Pharmaceuticals Inc DiaVacs Inc Dompe Farmaceutici SpA Eli Lilly and Company Ensol Biosciences Inc EpiVax Inc Escape Therapeutics Inc Evotec AG Fate Therapeutics Inc Generex Biotechnology Corp GeNeuro SA Geropharm LLC Gilead Sciences Inc GlaxoSmithKline Plc Grifols SA Hanmi Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd Heptares Therapeutics Ltd ImmusanT Inc Innopharmax Inc Intrexon Corp Ixchel Pharma LLC Johnson & Johnson Kadimastem Ltd Kamada Ltd Kasiak Research Pvt Ltd KPI Therapeutics Inc Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Inc Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc Lonestar Heart Inc MacroGenics Inc Medestea Research & Production SpA MedImmune LLC Medtronic Plc Medy-Tox Inc Melior Discovery Inc Merck & Co Inc Meridigen Biotech Co Ltd Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corp Neovacs SA Novo Nordisk A/S Noxxon Pharma AG Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc Orgenesis Inc OSE Immunotherapeutics Paras Biopharmaceuticals Finland Oy Parvus Therapeutics Inc Pathfinder Cell Therapy Inc Pfizer Inc PharmaCyte Biotech Inc PharmaIN Corp Prometheon Pharma LLC Purzer Pharmaceutical Co Ltd RedHill Biopharma Ltd REGiMMUNE Corp Sanofi Selecta Biosciences Inc Semma Therapeutics Inc Sevion Therapeutics Inc Sotio AS Tetragenetics Inc Thermalin Diabetes LLC Toleranzia AB Transgene Biotek Ltd Traverse Biosciences Inc UCB SA Unicyte AG United Therapeutics Corp ViaCyte Inc XL-protein GmbH XOMA Corp Zealand Pharma AS Zensun (Shanghai) Sci & Tech Co Ltd For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsHealthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Persistence Market Research to be at Forefront by 2026 Next PostNext Diabetic Retinopathy Market H1 2017 covering Companies illuminated by New Report Posted on 5 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Orbis Research : Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) – Pipeline Review, Technologies & Forecasts Report H1 2017 Description: Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline landscape. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/310006 . Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is an autoimmune disease in which a pancreas stops producing insulin, a hormone that enables people to get energy from food. It occurs when the body’s immune system attacks and destroys the insulin-producing cells in the pancreas, called beta cells. Risk factors of type 1 diabetes include genetics and family history, diseases of the pancreas and infection or illness. The signs and symptoms of type 1 diabetes include increased thirst and frequent urination, extreme hunger, weight loss, fatigue, irritability or unusual behavior. Report Highlights Global Markets Direct’s Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Filing rejected/Withdrawn, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 3, 1, 9, 32, 26, 2, 113, 34 and 4 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical and Discovery stages comprises 3, 2, 32 and 5 molecules, respectively. Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/type-1-diabetes-juvenile-diabetes-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders). – The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. – The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. – The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. – The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. – The pipeline guide evaluates Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. – The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. – The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/310006 . Reasons to buy – Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. – Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. – Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders). – Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. – Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. – Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. – Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Type 1 Diabetes (Juvenile Diabetes) (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. – Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Companies Mentioned Adocia AiCuris GmbH & Co KG Alteogen Inc Amarantus Bioscience Holdings Inc Amarna Therapeutics BV AntriaBio Inc apceth Biopharma GmbH Aphios Corp Araim Pharmaceuticals Inc Argos Therapeutics Inc Astellas Pharma Inc AstraZeneca Plc Athersys Inc Atlantic Bio Sci LLC Axxam SpA Beta-Cell NV Biocon Ltd BioLineRx Ltd BioLingus AG Biozeus BirchBioMed Inc Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH Caladrius Biosciences Inc Cancer Prevention Pharmaceuticals Inc Compugen Ltd ConjuChem LLC Daewoong Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Dance Biopharm Inc Denceptor Therapeutics Ltd Diabetology (Products) Ltd DiaMedica Therapeutics Inc Diamyd Medical AB Diasome Pharmaceuticals Inc DiaVacs Inc Dompe Farmaceutici SpA Eli Lilly and Company Ensol Biosciences Inc EpiVax Inc Escape Therapeutics Inc Evotec AG Fate Therapeutics Inc Generex Biotechnology Corp GeNeuro SA Geropharm LLC Gilead Sciences Inc GlaxoSmithKline Plc Grifols SA Hanmi Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd Heptares Therapeutics Ltd ImmusanT Inc Innopharmax Inc Intrexon Corp Ixchel Pharma LLC Johnson & Johnson Kadimastem Ltd Kamada Ltd Kasiak Research Pvt Ltd KPI Therapeutics Inc Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Inc Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc Lonestar Heart Inc MacroGenics Inc Medestea Research & Production SpA MedImmune LLC Medtronic Plc Medy-Tox Inc Melior Discovery Inc Merck & Co Inc Meridigen Biotech Co Ltd Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corp Neovacs SA Novo Nordisk A/S Noxxon Pharma AG Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc Orgenesis Inc OSE Immunotherapeutics Paras Biopharmaceuticals Finland Oy Parvus Therapeutics Inc Pathfinder Cell Therapy Inc Pfizer Inc PharmaCyte Biotech Inc PharmaIN Corp Prometheon Pharma LLC Purzer Pharmaceutical Co Ltd RedHill Biopharma Ltd REGiMMUNE Corp Sanofi Selecta Biosciences Inc Semma Therapeutics Inc Sevion Therapeutics Inc Sotio AS Tetragenetics Inc Thermalin Diabetes LLC Toleranzia AB Transgene Biotek Ltd Traverse Biosciences Inc UCB SA Unicyte AG United Therapeutics Corp ViaCyte Inc XL-protein GmbH XOMA Corp Zealand Pharma AS Zensun (Shanghai) Sci & Tech Co Ltd For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsHealthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Persistence Market Research to be at Forefront by 2026 Next PostNext Diabetic Retinopathy Market H1 2017 covering Companies illuminated by New Report Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Abhishek Budholiya Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 According to a new report published by Future Market Insights titled “Paediatric Vaccine Market: Global Industry Analysis & Opportunity Assessment, 2016 – 2026”, in terms of revenue, the global paediatric vaccine market is expected to increase at 14.4% CAGR during the forecast period 2016-2026. The global paediatric vaccine market is expected to reach US$ 27.97 Bn in 2016. Paediatric vaccine market is a billion dollar market accounting for a substantial proportion of healthcare expenditure in the recent times. The paediatric vaccine market is segmented according to indication, technology and vaccine type. According to the indication, the paediatric vaccine market is sub segmented into pneumococcal, DTP, rotavirus, influenza, meningococcal, hepatitis B, Hib, MMR and polio. According to technology the market is further segmented into live or attenuated, inactivated or killed, toxoid, conjugate, subunit and recombinant vaccines. By vaccine type, the global paediatric vaccine market is segmented into monovalent and multivalent vaccines. Request For Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1317 A slew of routine immunisation initiatives rolled out by the government and private agencies has broadened the market for the paediatric vaccines. A new wave of funds pumped into the market by different government and private players to cork the rise of the child deaths across the globe has also opened a new window of opportunity for the paediatric vaccine market. As per the report of WHO (World Health Organization), the global spending on immunisation soared from US$21.4 to US$26.9 per infant in 2014. The massive economic boom in some regions of the world is expediting the growth of the paediatric vaccine market. Segmentation analysis By indication, pneumococcal segment accounted for higher revenue share in global paediatric vaccines as compared to other product segments. The pneumococcal segment is expected to reach a value of US$ 31.58 Bn by 2026, reflecting a CAGR of 14.4% over the forecast period. The growth of pneumococcal segment is attributed to the increasing incidence of infectious diseases.   In terms of revenue, Hib vaccine segment is the second most growing segment and is expected to reach a value of US$ 13.49 Bn by 2026, growing at a CAGR of 13.4%. Hepatitis B and meningococcal segment are expected to show double-digit CAGR growth in the forecast period contributing to the growth of global paediatric vaccine market.   By technology, conjugate segment accounted for highest revenue share in global paediatric vaccine market as compared to live or attenuated segment. The conjugate segment is expected to reach a value of US$ 32.09 Bn by 2026, reflecting a CAGR of 14.8% over the forecast period. This is expected to be closely followed by the growth of pneumococcal and meningococcal vaccines in this segment Send An Enquiry@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1317   By end user, institutional health centres account for higher demand for paediatric vaccine as compared to other end user segments such as hospital pharmacies and retail pharmacies. The strong growth in institutional health centres can be attributed to increasing government interventions in immunisation programs in order to improve vaccine coverage. Institutional health centres are expected to register highest CAGR of 13.8% over the forecast period. Regional analysis By region, North America is dominating the global paediatric vaccine market due to improved healthcare infrastructure in this region. The North America paediatric vaccine market is expected to be valued at US$ 20.15 Bn by 2026 growing at a CAGR for 11.0%. In addition to North America, demand for paediatric vaccines has been significantly growing in Western Europe and APEJ. APEJ is expected to grow at a CAGR for 14.9% over the forecast period and is expected to dominate the market by 2026 by generating revenue of US$ 22.69 Bn and revenues in Western Europe are anticipated to grow by 11.2%. Middle East and Africa is expected to grow at a CAGR of 12.6% and this growth is anticipated by growth government intervention for immunisation by carrying out national level immunisation campaigns and also disease specific immunisation campaigns. Vendor insights Key players in the global paediatric vaccine market include Indian Immunologicals, GlaaxoSmithKline Plc., Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, Merck & Co. Inc., Panacea Biotec, Zydus Cadila, Emergent BioSolutions Inc., Serum Institute of India Pvt. Ltd., and Bharat Biotech. The growth of paediatric vaccine market is attributed to the development in the research by key players in the field, for instance, in February 2016, GSK submitted US regulatory submission for expanding the indication of FLuLaval Quadrivalent, influenza vaccine, for infants more than 6 months. These developments will boost the growth of the global paediatric vaccine market. CategoriesGoogle News TagsPaediatric Vaccine Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Next PostNext Chiller Market Expected to Reach $11,542 Million, Globally, by 2022 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
