Things to do in the Lehigh Valley this weekend News Nation/World New male contraceptive is safe, effective and inexpensive — but no company has agreed to sell it Male contraceptive Sumit Dayal / Bloomberg A research assistant prepares a syringe inside a pharmacy glovebox at the reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance male contraceptive treatment research and development laboratory at Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur in Kharagpur, West Bengal, India, on Feb. 16, 2017. A research assistant prepares a syringe inside a pharmacy glovebox at the reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance male contraceptive treatment research and development laboratory at Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur in Kharagpur, West Bengal, India, on Feb. 16, 2017. (Sumit Dayal / Bloomberg) Ari AltstedterBloomberg Doctors are on the cusp of launching the first new male contraceptive in more than a century. But rather than a Big Pharma lab, the breakthrough is emerging from a university startup in the heart of rural India. Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Results so far show it's safe, effective and easy to use-but gaining little traction with drugmakers. That's frustrating its inventor, who says his technique could play a crucial role in condom-averse populations. A new birth control method for men has the potential to win as much as half the $10 billion market for female contraceptives worldwide and cut into the $3.2 billion of annual condom sales, businesses dominated by pharmaceutical giants Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc. and Merck & Co., according to estimates from the last major drug company to explore the area. India's reversible procedure could cost as little as $10 in poor countries, and may provide males with years-long fertility control, overcoming compliance problems and avoiding ongoing costs associated with condoms and the female birth-control pill, which is usually taken daily. It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries, who the World Health Organization says have an unmet need for contraception. Yet so far only a U.S. non-profit has taken up development of the technology abroad. Male contraceptive Sumit Dayal / Bloomberg "Why should the burden be borne by the female only?" says biomedical engineer Sujoy Guha, inventor of the reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance male contraceptive treatment, shown in a research laboratory at Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur in Kharagpur, West Bengal, India, on Feb. 16, 2017. "Why should the burden be borne by the female only?" says biomedical engineer Sujoy Guha, inventor of the reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance male contraceptive treatment, shown in a research laboratory at Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur in Kharagpur, West Bengal, India, on Feb. 16, 2017. (Sumit Dayal / Bloomberg) For Sujoy Guha, 76, the biomedical engineer who invented the product, the challenge is to find a company that wants to sell it. But male contraception is an area Big Pharma has so far shown little interest in. "The fact that the big companies are run by white, middle-aged males who have the same feeling-that they would never do it-plays a major role," said Herjan Coelingh Bennink, a gynecology professor who helped develop the contraceptives Implanon and Cerazette as head of research and development in women's health for Organon International from 1987 to 2000. "If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different." Guha's technique for impairing male fertility relies on a polymer gel that's injected into the sperm-carrying tubes in the scrotum. The gel, which has the consistency of melted chocolate, carries a positive charge that acts as a buffer on negatively charged sperm, damaging their heads and tails, and rendering them infertile. The treatment, known as reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance, or RISUG, is reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, allowing sperm to reach the penis normally. The expected launch of RISUG over the next two years will contribute to the Indian contraceptive market's 17 percent growth through 2021, according to a report last year from Pharmaion Consultants, based near New Delhi. The procedure is 98 percent effective at preventing pregnancy-about the same as condoms if they are used every time-and has no major side effects, according to R. S. Sharma, head of reproductive biology and maternal health at the Indian Council of Medical Research. About 540 men have received it in India, where it continues to prevent pregnancies in their partners 13 years after treatment, he said. A submission to regulators this year will seek approval for RISUG as a permanent method of birth control. That will be appended with clinical data supporting reversibility, Sharma said. India has more married women with an unmet need for family planning than any other country, and social stigma and a lack of privacy in stores has kept condom use to less than 6 percent. Male birth control in a shot: Promising, but more work needed Dennis Thompson A birth control shot for men shows some promise, but researchers are still struggling to improve its effectiveness and deal with severe side effects caused by the injections. Only four pregnancies were associated with the 266 men receiving the treatment, which is an effectiveness rate comparable... A birth control shot for men shows some promise, but researchers are still struggling to improve its effectiveness and deal with severe side effects caused by the injections. Only four pregnancies were associated with the 266 men receiving the treatment, which is an effectiveness rate comparable... (Dennis Thompson) Globally, men tend to take a back seat in matters of contraception. Almost 60 percent of women in spousal relationships used the contraceptive pill or some other form of modern contraception worldwide in 2015, according to a United Nations report. In contrast, 8 percent relied on their male partner using a condom. A new option for male birth control could garner as much as half the female contraceptives market, according to research by Organon in the 1990s, when the Dutch drugmaker partnered with Germany's Schering AG on the last major effort to develop a male birth control pill. Demand would come from couples in long-term relationships looking to share family-planning responsibilities and single men looking for an alternative to condoms to prevent an unintended pregnancy from casual sex, Coelingh Bennink said. Still, there were questions at Organon about whether it would be worthwhile financially to develop a new entrant in the low-margin contraceptives market, and the project was eventually shelved, he said. Efforts on a hormone-based male contraceptive continued in 2008 in a study co-funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and UN agencies that was published in October. While the injected regimen's efficacy was "relatively good" compared to other methods, the study was terminated early after a safety review. The authors noted a "relatively high" frequency of mild to moderate mood disorders, sparking a media uproar over perceived double standards in the development of contraceptives because the side effects seemed similar to those women experience on the pill. Bayer, which bought Schering in 2006, stopped all research and development activities around male fertility control about a decade ago, said Astrid Kranz, a company spokeswoman. Male contraceptive Sumit Dayal / Bloomberg Research assistants work at the reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance male contraceptive treatment research and development laboratory at the Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur in Kharagpur, West Bengal, India, on Feb. 16, 2017. Research assistants work at the reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance male contraceptive treatment research and development laboratory at the Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur in Kharagpur, West Bengal, India, on Feb. 16, 2017. (Sumit Dayal / Bloomberg) Although an earlier clinical trial involving the administration of hormones via injection and an implant was "efficient, with a tolerable side effect profile," Kranz said, the Leverkusen, Germany-based drugmaker wasn't convinced this "inconvenient" regimen would find sufficient market acceptance. Male contraception isn't an area of active research for Pfizer and Merck either, representatives said. Both companies sell products for female fertility control. Side effects aside, it would take about $100 million and 10 years to bring a hormone-based male birth control pill to market-a low-priority undertaking for pharmaceutical executives, Coelingh Bennink said. That's now the dilemma Indian inventor Guha faces. "In doing anything abroad, quite substantial money is required, and that can only come from the pharmaceutical industry," Guha said, surrounded by dusty stacks of paper, books and prototype inventions that bury every surface in his office at the Indian Institute of Technology in Kharagpur, about 80 miles west of Kolkata. In the face of disinterest from the pharmaceutical industry, Guha licensed the technology to the Parsemus Foundation, a U.S.-based non-profit, to help establish a market for it outside India, he said. Parsemus is working on its own version, called Vasalgel, that it plans to manufacture and distribute at near cost-or potentially $10 to $20 per person in low- and middle-income countries-and $400 to $600 per person in wealthier markets, Elaine Lissner, the foundation's founder, said in an email. The foundation, based in Berkeley, California, is seeking donations to fund costly human trials starting next year after a study in 16 rhesus monkeys published last month showed Vasalgel was successful in preventing conception while the primates fraternized with females for 5 to 24 months. The IUD rush: Women seek out birth control that can outlast a presidency Lisa Bonos The day after President Donald Trump's inauguration, millions of women of all ages marched in the streets of major cities. In the past few months, there's been another, quieter march that's far more personal, yet still political. If you're not a woman of childbearing age or a health care provider,... The day after President Donald Trump's inauguration, millions of women of all ages marched in the streets of major cities. In the past few months, there's been another, quieter march that's far more personal, yet still political. If you're not a woman of childbearing age or a health care provider,... (Lisa Bonos) Guha meantime has registered a startup in India called IcubedG Ideas Pvt. Ltd. through which he is pushing ahead with introducing the technology in his home country. He leased space in a New Delhi industrial zone in January after developing a method of mass production using a government grant. Three couples who participated in the clinical trials gathered in his Kharagpur office in February to attest to the need. Kinkar Ari, 39, a day laborer from a nearby village, said that when he and his wife decided they didn't want more children they had a choice between tubal ligation for her or vasectomy for him, but neither could afford the time off to recuperate from the surgery. When a public health worker told the couple about Guha's promising alternative, Ari decided to enroll in the study. The injection took 15 minutes with local anesthesia, and after half an hour of observation at the clinic, he said, he was able to walk the 2.5 kilometers home. Two days later, he was back at work. Ari was so enthused by the procedure he convinced two other couples to have it done, he said. Such stories encourage Guha to persist, he said, even though patents on his invention have long since expired and he won't see any personal financial gain even if it takes off worldwide. "Why should the burden be borne by the female only?" he said in his office after the three couples had left. "There has to be an equal partnership." With assistance from Jared S Hopkins and Johannes Koch. Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call States push to protect birth control despite failed GOP health care bill CBO: Defunding Planned Parenthood would lead to thousands more births In health care defeat, Trump learns a costly lesson that could imperil his agenda Breaking Popular Obits Arts & Ent Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 43°
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Health Sunday, April 2, 2017    Last update: 9:51 p.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland New male contraceptive is safe, effective, inexpensive – and can’t find a company to sell it Print Email Share Tweet By Ari Altstedter, Bloomberg Posted April 01, 2017, at 1:59 p.m. Doctors are on the cusp of launching the first new male contraceptive in more than a century. But rather than a Big Pharma lab, the breakthrough is emerging from a university startup in the heart of rural India. Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Results so far show it’s safe, effective and easy to use-but gaining little traction with drugmakers. That’s frustrating its inventor, who says his technique could play a crucial role in condom-averse populations. A new birth control method for men has the potential to win as much as half the $10 billion market for female contraceptives worldwide and cut into the $3.2 billion of annual condom sales, businesses dominated by pharmaceutical giants Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc. and Merck & Co., according to estimates from the last major drug company to explore the area. India’s reversible procedure could cost as little as $10 in poor countries, and may provide males with years-long fertility control, overcoming compliance problems and avoiding ongoing costs associated with condoms and the female birth-control pill, which is usually taken daily. It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries, who the World Health Organization says have an unmet need for contraception. Yet so far only a U.S. nonprofit has taken up development of the technology abroad. For Sujoy Guha, 76, the biomedical engineer who invented the product, the challenge is to find a company that wants to sell it. But male contraception is an area Big Pharma has so far shown little interest in. “The fact that the big companies are run by white, middle-aged males who have the same feeling-that they would never do it-plays a major role,” said Herjan Coelingh Bennink, a gynecology professor who helped develop the contraceptives Implanon and Cerazette as head of research and development in women’s health for Organon International from 1987 to 2000. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.” Guha’s technique for impairing male fertility relies on a polymer gel that’s injected into the sperm-carrying tubes in the scrotum. The gel, which has the consistency of melted chocolate, carries a positive charge that acts as a buffer on negatively charged sperm, damaging their heads and tails, and rendering them infertile. The treatment, known as reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance, or RISUG, is reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, allowing sperm to reach the penis normally. The expected launch of RISUG over the next two years will contribute to the Indian contraceptive market’s 17 percent growth through 2021, according to a report last year from Pharmaion Consultants, based near New Delhi. The procedure is 98 percent effective at preventing pregnancy — about the same as condoms if they are used every time — and has no major side effects, according to R. S. Sharma, head of reproductive biology and maternal health at the Indian Council of Medical Research. About 540 men have received it in India, where it continues to prevent pregnancies in their partners 13 years after treatment, he said. A submission to regulators this year will seek approval for RISUG as a permanent method of birth control. That will be appended with clinical data supporting reversibility, Sharma said. India has more married women with an unmet need for family planning than any other country, and social stigma and a lack of privacy in stores has kept condom use to less than 6 percent. Globally, men tend to take a back seat in matters of contraception. Almost 60 percent of women in spousal relationships used the contraceptive pill or some other form of modern contraception worldwide in 2015, according to a United Nations report. In contrast, 8 percent relied on their male partner using a condom. A new option for male birth control could garner as much as half the female contraceptives market, according to research by Organon in the 1990s, when the Dutch drugmaker partnered with Germany’s Schering AG on the last major effort to develop a male birth control pill. Demand would come from couples in long-term relationships looking to share family-planning responsibilities and single men looking for an alternative to condoms to prevent an unintended pregnancy from casual sex, Coelingh Bennink said. Still, there were questions at Organon about whether it would be worthwhile financially to develop a new entrant in the low-margin contraceptives market, and the project was eventually shelved, he said. Efforts on a hormone-based male contraceptive continued in 2008 in a study co-funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and UN agencies that was published in October. While the injected regimen’s efficacy was “relatively good” compared to other methods, the study was terminated early after a safety review. The authors noted a “relatively high” frequency of mild to moderate mood disorders, sparking a media uproar over perceived double standards in the development of contraceptives because the side effects seemed similar to those women experience on the pill. Bayer, which bought Schering in 2006, stopped all research and development activities around male fertility control about a decade ago, said Astrid Kranz, a company spokeswoman. Although an earlier clinical trial involving the administration of hormones via injection and an implant was “efficient, with a tolerable side effect profile,” Kranz said, the Leverkusen, Germany-based drugmaker wasn’t convinced this “inconvenient” regimen would find sufficient market acceptance. Male contraception isn’t an area of active research for Pfizer and Merck either, representatives said. Both companies sell products for female fertility control. Side effects aside, it would take about $100 million and 10 years to bring a hormone-based male birth control pill to market — a low-priority undertaking for pharmaceutical executives, Coelingh Bennink said. That’s now the dilemma Indian inventor Guha faces. “In doing anything abroad, quite substantial money is required, and that can only come from the pharmaceutical industry,” Guha said, surrounded by dusty stacks of paper, books and prototype inventions that bury every surface in his office at the Indian Institute of Technology in Kharagpur, about 80 miles west of Kolkata. In the face of disinterest from the pharmaceutical industry, Guha licensed the technology to the Parsemus Foundation, a U.S.-based nonprofit, to help establish a market for it outside India, he said. Parsemus is working on its own version, called Vasalgel, that it plans to manufacture and distribute at near cost-or potentially $10 to $20 per person in low- and middle-income countries-and $400 to $600 per person in wealthier markets, Elaine Lissner, the foundation’s founder, said in an email. The foundation, based in Berkeley, California, is seeking donations to fund costly human trials starting next year after a study in 16 rhesus monkeys published last month showed Vasalgel was successful in preventing conception while the primates fraternized with females for 5 to 24 months. Guha meantime has registered a startup in India called IcubedG Ideas Pvt. Ltd. through which he is pushing ahead with introducing the technology in his home country. He leased space in a New Delhi industrial zone in January after developing a method of mass production using a government grant. Three couples who participated in the clinical trials gathered in his Kharagpur office in February to attest to the need. Kinkar Ari, 39, a day laborer from a nearby village, said that when he and his wife decided they didn’t want more children they had a choice between tubal ligation for her or vasectomy for him, but neither could afford the time off to recuperate from the surgery. When a public health worker told the couple about Guha’s promising alternative, Ari decided to enroll in the study. The injection took 15 minutes with local anesthesia, and after half an hour of observation at the clinic, he said, he was able to walk the 2.5 kilometers home. Two days later, he was back at work. Ari was so enthused by the procedure he convinced two other couples to have it done, he said. Such stories encourage Guha to persist, he said, even though patents on his invention have long since expired and he won’t see any personal financial gain even if it takes off worldwide. “Why should the burden be borne by the female only?” he said in his office after the three couples had left. “There has to be an equal partnership.”   SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Eternal unrest: A heartbroken father died never knowing what happened to his missing son New facility helps prepare women inmates for release Transient charged with possession of child pornography April Fools’ storm dumps more than foot of snow in parts of Portland Trooper assists with crash, helps bring Lombardi trophy to Bangor Trump’s climate change order sends message to the world that the US is no longer a responsible actor Monday, April 3, 2017: Clean energy economy booming, Medicaid not just for the poor, reduce military spending April Fools’ Day Trump gets civics lessons from failed health care reform Reading Maine MPA adopts new ‘AA’ basketball format, eyes better tourney experience 41 years of stars: BDN All-Maine Schoolgirl Basketball teams, 1977 to 2017 UMass Lowell sweeps UMaine baseball team; Black Bears drop ninth straight BDN All-Maine Schoolgirl Basketball Team stats; honorable mention list Red Sox season preview: Life after Big Papi DEAR LIZ In a custody battle can kids choose where they live? Truck loses 10 tree-length logs on way south on Route 161 into Caribou| SLOWER TRAFFIC Are we Driving Ourselves to the Poorhouse? BDN PORTLAND Council strikes compromise on school renovations PETER PETER PORTLAND EATER AT BDN Pub wins with tempting specials and remarkable consistency Energy-efficiency systems, tiny houses big hits at 47th annual Bangor Home Show In a custody battle can kids choose where they live? New federal produce safety rules focus of public talk Pub wins with tempting specials and remarkable consistency ‘It’ trailer sets record for most online views in single day Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs Top Stories Eternal unrest: A heartbroken father died never knowing what happened to his missing son New facility helps prepare women inmates for release April Fools’ storm dumps more than foot of snow in parts of Portland New opioid rules largely silent on veterinarian concerns Trooper assists with crash, helps bring Lombardi trophy to Bangor Similar Articles 4.2.2012 Raises at the University of Maine System 2006-2012 11.22.2011 Bayer may have marketed birth-control pill for risky uses 10.7.2016 A new study says birth control pills may make you depressed, but that’s not news to many women 10.10.2016 A new study says birth control pills may make you depressed. That’s not news to many women 8.12.2015 The military doesn't pay for women soldiers to have abortions, yet access to birth control is also difficult More in Health   New male contraceptive is safe, effective, inexpensive – and can’t find a company to sell it   What to do when you’re not losing weight   Eternal unrest: A heartbroken father died never knowing what happened to his missing son   Are we Driving Ourselves to the Poorhouse?   Two years after it closed, women’s service center being reconsidered by UMaine Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
News Nation & World New male contraceptive is safe, effective and inexpensive — but no company has agreed to sell it Male contraceptive Sumit Dayal / Bloomberg A research assistant prepares a syringe inside a pharmacy glovebox at the reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance male contraceptive treatment research and development laboratory at Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur in Kharagpur, West Bengal, India, on Feb. 16, 2017. A research assistant prepares a syringe inside a pharmacy glovebox at the reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance male contraceptive treatment research and development laboratory at Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur in Kharagpur, West Bengal, India, on Feb. 16, 2017. (Sumit Dayal / Bloomberg) Ari AltstedterBloomberg Doctors are on the cusp of launching the first new male contraceptive in more than a century. But rather than a Big Pharma lab, the breakthrough is emerging from a university startup in the heart of rural India. Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Results so far show it's safe, effective and easy to use-but gaining little traction with drugmakers. That's frustrating its inventor, who says his technique could play a crucial role in condom-averse populations. A new birth control method for men has the potential to win as much as half the $10 billion market for female contraceptives worldwide and cut into the $3.2 billion of annual condom sales, businesses dominated by pharmaceutical giants Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc. and Merck & Co., according to estimates from the last major drug company to explore the area. India's reversible procedure could cost as little as $10 in poor countries, and may provide males with years-long fertility control, overcoming compliance problems and avoiding ongoing costs associated with condoms and the female birth-control pill, which is usually taken daily. It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries, who the World Health Organization says have an unmet need for contraception. Yet so far only a U.S. non-profit has taken up development of the technology abroad. Male contraceptive Sumit Dayal / Bloomberg "Why should the burden be borne by the female only?" says biomedical engineer Sujoy Guha, inventor of the reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance male contraceptive treatment, shown in a research laboratory at Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur in Kharagpur, West Bengal, India, on Feb. 16, 2017. "Why should the burden be borne by the female only?" says biomedical engineer Sujoy Guha, inventor of the reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance male contraceptive treatment, shown in a research laboratory at Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur in Kharagpur, West Bengal, India, on Feb. 16, 2017. (Sumit Dayal / Bloomberg) For Sujoy Guha, 76, the biomedical engineer who invented the product, the challenge is to find a company that wants to sell it. But male contraception is an area Big Pharma has so far shown little interest in. "The fact that the big companies are run by white, middle-aged males who have the same feeling-that they would never do it-plays a major role," said Herjan Coelingh Bennink, a gynecology professor who helped develop the contraceptives Implanon and Cerazette as head of research and development in women's health for Organon International from 1987 to 2000. "If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different." Guha's technique for impairing male fertility relies on a polymer gel that's injected into the sperm-carrying tubes in the scrotum. The gel, which has the consistency of melted chocolate, carries a positive charge that acts as a buffer on negatively charged sperm, damaging their heads and tails, and rendering them infertile. The treatment, known as reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance, or RISUG, is reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, allowing sperm to reach the penis normally. The expected launch of RISUG over the next two years will contribute to the Indian contraceptive market's 17 percent growth through 2021, according to a report last year from Pharmaion Consultants, based near New Delhi. The procedure is 98 percent effective at preventing pregnancy-about the same as condoms if they are used every time-and has no major side effects, according to R. S. Sharma, head of reproductive biology and maternal health at the Indian Council of Medical Research. About 540 men have received it in India, where it continues to prevent pregnancies in their partners 13 years after treatment, he said. A submission to regulators this year will seek approval for RISUG as a permanent method of birth control. That will be appended with clinical data supporting reversibility, Sharma said. India has more married women with an unmet need for family planning than any other country, and social stigma and a lack of privacy in stores has kept condom use to less than 6 percent. Male birth control in a shot: Promising, but more work needed Dennis Thompson A birth control shot for men shows some promise, but researchers are still struggling to improve its effectiveness and deal with severe side effects caused by the injections. Only four pregnancies were associated with the 266 men receiving the treatment, which is an effectiveness rate comparable... A birth control shot for men shows some promise, but researchers are still struggling to improve its effectiveness and deal with severe side effects caused by the injections. Only four pregnancies were associated with the 266 men receiving the treatment, which is an effectiveness rate comparable... (Dennis Thompson) Globally, men tend to take a back seat in matters of contraception. Almost 60 percent of women in spousal relationships used the contraceptive pill or some other form of modern contraception worldwide in 2015, according to a United Nations report. In contrast, 8 percent relied on their male partner using a condom. A new option for male birth control could garner as much as half the female contraceptives market, according to research by Organon in the 1990s, when the Dutch drugmaker partnered with Germany's Schering AG on the last major effort to develop a male birth control pill. Demand would come from couples in long-term relationships looking to share family-planning responsibilities and single men looking for an alternative to condoms to prevent an unintended pregnancy from casual sex, Coelingh Bennink said. Still, there were questions at Organon about whether it would be worthwhile financially to develop a new entrant in the low-margin contraceptives market, and the project was eventually shelved, he said. Efforts on a hormone-based male contraceptive continued in 2008 in a study co-funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and UN agencies that was published in October. While the injected regimen's efficacy was "relatively good" compared to other methods, the study was terminated early after a safety review. The authors noted a "relatively high" frequency of mild to moderate mood disorders, sparking a media uproar over perceived double standards in the development of contraceptives because the side effects seemed similar to those women experience on the pill. Bayer, which bought Schering in 2006, stopped all research and development activities around male fertility control about a decade ago, said Astrid Kranz, a company spokeswoman. Male contraceptive Sumit Dayal / Bloomberg Research assistants work at the reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance male contraceptive treatment research and development laboratory at the Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur in Kharagpur, West Bengal, India, on Feb. 16, 2017. Research assistants work at the reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance male contraceptive treatment research and development laboratory at the Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur in Kharagpur, West Bengal, India, on Feb. 16, 2017. (Sumit Dayal / Bloomberg) Although an earlier clinical trial involving the administration of hormones via injection and an implant was "efficient, with a tolerable side effect profile," Kranz said, the Leverkusen, Germany-based drugmaker wasn't convinced this "inconvenient" regimen would find sufficient market acceptance. Male contraception isn't an area of active research for Pfizer and Merck either, representatives said. Both companies sell products for female fertility control. Side effects aside, it would take about $100 million and 10 years to bring a hormone-based male birth control pill to market-a low-priority undertaking for pharmaceutical executives, Coelingh Bennink said. That's now the dilemma Indian inventor Guha faces. "In doing anything abroad, quite substantial money is required, and that can only come from the pharmaceutical industry," Guha said, surrounded by dusty stacks of paper, books and prototype inventions that bury every surface in his office at the Indian Institute of Technology in Kharagpur, about 80 miles west of Kolkata. In the face of disinterest from the pharmaceutical industry, Guha licensed the technology to the Parsemus Foundation, a U.S.-based non-profit, to help establish a market for it outside India, he said. Parsemus is working on its own version, called Vasalgel, that it plans to manufacture and distribute at near cost-or potentially $10 to $20 per person in low- and middle-income countries-and $400 to $600 per person in wealthier markets, Elaine Lissner, the foundation's founder, said in an email. The foundation, based in Berkeley, California, is seeking donations to fund costly human trials starting next year after a study in 16 rhesus monkeys published last month showed Vasalgel was successful in preventing conception while the primates fraternized with females for 5 to 24 months. The IUD rush: Women seek out birth control that can outlast a presidency Lisa Bonos The day after President Donald Trump's inauguration, millions of women of all ages marched in the streets of major cities. In the past few months, there's been another, quieter march that's far more personal, yet still political. If you're not a woman of childbearing age or a health care provider,... The day after President Donald Trump's inauguration, millions of women of all ages marched in the streets of major cities. In the past few months, there's been another, quieter march that's far more personal, yet still political. If you're not a woman of childbearing age or a health care provider,... (Lisa Bonos) Guha meantime has registered a startup in India called IcubedG Ideas Pvt. Ltd. through which he is pushing ahead with introducing the technology in his home country. He leased space in a New Delhi industrial zone in January after developing a method of mass production using a government grant. Three couples who participated in the clinical trials gathered in his Kharagpur office in February to attest to the need. Kinkar Ari, 39, a day laborer from a nearby village, said that when he and his wife decided they didn't want more children they had a choice between tubal ligation for her or vasectomy for him, but neither could afford the time off to recuperate from the surgery. When a public health worker told the couple about Guha's promising alternative, Ari decided to enroll in the study. The injection took 15 minutes with local anesthesia, and after half an hour of observation at the clinic, he said, he was able to walk the 2.5 kilometers home. Two days later, he was back at work. Ari was so enthused by the procedure he convinced two other couples to have it done, he said. Such stories encourage Guha to persist, he said, even though patents on his invention have long since expired and he won't see any personal financial gain even if it takes off worldwide. "Why should the burden be borne by the female only?" he said in his office after the three couples had left. "There has to be an equal partnership." With assistance from Jared S Hopkins and Johannes Koch. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune States push to protect birth control despite failed GOP health care bill CBO: Defunding Planned Parenthood would lead to thousands more births In health care defeat, Trump learns a costly lesson that could imperil his agenda Sports Breaking RedEye Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 44°
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for Statesman.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your Statesman.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your Statesman.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your Statesman.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your Statesman.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on Statesman.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Jobs Cars Homes Classified 70 15 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 70 15 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home News close subnav open subnav All News Elections Local News 85th Texas Legislature Crime & Law Austin Booking Mugshots Obituaries Weather Nation & World Business 512Tech Opinion Investigates In the News Send a News Tip Season for Caring 2016 City Council Austin Booking Mugshots PolitiFact Texas Latest News Video News Blogs The Blotter All Ablog Austin More News Blogs Sports close subnav open subnav All Sports Texas Longhorns Hookem.com Recruiting  Big 12 Texas A&M Aggies College Football High School Sports F1 & Racing Area Pro Teams Newsletter Sign-up SEC Country In the News Game Week Charlie Strong Cap 10K Latest Sports Videos Sports Blogs Bevo Beat Varsity News More Sports Blogs Austin360 close subnav open subnav All Austin360 Music Food & Drink Movies & TV Arts & culture Home & Leisure Newsletter Sign-up Austin360 Amphitheater Statesman Skyline Theater Camp Guide 2017 In the News ACL Fest SXSW X Games Latest Entertainment Videos Austin360 Blogs Austin Music Source The Feed TV Radio & Blogs More Austin360 Blogs ¡Ahora Si! close subnav open subnav All Ahora Si Reportajes Noticias Locales Noticias Nacionales Internacionales México Deportes Entretenimiento Opinión Newsletter Sign-up More ¡Ahora Si! Ediciόn Digital Clasificados EventosLatest ¡Ahora Si! videos Neighborhoods close subnav open subnav All Neighborhoods Bastrop Round Rock Cedar Park-Leander Lakeway-Bee Cave Pflugerville Smithville Westlake Austin Newcomer’s Guide Newsletter Sign-up More News Latest News Videos Things to Do Local News High School Sports Weather Things to do close subnav open subnav All Things to Do Search Events Movie Showtimes Add a Listing Upcoming Events Austin360 App Newsletter Sign-up More Events A-List Photos NightLife Guide Austin Scoop Austin360 Amphitheater Statesman Skyline Theater More close subnav open subnav All More Place a classified Advertise with us Partner Content Print + Digital eTearsheets Place an obituary Top Workplaces 2016 Home Improvement Ask the Experts My Local Local Ads Recognizing Nurses Customer Service Archives Careers at Statesman  Commenting policy FAQs Photo and page reprints Send a news tip Subscriber services Subscribe to e-mail newsletters 70 Austin, TX  78702 15 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | StatesmanMedia.com ©2017 Cox Media Group Shortcuts Statesman Home Statesman Jobs Statesman Cars Classifieds Obituaries Contact Us Customer Care Digital Products Subscribe Explore These Products Statesman.com Austin360.com AhoraSi.com MyStatesman.com Statesman ePaper Statesman Weather App Statesman Live App Austin360 App Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Merck mulling 600-job IT center in Austin; will seek city incentives 0 Merck mulling 600-job IT center in Austin; will seek city incentives 0 Dan Zehr American-Statesman Staff 12:23 p.m Friday, March 31, 2017 Statesman Homepage 0 Statesman Homepage View CaptionHide Caption An exterior photo of Merck headquarters in Kenilworth, N.J. Merck, the global pharmaceutical and health care firm, is considering Austin for a new technology center that could create up to 600 jobs and serve as a major anchor for the innovation district emerging around the Dell Medical School. According to city fillings made public this morning, Merck will request $856,000 from the city in performance-based incentives over a 10-year period. In exchange, the company would provide the new jobs, which pay an average annual salary of $84,586, the city’s economic development department said in a release. According to a draft economic development proposal, the company also would invest almost $29 million in facilities and equipment by 2023. The project would establish a new Merck tech hub “focused on digital health and other information technology solutions,” the city’s release said. A memo from department director Kevin Johns said the project would “elevate the status of our bio and life-sciences industry to the level of other global (Merck) locations such as Prague … and Singapore.” The Greater Austin Chamber of Commerce said the project “would be a really good fit for Austin.” Merck and the Dell Medical School have not struck a formal partnership, but Clay Johnston, dean of the school, said such partnerships “could create unique opportunities to fulfill our mission in different and far-reaching ways.” “We have discussed projects and initiatives to improve health, reduce inequities, improve patient outcomes and lower community health costs, potentially ranging from an effort to eradicate human papillomavirus (HPV) and cervical cancer in Austin, to pilot projects around better uses of health data, to community-based programs that increase the pipeline from schools in to the health professions,” Johnston said in a written statement. “These kinds of initiatives would be difficult to achieve without a relationship with this specific kind of collaborator.” More details to follow. View Comments 0 Most Read 3 dead after car, chartered bus crash on Texas 71 near Spicewood WEATHER UPDATE: Powerful storm could bring heavy rain, hail in morning Husband having sex with wife in fatal DUI crash gets 5 years Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 70 78702 15 Most Read 3 dead after car, chartered bus crash on Texas 71 near Spicewood WEATHER UPDATE: Powerful storm could bring heavy rain, hail in morning Husband having sex with wife in fatal DUI crash gets 5 years Things To Do Add Event + See More More from statesman.com Topics News Sports Austin360 Ahora Si Neighborhoods Things To Do Nation & World Ford recalls 52,000 pickup trucks that could roll while in park Nation & World Husband having sex with wife in fatal DUI crash gets 5 years News More events for Monday, April 3, and beyond Local Student philanthropy projects offer deeper understanding of community Sports 2017 Final Four: Scores, bracket, schedule for Saturday (4/1/17) NCAA Tournament games Sports North Carolina-Gonzaga betting odds: Point spread for 2017 national championship game Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | StatesmanMedia.com ©2017 Cox Media Group Close Sections news sports longhorns austin360 neighborhoods ahora si weather traffic Partners find & save coupons kudzu mystatesman Shortcuts obituaries community development cap10k contact us careers advertise with us faqs / help newstips photo and page reprints Fun games A-List Photos Follow Us facebook twitter instagram youtube Member Center sign in manage your profile Utilities archives weather traffic other statesman products sitemap PRODUCTS From Statesman.com Austin360.com AhoraSi.com MyStatesman.com Austin360 App Statesman Live App Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Current Affairs » News » Health Salt intake: Some facts and myths Business Standard Indian start-up develops first male contraceptive It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries Ari Altstedter  April 1, 2017 Last Updated at 21:16 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUqJ87 ALSO READ Glenmark partners Evestra to market contraceptive product in US Glenmark, Evestra enter pact for generic contraceptive product Indians now use birth control pills, condoms more: Family health survey TB control plan targets 79% fewer cases by 2025, seeks 4 times more money Indian maternal health-care needs more male workers. Here's why Doctors are on the cusp of launching a male contraceptive in more than a century. But rather than a big pharma lab, the breakthrough is emerging from a university start-up in the heart of rural India. Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Results so far show it’s safe, effective and easy to use—but gaining little traction with drugmakers. That’s frustrating its inventor, who says his technique could play a crucial role in condom-averse populations.   A new birth control method for men has the potential to win as much as half the $10 billion market for female contraceptives worldwide and cut into the $3.2 billion of annual condom sales, businesses dominated by pharmaceutical giants Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc and Merck & Co, according to estimates from the last major drug company to explore the area. India’s reversible procedure could cost as little as $10 in poor countries, and may provide males with years-long fertility control, overcoming compliance problems and avoiding ongoing costs associated with condoms and the female birth-control pill, which is usually taken daily.   It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries, who the World Health Organization says have an unmet need for contraception. Yet, so far only a US non-profit has taken up development of the technology abroad. For Sujoy Guha, the 76-year-old biomedical engineer who invented the product, the challenge is to now find a company who wants to sell it—even though male contraception is an area Big Pharma has so far shown little interest in. “The fact that the big companies are run by white, middle-aged males who have the same feeling—that they would never do it—plays a major role,” said Herjan Coelingh Bennink, a gynecology professor who helped develop the contraceptives Implanon and Cerazette as head of research and development in women’s health for Organon International from 1987 to 2000. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.”   Guha’s technique for impairing male fertility relies on a polymer gel that’s injected into the sperm-carrying tubes in the scrotum. The gel, which has the consistency of melted chocolate, carries a positive charge that acts as a buffer on negatively charged sperm, damaging their heads and tails, and rendering them infertile.   The treatment, known as reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance, or RISUG, is reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, allowing sperm to reach the penis normally. The expected launch of RISUG over the next two years will contribute to the Indian contraceptive market’s 17 percent growth through 2021, according to a report last year from Pharmaion Consultants, based near New Delhi. The procedure is 98 per cent effective at preventing pregnancy—about the same as condoms if they are used every time—and has no major side effects, according to R S Sharma, head of reproductive biology and maternal health at the Indian Council of Medical Research. About 540 men have received it in India, where it continues to prevent pregnancies in their partners 13 years after treatment, he said.   A submission to regulators this year will seek approval for RISUG as a permanent method of birth control. That will be appended with clinical data supporting reversibility, Sharma said. India has more married women with an unmet need for family planning than any other country, and social stigma and a lack of privacy in stores has kept condom use to less than six per cent.   Globally, men tend to take a back seat in matters of contraception. Almost 60 per cent of women in spousal relationships used the contraceptive pill or some other form of modern contraception worldwide in 2015, according to a United Nations report. In contrast, 8 per cent relied on their male partner using a condom.   A new option for male birth control could garner as much as half the female contraceptives market, according to research by Organon in the 1990s, when the Dutch drugmaker partnered with Germany’s Schering AG on the last major effort to develop a male birth control pill. Demand would come from couples in long-term relationships looking to share family-planning responsibilities and single men looking for an alternative to condoms to prevent an unintended pregnancy from casual sex, Coelingh Bennink said. Still, there were questions at Organon about whether it would be worthwhile financially to develop a new entrant in the low-margin contraceptives market, and the project was eventually shelved, he said.   Efforts on a hormone-based male contraceptive continued in 2008 in a study co-funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and UN agencies that was published in October. While the injected regimen’s efficacy was “relatively good” compared to other methods, the study was terminated early after a safety review. The authors noted a “relatively high” frequency of mild to moderate mood disorders, sparking a media uproar over perceived double standards in the development of contraceptives because the side effects seemed similar to those women experience on the pill.  Read More On Male Contraceptive | Contraceptive | Birth Control | World Health Organization | Sujoy Guha | Current Affairs | Health PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels The 'One' Sedan the World's Elite Prefer to Drive Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Indian start-up develops first male contraceptive It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries Doctors are on the cusp of launching a male contraceptive in more than a century. But rather than a big pharma lab, the breakthrough is emerging from a university start-up in the heart of rural India. Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Results so far show it’s safe, effective and easy to use—but gaining little traction with drugmakers. That’s frustrating its inventor, who says his technique could play a crucial role in condom-averse populations.   A new birth control method for men has the potential to win as much as half the $10 billion market for female contraceptives worldwide and cut into the $3.2 billion of annual condom sales, businesses dominated by pharmaceutical giants Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc and Merck & Co, according to estimates from the last major drug company to explore the area. India’s reversible procedure could cost as little as $10 in poor countries, and may provide males with years-long fertility control, overcoming compliance problems and avoiding ongoing costs associated with condoms and the female birth-control pill, which is usually taken daily.   It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries, who the World Health Organization says have an unmet need for contraception. Yet, so far only a US non-profit has taken up development of the technology abroad. For Sujoy Guha, the 76-year-old biomedical engineer who invented the product, the challenge is to now find a company who wants to sell it—even though male contraception is an area Big Pharma has so far shown little interest in. “The fact that the big companies are run by white, middle-aged males who have the same feeling—that they would never do it—plays a major role,” said Herjan Coelingh Bennink, a gynecology professor who helped develop the contraceptives Implanon and Cerazette as head of research and development in women’s health for Organon International from 1987 to 2000. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.”   Guha’s technique for impairing male fertility relies on a polymer gel that’s injected into the sperm-carrying tubes in the scrotum. The gel, which has the consistency of melted chocolate, carries a positive charge that acts as a buffer on negatively charged sperm, damaging their heads and tails, and rendering them infertile.   The treatment, known as reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance, or RISUG, is reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, allowing sperm to reach the penis normally. The expected launch of RISUG over the next two years will contribute to the Indian contraceptive market’s 17 percent growth through 2021, according to a report last year from Pharmaion Consultants, based near New Delhi. The procedure is 98 per cent effective at preventing pregnancy—about the same as condoms if they are used every time—and has no major side effects, according to R S Sharma, head of reproductive biology and maternal health at the Indian Council of Medical Research. About 540 men have received it in India, where it continues to prevent pregnancies in their partners 13 years after treatment, he said.   A submission to regulators this year will seek approval for RISUG as a permanent method of birth control. That will be appended with clinical data supporting reversibility, Sharma said. India has more married women with an unmet need for family planning than any other country, and social stigma and a lack of privacy in stores has kept condom use to less than six per cent.   Globally, men tend to take a back seat in matters of contraception. Almost 60 per cent of women in spousal relationships used the contraceptive pill or some other form of modern contraception worldwide in 2015, according to a United Nations report. In contrast, 8 per cent relied on their male partner using a condom.   A new option for male birth control could garner as much as half the female contraceptives market, according to research by Organon in the 1990s, when the Dutch drugmaker partnered with Germany’s Schering AG on the last major effort to develop a male birth control pill. Demand would come from couples in long-term relationships looking to share family-planning responsibilities and single men looking for an alternative to condoms to prevent an unintended pregnancy from casual sex, Coelingh Bennink said. Still, there were questions at Organon about whether it would be worthwhile financially to develop a new entrant in the low-margin contraceptives market, and the project was eventually shelved, he said.   Efforts on a hormone-based male contraceptive continued in 2008 in a study co-funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and UN agencies that was published in October. While the injected regimen’s efficacy was “relatively good” compared to other methods, the study was terminated early after a safety review. The authors noted a “relatively high” frequency of mild to moderate mood disorders, sparking a media uproar over perceived double standards in the development of contraceptives because the side effects seemed similar to those women experience on the pill.  Ari Altstedter Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Indian start-up develops first male contraceptive It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries Doctors are on the cusp of launching a male contraceptive in more than a century. But rather than a big pharma lab, the breakthrough is emerging from a university start-up in the heart of rural India. Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Results so far show it’s safe, effective and easy to use—but gaining little traction with drugmakers. That’s frustrating its inventor, who says his technique could play a crucial role in condom-averse populations.   A new birth control method for men has the potential to win as much as half the $10 billion market for female contraceptives worldwide and cut into the $3.2 billion of annual condom sales, businesses dominated by pharmaceutical giants Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc and Merck & Co, according to estimates from the last major drug company to explore the area. India’s reversible procedure could cost as little as $10 in poor countries, and may provide males with years-long fertility control, overcoming compliance problems and avoiding ongoing costs associated with condoms and the female birth-control pill, which is usually taken daily.   It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries, who the World Health Organization says have an unmet need for contraception. Yet, so far only a US non-profit has taken up development of the technology abroad. For Sujoy Guha, the 76-year-old biomedical engineer who invented the product, the challenge is to now find a company who wants to sell it—even though male contraception is an area Big Pharma has so far shown little interest in. “The fact that the big companies are run by white, middle-aged males who have the same feeling—that they would never do it—plays a major role,” said Herjan Coelingh Bennink, a gynecology professor who helped develop the contraceptives Implanon and Cerazette as head of research and development in women’s health for Organon International from 1987 to 2000. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.”   Guha’s technique for impairing male fertility relies on a polymer gel that’s injected into the sperm-carrying tubes in the scrotum. The gel, which has the consistency of melted chocolate, carries a positive charge that acts as a buffer on negatively charged sperm, damaging their heads and tails, and rendering them infertile.   The treatment, known as reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance, or RISUG, is reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, allowing sperm to reach the penis normally. The expected launch of RISUG over the next two years will contribute to the Indian contraceptive market’s 17 percent growth through 2021, according to a report last year from Pharmaion Consultants, based near New Delhi. The procedure is 98 per cent effective at preventing pregnancy—about the same as condoms if they are used every time—and has no major side effects, according to R S Sharma, head of reproductive biology and maternal health at the Indian Council of Medical Research. About 540 men have received it in India, where it continues to prevent pregnancies in their partners 13 years after treatment, he said.   A submission to regulators this year will seek approval for RISUG as a permanent method of birth control. That will be appended with clinical data supporting reversibility, Sharma said. India has more married women with an unmet need for family planning than any other country, and social stigma and a lack of privacy in stores has kept condom use to less than six per cent.   Globally, men tend to take a back seat in matters of contraception. Almost 60 per cent of women in spousal relationships used the contraceptive pill or some other form of modern contraception worldwide in 2015, according to a United Nations report. In contrast, 8 per cent relied on their male partner using a condom.   A new option for male birth control could garner as much as half the female contraceptives market, according to research by Organon in the 1990s, when the Dutch drugmaker partnered with Germany’s Schering AG on the last major effort to develop a male birth control pill. Demand would come from couples in long-term relationships looking to share family-planning responsibilities and single men looking for an alternative to condoms to prevent an unintended pregnancy from casual sex, Coelingh Bennink said. Still, there were questions at Organon about whether it would be worthwhile financially to develop a new entrant in the low-margin contraceptives market, and the project was eventually shelved, he said.   Efforts on a hormone-based male contraceptive continued in 2008 in a study co-funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and UN agencies that was published in October. While the injected regimen’s efficacy was “relatively good” compared to other methods, the study was terminated early after a safety review. The authors noted a “relatively high” frequency of mild to moderate mood disorders, sparking a media uproar over perceived double standards in the development of contraceptives because the side effects seemed similar to those women experience on the pill.  Ari Altstedter Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: The Worst-Case Scenario for Gilead Sciences, Inc. Could nothing but doom and despair be ahead for Gilead Sciences? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Apr 1, 2017 at 6:41AM The sun will come out tomorrow.  Like Little Orphan Annie, Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD) shareholders are hoping better things are right around the corner. For the last year, the days have certainly been gray for the big biotech. I recently described a best-case scenario for Gilead, where everything goes its way. But what if that's not how things unfold? Here's what a worst-case scenario for the biotech might look like. Image source: Getty Images. 1. Hepatitis C horror Gilead estimates that sales for its hepatitis C virus (HCV) drugs will plunge between 39% and 49% this year compared to 2016. The biotech's actual results last year came closer to the low end of its outlook than the high end. History could very well repeat itself. Company executives won't even try to predict when HCV sales might stabilize. In a worst-case scenario for Gilead, that stabilization happens soon -- but with much lower revenue than anyone expected. How could that happen? It would require payers to keep their purse strings tightened when it comes to reimbursing for patients who aren't as sick. AbbVie winnning regulatory approval for its next-gen HCV combo and following it up by grabbing a significant chunk of Epclusa's market share would add to Gilead's woes. Throw in a political deal in Washington that allows Medicare to negotiate drug prices makes for a perfect recipe for a hepatitis C horror story for Gilead. 2. Milligan doesn't get a mulligan At least Gilead can count on its solid HIV franchise. The company has a new HIV therapy on the way, a bictegravir/F/TAF combination, that has been called its "Mount Everest."  CEO John Milligan doesn't seem to be worried about a potential threat from GlaxoSmithKline's (NYSE:GSK) two-drug combo that's in late-stage clinical studies. He thinks the safety and consistency of Gilead's triplet therapy will prevail over GlaxoSmithKline's product in the real world. However, Glaxo's combo includes a generic drug. That means its price can be set considerably lower than what Gilead will charge for its regimen. Merck (NYSE:MRK) is also developing a two-drug combo featuring a generic drug. Gilead's product might be better, but the price tag matters to payers.   If Milligan is wrong in his thinking, there isn't much of a backup strategy for Gilead. Its only other HIV drug in the pipeline (other than Descovy for pre-exposure prophylaxis) is in a phase 1 clinical study.  Of course, there is an even worse scenario. If the bictegravir/F/TAF combo somehow failed to win regulatory approval, "Mount Everest" won't even be the size of a molehill. I don't see that happening, but never say never when it comes to the regulatory approval process. 3. Pipeline springs leaks Gilead endured its fair share of pipeline setbacks in 2016. Eleclazine, GS-4997, GS-5745, and momelotinib all ran into problems. What if the unlucky streak continues?  Although GS-4997 wasn't successful in treating pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) or diabetic kidney disease (DKD), Gilead has high hopes for the experimental drug in treating non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). The ASK-1 inhibitor is currently in a late-stage clinical study. Serious problems could crush the biotech's hopes of winning in the potentially lucrative NASH market. Another pipeline candidate with a lot of promise is JAK1 inhibitor filgotinib. The drug is being evaluated in late-stage studies for treatment of three indications: Crohn's disease, rheumatoid arthritis, and ulcerative colitis. The worst-case scenario would be for filgotinib to flop in those studies. Gilead could potentially face headwinds even if the drug wins regulatory approval. The autoimmune disease market is already crowded. It's possible that filgotinib could fail to meet revenue expectations. 4. Buyout bust A lot of investors (including yours truly) have pinned their hopes on Gilead making one or more smart acquisitions. John Milligan has publicly stated that the company fully intends to beef up its pipeline and is especially interested in the oncology area. I see two possibilities where Gilead might fumble in its acquisition strategy. One is that the company could pay too much. Perhaps the biggest worry is that Gilead might make a run at Incyte (NASDAQ:INCY) with others jumping into the fray. Incyte's market cap already stands at $28 billion. A bidding war could drive the price up so much that Gilead might win the battle but lose the war. Another bad scenario is that Gilead thinks too small. While investors wouldn't react kindly to the biotech overpaying by a hefty margin for a buyout, neither would they welcome a deal that didn't significantly improve Gilead's growth prospects.  The trick for Gilead is to acquire Incyte (or perhaps multiple smaller biotechs) that would generate enthusiasm without blowing all of its money in doing so. That's a trick that could prove to be, well, tricky. Bet your bottom dollar? If all four of these scenarios come to pass, Gilead Sciences is a cash cow that will run out of milk in the not-too-distant future. Will it really be this bad? I doubt it. HCV sales might not look pretty this year or in the following years, but Gilead will still make plenty of money from its franchise. Even one analyst who thinks GlaxoSmithKline and Merck might mount a challenge to Gilead's "Mount Everest" calls the company's triplet therapy the "gold standard" for HIV. The chances of success for GS-4997 and filgotinib seem better than the chances for failure, based on prior clinical results.  As for the buyout picture, John Milligan has made it clear that Gilead will be "thoughtful and disciplined" in making acquisitions -- even though some want the biotech to forge ahead prices be damned. That doesn't sound like a CEO willing to overspend. At the same time, there are hints that Gilead is preparing for a major acquisition (or maybe several smaller ones that add up to a large sum of money). Little Orphan Annie sang that you can bet your bottom dollar there'll be sun tomorrow. I'd take her bet rather than the worst-case scenario for Gilead Sciences. Keith Speights owns shares of AbbVie and Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool has the following options: short June 2017 $70 calls on Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Apr 1, 2017 at 6:41AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.54 up $0.09 (0.14%) GlaxoSmithKline NYSE:GSK $42.16 down $0.32 (-0.75%) Gilead Sciences NASDAQ:GILD $67.92 up $0.39 (0.58%) Incyte NASDAQ:INCY $133.67 down $-4.10 (-2.98%) Read More Why I Just Bought More Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. 3 Top Healthcare Stocks to Buy Now Better Buy: Illumina or Gilead Sciences? 3 Underdog Stocks We're Watching Closely 4 Stocks to Buy Near 52-Week Lows Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360 Market Updates Tweet   Antidiabetics Sales Market by Key Players, Product and Production Information analysis and forecast to 2022 Antidiabetics Sales Market is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of Antidiabetics Sales market. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the Antidiabetics Sales Market industry and chain structure are giv   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 01, 2017 ) The Antidiabetics Sales Market analysis of an industry is a crucial thing for various stakeholders like investors, CEOs, traders, suppliers and others. The Antidiabetics Sales Market industry research report is a resource, which provides current as well as upcoming technical and financial details of the industry. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Antidiabetics Sales Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10444178 Next part of the Antidiabetics Sales Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs and the actual process. Major Manufacturers of Antidiabetics Sales Market: Novo Nordisk Sanofi Eli Lilly GlaxoSmithKline Merck MannKind Takeda And more. Regions of Global Antidiabetics Sales Market: United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India After the basic information, the Antidiabetics Sales Market report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, production and revenue are studied. Also, the Antidiabetics Sales market growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered. Types of Antidiabetics Sales Market: - Rapid Acting Long Acting Short Acting Others Applications of Antidiabetics Sales Market: - Hospital Clinic Get Sample PDF of report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10444178 Further in the report, the Antidiabetics Sales market is examined for price, cost and gross. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. The Antidiabetics Sales Market industry consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Following are Major Table of Content of Antidiabetics Sales Industry: Antidiabetics Sales Market Competition by Manufacturers Production, Revenue (Value) by Region Antidiabetics Sales Market Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions Antidiabetics Sales Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type Antidiabetics Sales Market Analysis by Application Antidiabetics Sales Industry Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis Antidiabetics Sales Market Manufacturing Cost Analysis Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Antidiabetics Sales market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross consumption and revenue is provided for better understanding. Their contact information is given. In this Antidiabetics Sales market analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the report. No of Pages: 114 Price of Report: $ 4000 (Single User Licence) Purchase This Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10444178 Contact Information: 360 Market Updates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Mais um site WordPress Toggle navigation Home Greensavers Greensavers: Análise Análise GS: Rapper Will.i.am foi a Oxford falar de alterações climáticas. Mas apareceu de helicóptero. Análise GS: O perfil do consultor de sustentabilidade Emprego: Agora é uma cidade alemã que quer contratar (muitos) portugueses Green Savers TV Rio+20: que futuro quer para o Planeta (VÍDEO) Angola: crianças completam a frase “se eu mandasse no mundo…” (VÍDEO) Dica: como poupar €55 (R$143) por ano em água (VÍDEO) Insólito Big Major Cay: a ilha das Bahamas onde suínos e humanos podem nadar juntos Coelho com doença rara causadora de chifres na cabeça fotografado (com FOTOS) Cão responde a ordens do dono mudando a expressão facial (com VÍDEO) Opinião Opinião de Luís Gil, LNEG: A cortiça e o sequestro de carbono Opinião, Álvaro Cidrais: “Maldita Educação” Carolina Afonso: Os novos paradigmas do consumo sustentável Tecnologia Londres transforma cabines telefónicas icónicas em pontos de carregamento solar Nova aplicação permite diagnóstico médico via smartphone Angola: tecnologias ambientais crescem 75% entre 2011 e 2013 Ambiente Ambiente: Ambiente Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Alterações Climáticas Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Sustentabilidade da Hidroeléctrica do Gove distinguida pelas Nações Unidas China vai abater milhões de carros para melhorar a qualidade do ar Biodiversidade Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Cervo “vampiro” de Caxemira considerado extinto avistado pela primeira vez desde 1948 Educação Ambiental Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Tijolos tipo Lego vão levar reflorestação, acesso a água potável e educação aos mais carenciados Universidade angolana abre novo programa de bolsas Política Índia culpa activistas ambientais pelos problemas económicos do país Como será África em 2063? Vinte mil animais foram mortos em Nova Iorque nos últimos dois anos Reciclagem Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Adidas lança ténis feitos de papelão reciclado em Abril de 2014 Chitato vai contratar nova empresa para recolher e tratar resíduos sólidos Recursos Naturais Preços elevados do ouro estão a impulsionar a desflorestação na América do Sul Será que esta luxuosa embalagem o convencerá a comer o que está no interior? Angola: terrenos da reserva fundiária de Kaluapanda estão livres de minas Cidades Cidades: Interior do País Mauritânia: êxodo rural está a perturbar a ordem social e deixar aldeias sem homens Trabalhar a partir de casa será o futuro da mobilidade sustentável Construção Construção: Eco Design Sol-Char, a sanita sustentável Já plantou um lápis? Veja como o pode fazer. Corticeira Amorim desafia designers a criarem novas aplicações para a cortiça Edifícios Ateliê francês constrói casa sustentável em quatro dias (com FOTOS) Casa orquídea prevê mudar conceito habitacional em Taiwan (com FOTOS) Primeiro hotel subaquático africano inaugurado na Tanzânia (com FOTOS) Energia Energia: Eficiência Energética EcoBreeze vai reduzir o consumo de energia nos centros de dados Fim das lâmpadas incandescentes significaria o encerramento de 250 centrais de carvão 4 tendências para a utilização de energia pelas grandes empresas Energias Alternativas Quénia vai ter a maior central geotérmica de turbina única do mundo Produção de biocombustíveis poderá aumentar doenças transmitidas por mosquitos Filme denuncia fracturação hidráulica na segunda maior reserva de vida selvagem do planeta Energias Renováveis A garrafa reciclada que se transforma numa lâmpada solar (com FOTOS) Angola aposta nas renováveis para solucionar problemas energéticos Alemanha: 74% da energia utilizada no penúltimo fim-de-semana foi renovável Dicas 20 dicas para poupar na luz e no gás Poupança As 10 melhores fotos da Hora do Planeta Wonderbag: um saco que reduz os gastos energéticos a cozinhar em 30% (com fotos) LED vai dominar mercado da iluminação em 2015 Mobilidade Mobilidade: Mobilidade Individual Ford pesquisa carro movido a energia solar para uso diário Londres tem o estacionamento mais caro do mundo A app que prevê os congestionamentos de trânsito Bicicletas Antigo futebolista cria bicicleta de madeira em homenagem a Eusébio (com VÍDEO) Uma bicicleta prática e amiga do ambiente (com FOTOS) Serra Leoa: Mudança na legislação melhora a reputação dos condutores de mototáxis Transportes Públicos Linha férrea vai ligar Angola e Moçambique Japão prepara construção de linha para novo comboio de levitação magnética Investidores chineses vão financiar construção de ferrovias em África Veículos Eléctricos Sistemas de partilha de carros conquistam as empresas Nova Iorque quer 10 mil novos lugares para carros eléctricos Toyota e Microsoft preparam skate eléctrico controlado por gestos Nutrição Nutrição: Hortas Urbanas Serviço público ecológico: ajude a nossa leitora Diana Fontoura a iniciar-se nas hortas domésticas Saúde e Bem-Estar 8 dicas para controlar o peso na Páscoa Beyonce e Jay Z serão vegans durante 22 dias Al Gore tornou-se vegan Segurança Alimentar Coca-Cola financiou estudos que desvalorizam riscos da má alimentação Angola, Brasil e Nações Unidas assinam acordo de cooperação agrónoma Angola no fundo da tabela global da qualidade alimentar (com LISTA) Social Social: Cidadania Hospital de Luanda organiza curso de formação para médicos palhaços As 50 fotos mais inspiradoras de Nelson Mandela (com FOTOS) Abelhas detectam a presença de minas terrestres Comunidades As 15 estradas mais perigosas do mundo (com FOTOS) Os angolanos já valorizam a sustentabilidade dos produtos? Unesco cria programa Brasil-África para acabar com racismo Cultura Ilha de Veneza vai receber projectos de Angola TEDxLuanda regressa a 14 de Junho A obra de arte que se estende nas areias do Sáara (com FOTOS) Eventos Rio+20 chega a Lisboa no próximo dia 14 de Maio Ligando os Pontos: a nova acção global da 350 realiza-se no sábado Rio+20: Brasil vai organizar o Dia Sanduíche. Saiba o que é. Inclusão Social Empresa japonesa desenha carro para cenários de tsunami (com FOTOS) ONU está a utilizar programas de inclusão financeira em África para combater a pobreza rural Bill Gates: em 2035 não haverá países pobres Vida Saudável Vacina experimental contra o ébola já seguiu para a Libéria Londres: quem vive junto de árvores toma menos antidepressivos Ébola poderá infectar entre 550 mil e 1,4 milhões de pessoas até Janeiro de 2015 Voluntariado Projecto de conservação salva crias de pinguins africanos Empresa portuguesa responsável por campanha pela desminagem Empresas lucram com a solidariedade social que promovem Economia Economia: Economia Verde Évora, Portugal: uma lixeira que se transformou em quinta solar (com VÍDEO) Minuto Verde chega pela primeira vez a Angola em 2013 Transição para a Economia Verde pode criar 60 milhões novos empregos Empresas Hugo Bizarro: “Aprender com erros e sucessos de Portugal pode ser um bom caminho para o desenvolvimento da indústria e serviços em Angola” Reviva debate profissionalização da indústria e serviços e o crescimento de Angola A importância da sustentabilidade para o comércio (parte 3) Ética Empresarial H&M chega a África Primeiro hotel em África a obter certificação de turismo responsável é em São Tomé e Príncipe Panasonic oferece 100 mil lanternas solares aos países sem electricidade Inovação Cientistas descobrem mecanismo que causa o “cheiro da chuva” The Real Thing: a máquina que transforma Coca-Cola em água potável (com FOTOS) Jovem nigeriano cria carro movido a energia solar e eólica (com FOTOS) Personal Approach 20 mg Vasotec Discount Trackable Shipping Cátia Fernandes Sem categoria 1 de Abril de 2017 20 mg Vasotec Discount Generic Vasotec How To order Vasotec Now. Vasotec (Enalapril) is used to treat high blood pressure, heart failure, and other heart problems. It is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor which works by helping to relax blood vessels. Generic Vasotec is a cost-saving medication prescribed by  medical physicians worldwide. Generic Vasotec may also be marketed as: Enalapril, Enaladex, Enacard *Vasotec® is a trusted high blood pressure treatment & the first of its kind, by Merck & Co. Rating 4.3 stars, based on 188 comments Price start from $0.56 Per pill Click here to Order Generic Vasotec (Enalapril) NOW! Where To Get Cheap Vasotec Philadelphia Buy Vasotec Online With Prescription Where To Purchase Online Vasotec Sydney Cheapest Enalapril Online Quanto Costa Il Vasotec In Francia Best Site To Buy Enalapril Where To Order Generic Vasotec Belgium Safe Place To Buy Enalapril Achat Cheap Vasotec Norge Köp Online Vasotec Los Angeles Order Generic Vasotec Stockholm Where To Purchase Online Vasotec Usa Achat Du Vasotec Cost Per Tablet Enalapril Buy Brand Name Enalapril Online Enalapril Buy Discounted Generic Enalapril Cheap Online Best Site To Buy Vasotec Online greensavers.sapo.ao generic Avalide cheap Deltasone Generico Sildenafil Citrate 100 mg Sconto greensavers.sapo.ao Enalapril Generic For Sale Acheter Vrais Enalapril Where To Buy Generic Vasotec Europe Achat Generic Vasotec Belgique Vasotec Generic Order Online Paypal Acheter Generic Vasotec Inghilterra Beställ Generic Vasotec España Buy Vasotec By Prescription Combien Online Vasotec Suisse Billig Online Vasotec Toronto Where To Order Online Vasotec Boston Enalapril Purchase Buy Enalapril Half Price Pharmacy Vasotec Cheap Discount Purchase Generic Vasotec San Francisco Beställ Generic Vasotec Holland Cheapest Generic Enalapril Combien Generic Vasotec Finland Enalapril Tablets For Sale France Cheap Vasotec Where To Buy Buy Enalapril Rush Costo Promedio Enalapril Costo Enalapril Farmacia Order Generic Enalapril Where To Order Online Vasotec Los Angeles Buy Vasotec Online Is It Safe Order Enalapril With Mastercard Order Vasotec On Internet Branded Vasotec Cheap Purchase Enalapril Next Day Delivery Cheapest Place To Buy Enalapril Achat Online Vasotec Stockholm Costs Of Enalapril Where To Purchase Online Vasotec Phoenix Vasotec Cash Generic Enalapril Buy Cheap Generic Vasotec Online Achat De Enalapril Original Mail Order Vasotec Generic Buy Enalapril Online Legitimate Generic Enalapril Online Where To Order Safest Place To Buy Vasotec Online Combien Cheap Vasotec France Buy Generic Enalapril With Mastercard How To Buy Vasotec Safely Online Achat Enalapril Par Cheque Buy Vasotec Retail Buy Generic Vasotec Online No Prescription Cost Vasotec Per Pill Buy Vasotec Money Order Ou Acheter Du Enalapril Uk Cheap Vasotec Where To Get Buy Generic Vasotec Usa Buy Enalapril Online By Paypal Enalapril To Order Where To Order Cheap Vasotec España Xenical internet Sverige cheap Zestril buy Aspirin and Dipyridamole buy Celecoxib A62L9 Related Posts Acquista Xalatan Latanoprost / Liberano Corriere Consegna / Migliore farmacia canadese Siemens vai ajudar a levar água potável a 80% do interior angolano Vente Wellbutrin Sr Pharmacie En Ligne – Drugstore Pas Cher Online Zyvox Order / Cheap Prices Índia culpa activistas ambientais pelos problemas económicos do país AgriBusiness 2011: África discute contributo do sector privado para o crescimento agro-alimentar Partilhar facebook twitter google+ pinterest linkedin email Tweet Sans Ordonnance - Achat Rogaine En Ligne Suisse Anterior Ordine Nifedipine 5 mg Generico - consegna di corriere... Seguinte Cátia Fernandes Newsletter Acompanhe as nossas novidades Subscrever Cancelar subscrição Siga-nos Facebook Twitter Linkedin Patrocinadores Contactos Sobre Cabo Verde Portugal Moçambique Projetos:
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature Off the Critical List and Onto the Buy List Drug maker Hospira is nearing the end of a long, government-mandated cleanup at a key plant. Once that's concluded, its stock could come roaring back to life. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By Sandra Ward Biography February 9, 2013 Top generic injectable-drug maker Hospira is almost ready to throw off the IVs and get back to work. Nearly three years after the Food and Drug Administration mandated that it improve quality control at one of its top drug-manufacturing plants, Hospira (ticker: HSP) is getting ready for an inspection of the Rocky Mount, N.C., facility, possibly in the first half of this year. A clean bill of health from the FDA could clear a path to boost the plant's production, which has been scaled back amid the remediation efforts. It also would enable Hospira to focus more resources on promising markets, including generic substitutes for biotech treatments whose patents are expiring. These new products could help unlock the substantial value in the shares, which some investors and analysts believe are worth at least 30% more than last week's $34.50. Enlarge Image Close CEO Michael Ball is cleaning up the problems in Hospira's manufacturing plants and expanding its global reach in injectable drugs and systems. James Schnepf/Hospira Overseeing the plant's cleanup and the company's revamped strategy is Chief Executive Michael Ball, a veteran of the health-care industry brought onboard in March 2011 from Allergan AGN -0.3669724770642202% Allergan PLC U.S.: NYSE USD238.92 -0.88 -0.3669724770642202% /Date(1490994170027-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 2042254 AFTER HOURS USD239.06 0.14 0.05859701992298677% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 298539 P/E Ratio 6.386527666399359 Market Cap 80091892223.0992 Dividend Yield N/A Rev. per Employee 872491 More quote details and news » AGN in Your Value Your Change Short position (AGN), where he had worked for 16 years, the last five as president, and was responsible for building a substantial international business. Ball plans to expand the global reach of Hospira, which makes generic injectable drugs including morphine and antibiotics. He wants to increase its presence in France, Germany, and Japan as well as the emerging markets of China and Brazil. In cleaning up Hospira's plants, he has already made sweeping changes at the company, replacing all five plant managers in the U.S. and about 65% of the senior staff at those operations. There's a brand new head of global regulatory affairs and a new chief medical officer. CEO Ball declined to be interviewed by Barron's. After spending what's estimated to be more than $375 million on remediation since the third quarter of 2011—the bulk of it at Rocky Mount for consultants, a state-of-the-art quality-control laboratory, new automated visual-inspection equipment, and new managers—Hospira hopes to meet the FDA's standards. (On Feb. 6, Barrons.com reported on the company's progress in a Stock Alert column, "Give Hospira a Shot"). Hospira also hopes to work out a timeline for operating the North Carolina plant full-tilt, from about 60% currently. That would give a powerful lift to the Lake Forest, Ill.-based company's revenue and profit. Gross profit margins, now about 30%, will probably rise as the costs of upgrading its facilities decline, plant efficiencies improve, drug shipments increase, and prices rise. The Rocky Mount facility hasn't been the only focus of regulatory attention for Hospira, but it has the highest profile because it accounts for 25% of the company's $4 billion in sales. Enlarge Image Close Infusion system Courtesy of Hospira Running the plant at capacity would also help alleviate a critical shortage of drugs considered vital to treating everything from cardiac arrest and seizures to pain management. Indeed, five other major manufacturers of sterile injectable drugs have also had to scale back production in the past three years after the FDA determined their processes also violated quality-control standards and procedures, leading in some cases to contaminated solutions. The uncertainty surrounding Hospira's inspection weighs on the stock. At their current quote, the shares are down about 43% from their November 2010 high. Despite what has been a giddy time for many stocks, Hospira shares aren't far above their 52-week low of $28.62. That has created an opportunity to invest in a company with the world's No. 1 market share—37%—in the generic injectable-drug market, a highly specialized class of drugs that require advanced handling techniques. The complexity of making these drugs creates a high barrier to entry. Hospira enjoys limited competition and higher margins as a result. Despite its travails, the company has suffered only slight market-share losses. In all, about 63% revenue comes from these drugs. Hospira also ranks No. 2 in the market for intravenous-delivery systems and pumps used to supply and manage medications, boasting a 17% share. The systems and pumps kick in about 24% of revenue; other products like IV solutions comprise the rest. Matt Sauer, a portfolio manager at Lateef Investment Management, which oversees $4.5 billion in assets, is confident that the company is on the right track. Hospira ranks among the firm's top 10 holdings. (For more on Lateef's strategy, see "Rumblings of the 'Great Rotation'.") Enlarge Image Close By 2014, Sauer expects Hospira to be operating at historic production levels. He sees the potential for the company to earn $3 to $3.25 a share. That's up from an estimated $2 a share the company expects for 2012 and the $2.31 Wall Street projects in 2013. Sauer sees the shares hitting the high $40s or low $50s as revenue and profit increase and the earnings multiple expands, an appreciation of 30% or more. Hospira shares now trade at 15 times 2013 earnings estimates. AS BULLISH AS THESE projections are, they don't include the growth potential from a new drug group known as biosimilars, or generic versions of expensive biotech drugs. Hospira is the leading U.S.-based producer of these drugs and among the world's top three, along with Israel's Teva Pharmaceutical TEVA -1.895444818098441% Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. ADR U.S.: NYSE USD32.09 -0.62 -1.895444818098441% /Date(1490994191891-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 10791888 AFTER HOURS USD32.2 0.11 0.3427859146151449% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 48003 P/E Ratio 200.18714909544605 Market Cap 33276512058.9762 Dividend Yield 4.2380803988781555% Rev. per Employee 385742 More quote details and news » TEVA in Your Value Your Change Short position (TEVA) and Sandoz, a division of Switzerland's Novartis (NVS). The existing biotech drugs, also known as biologics, are costly in part because they have highly complex molecular structures and are made with live organisms. The Bottom Line Hospira's stock could rise 30% or more once the company can spend more time and money on its products and less on regula-tory issues. A new generic offering could add even more. An estimated $40 billion of the biologics are scheduled to lose their patent protection through 2020, providing lots of new opportunity for Hospira and its rivals. Datamonitor, a London-based business-research group, has forecast that the biosimilar market will reach nearly $4 billion by 2015 from $243 million in 2010. Hospira's biosimilar for Amgen's Epogen, an erythropoietin (EPO) treatment for anemia in patients with renal failure, is in Phase III clinical trials with the U.S. FDA. The last patent on Epogen is scheduled to expire in 2015, which is when the U.S. market for a biosimilar version is set to begin. Hospira has been selling another EPO biosimilar, Retacrit, in Europe since 2008. It's also selling Nivestim, a version of Amgen's Neupogen, which boosts infection-fighting white-blood cells in cancer patients, in Europe and Australia. Biotech companies, including Amgen and Genentech, a division of Swiss health-care giant Roche Holding (ROG.Switzerland), have been lobbying hard to limit generic versions of their treatments, questioning the safety of drugs that are similar but not identical to the originals. At the same time, pharmacy-benefit managers such as Express Scripts esrx -0.9765625% Express Scripts Holding Co. U.S.: Nasdaq USD65.91 -0.65 -0.9765625% /Date(1490994000569-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 5876444 AFTER HOURS USD65.91 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 1103605 P/E Ratio 12.138121546961326 Market Cap 39566631256.029 Dividend Yield N/A Rev. per Employee 3925310 More quote details and news » esrx in Your Value Your Change Short position (ESRX) are working to make biosimilars available because of the tremendous cost savings they represent for their customers. Enlarge Image Close Hospira's small size—its market value is about $6 billion—makes it a potential acquisition target for big-pharma companies such as Merck MRK 0.14184397163120568% Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD63.54 0.09 0.14184397163120568% /Date(1490994053410-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 7340580 AFTER HOURS USD63.26 -0.28 -0.4406672961913755% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 273445 P/E Ratio 45.51575931232092 Market Cap 174453586707.981 Dividend Yield 2.9587661315706644% Rev. per Employee 580823 More quote details and news » MRK in Your Value Your Change Short position (MRK) and Pfizer PFE -0.40756914119359533% Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD34.21 -0.14 -0.40756914119359533% /Date(1490994052603-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 17593631 AFTER HOURS USD34.18 -0.03 -0.08769365682548963% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 1018154 P/E Ratio 29.36480686695279 Market Cap 203724854206.122 Dividend Yield 3.741596024554224% Rev. per Employee 547399 More quote details and news » PFE in Your Value Your Change Short position (PFE). Investors were reminded of the takeover possibility when Hospira revealed in a recent government filing that new change-in-control agreements for its top management went into effect on Jan. 1. HOWEVER THE VALUE IN Hospira's shares is realized, Ball is confident the company is rejuvenated. During a Jan. 8 presentation for investors at a JPMorgan conference, he said, "We're in great, growing markets. We've got great market-share position. We've got a great pipeline. We've got great new people. And that to me…indicates a great future." E-mail: editors@barrons.com Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Feature 1. 8 Undervalued Energy Picks That Can Shine Even With Cheap Oil 2. Lowe’s Shares Could Rise 20% or More 3. CarMax Could Stall as Risky Loans Rise 4. Why Silicon Valley Bank’s Stock Could Rise 25% More 5. Dark Clouds May Be Lifting for SolarEdge Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Under Armour Stock Is Ready to Rebound Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Dear T-Mobile: You’re Not That Funny Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 8 Energy Picks That Can Rise Even With Cheap Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Dr. Doom’s Diagnosis Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. 6 Industrial Stocks With Generous Yields Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Buy High-Quality MLPs for Income and Stability 2 3 MLPs Offering Growth and Yield 3 Why You Should Get Life Insurance Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
