Wilmington City Council approves MSD, new property tax - WSFX - FOX Wilmington, NC Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Carolina in the Morning Maps and Forecasts Hurricane season 2016 Interactive Radar LIVE: Frying Pan Tower Cameras Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases THIS TV Paternity Court Paternity Court Facebook Closed Captioning Concerns FCC Public File EEO Public File Report (WSFX) Closed Captioning Concerns Digital Sales Grow Your Business Descriptive Audio Instructions Wilmington City Council approves MSD, new property tax 2016-11-11T17:33:52Z2016-11-16T02:25:38Z By: WECT Staff Email Connect newsroom@wect.com The Wilmington City Council approved a proposal to establish a Municipal Service District (MSD) in downtown Wilmington at their meeting Tuesday night. (Source: WECT) WILMINGTON, NC (WECT) - The Wilmington City Council approved a proposal to establish a Municipal Service District (MSD) in downtown Wilmington at their meeting Tuesday night. The MSD imposes a seven-cent tax increase per $100 of property value in the Central Business District. The money will go toward safety ambassadors, cleaning and development in the area. Council member Paul Lawler was the only “no” vote. Lawler suggested approving the MSD on the condition there be a three-year sunset on it. Other council members disagreed, citing the requirement that the MSD be reviewed annually, and that council may modify or remove it. Nearly a dozen people spoke at the council meeting during the public hearing. Supporters said MSDs in other parts of the state have proven to be effective and improve downtown’s image. Opponents argued against raising taxes, and claimed some of the services provided by an MSD are unnecessary. One resident who spoke at the meeting said now that council has spoken, she would like to see a more concrete plan. "I want a more clear-cut vision of what they're proposing,” Shelia Gasquet. “Right now it seems a little broad to me. So let's make sure that those dollars are going to benefit people other than the first Front Street, you know Second and Third Street." Council will have to vote again at a second reading of the proposal to make the MSD official. That hearing is set for December. If approved, the MSD would become effective in July 2017. MSDs exist in more than 50 cities in the state, but the debate to establish one to Wilmington has lasted almost a year.  More than a dozen downtown business owners and residents spoke during the public hearing during a City Council meeting last month. The crowd was split between those in favor and against the MSD for the Central Business District. During a City Council agenda meeting in November, council member Kevin O'Grady brought up the concerns of a resident that lives on the very edge of the proposed district.  “The big residential properties in the middle of the district are clearly going to benefit because whatever services are provided will surround them," O'Grady said. "But these are really side streets, and I’m not certain how they benefit. They may benefit from the safety issues and the maybe the cleanliness issues. But I’d like some assurance that if they’re going to be included, services are going to reach these limits." Copyright 2016 WECT. All rights reserved. All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices. FCC Public File Email: publicfile@wsfx.com Phone: 910-343-8826 EEO Report Closed Captioning
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Johnson & Johnson vs. Merck Johnson & Johnson has Imbruvica. Merck has Keytruda. Which of these 2 giant drugmakers with superstar cancer drugs is the better pick for long-term investors? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Nov 15, 2016 at 5:41PM If you owned shares of either Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) or Merck (NYSE:MRK) over the last five years, you're likely a happy camper. Both stocks are up more than 75% during the period. Both have also seen their shares climb by double-digit percentages this year, with Merck outperforming J&J by around 5%. Which is the better choice for investors looking at 2017 and beyond? Here's how J&J and Merck stack up. Image source: Getty Images. The case for Johnson & Johnson In a sense, Johnson & Johnson is three companies rolled into one. The healthcare giant's three business segments -- consumer, pharmaceutical, and medical devices -- are all multi-billion dollar enterprises. The best investing case for J&J comes from its pharmaceutical segment. Sales for the segment grew over 9% in the first three quarters of 2016. The company claims several products boasting solid year-over-year sales increases, notably including anti-inflammatory drugs Simponi and Stelara, HIV drug Edurant, and blood thinner Xarelto. Johnson & Johnson's biggest success story right now, though, is cancer drug Imbruvica. Third-quarter sales nearly doubled the amount generated in the prior year period. The future also looks promising for Imbruvica: The drug is currently in half a dozen late-stage clinical studies targeting additional indications. That's just the tip of the iceberg. J&J's pipeline includes 28 late-stage programs. This count doesn't include rheumatoid arthritis drug sirukumab, which is awaiting regulatory approval in the U.S. and Europe.  Dividend-seeking investors really have a lot to like about Johnson & Johnson. The dividend yield currently stands at 2.7%. J&J has increased the dividend for 54 consecutive years. The company hasn't been a slouch at growth, either, posting 32 consecutive years of adjusted earnings increases. With a solid lineup featuring Imbruvica plus over $40 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities that could fund further acquisitions, Johnson & Johnson should be able to keep its growth streak going. The case for Merck Merck also has its own rising star with Keytruda. Sales for the cancer drug totaled $919 million. That's just the start. Analysts expect Keytruda to reach peak annual sales of over $8 billion. The company also continues to see solid growth from its vaccines franchise. Sales for human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine Gardasil and its ProQuad/M-M-R II/Varivax vaccines increased by double-digit percentages in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the prior year period. In addition, new hepatitis C drug Zepatier has contributed significant revenue this year. Merck does face some challenges. Cardiovascular drugs Zetia and Vytorin lose patent protection in 2017. An agreement actually allows a generic version of Zetia to launch even sooner -- in December 2016.  Several pipeline candidates could help boost sales in the future. Merck's pipeline includes 21 late-stage programs. Anacetrapib, which targets treatment of atherosclerosis, could run into trouble since two chemically similar drugs failed to win regulatory approval. However, Merck has multiple Keytruda studies in additional indications plus several diabetes candidates in late-stage development, along with experimental Alzheimer's disease treatment verubecestat.   Thanks largely to Keytruda and other possible winners in the pipeline, Wall Street thinks that Merck will be able to grow annual earnings by around 6% over the next five years. That's close to the same level expected for Johnson & Johnson.  Merck's dividend yield of almost 2.9% is a tad higher than Johnson & Johnson's. However, the company uses more of its earnings to fund dividend payments than J&J does. Also, Merck can't boast of the string of annual dividend increases like J&J can. Better buy Merck should be a pretty good choice for investors looking for a reasonable dividend yield. Keytruda will likely become one of the biggest-selling drugs on the market, fueling Merck's growth well into the future. However, I think Johnson & Johnson is the better pick for long-term investors. J&J provides consistency combined with a solid potential for steady (if not spectacular) growth. My take is that investors will continue to be happy campers with either one of these stocks, but J&J shareholders will probably have the bigger smiles a decade or more from now. Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson and Johnson. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Nov 15, 2016 at 5:41PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $61.75 up $0.55 (0.90%) Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $113.38 up $1.54 (1.38%) Read More How Will Johnson & Johnson Fare Under President Trump? Johnson & Johnson Stock Split: Coming in 2017? Does Johnson & Johnson Pass the Buffett Test? Johnson & Johnson's Foolishness Is on Full Display Johnson & Johnson's 4 Biggest Catalysts in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Better Buy: Johnson & Johnson vs. Merck @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $JNJ
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Johnson & Johnson vs. Merck Johnson & Johnson has Imbruvica. Merck has Keytruda. Which of these 2 giant drugmakers with superstar cancer drugs is the better pick for long-term investors? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Nov 15, 2016 at 5:41PM If you owned shares of either Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) or Merck (NYSE:MRK) over the last five years, you're likely a happy camper. Both stocks are up more than 75% during the period. Both have also seen their shares climb by double-digit percentages this year, with Merck outperforming J&J by around 5%. Which is the better choice for investors looking at 2017 and beyond? Here's how J&J and Merck stack up. Image source: Getty Images. The case for Johnson & Johnson In a sense, Johnson & Johnson is three companies rolled into one. The healthcare giant's three business segments -- consumer, pharmaceutical, and medical devices -- are all multi-billion dollar enterprises. The best investing case for J&J comes from its pharmaceutical segment. Sales for the segment grew over 9% in the first three quarters of 2016. The company claims several products boasting solid year-over-year sales increases, notably including anti-inflammatory drugs Simponi and Stelara, HIV drug Edurant, and blood thinner Xarelto. Johnson & Johnson's biggest success story right now, though, is cancer drug Imbruvica. Third-quarter sales nearly doubled the amount generated in the prior year period. The future also looks promising for Imbruvica: The drug is currently in half a dozen late-stage clinical studies targeting additional indications. That's just the tip of the iceberg. J&J's pipeline includes 28 late-stage programs. This count doesn't include rheumatoid arthritis drug sirukumab, which is awaiting regulatory approval in the U.S. and Europe.  Dividend-seeking investors really have a lot to like about Johnson & Johnson. The dividend yield currently stands at 2.7%. J&J has increased the dividend for 54 consecutive years. The company hasn't been a slouch at growth, either, posting 32 consecutive years of adjusted earnings increases. With a solid lineup featuring Imbruvica plus over $40 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities that could fund further acquisitions, Johnson & Johnson should be able to keep its growth streak going. The case for Merck Merck also has its own rising star with Keytruda. Sales for the cancer drug totaled $919 million. That's just the start. Analysts expect Keytruda to reach peak annual sales of over $8 billion. The company also continues to see solid growth from its vaccines franchise. Sales for human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine Gardasil and its ProQuad/M-M-R II/Varivax vaccines increased by double-digit percentages in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the prior year period. In addition, new hepatitis C drug Zepatier has contributed significant revenue this year. Merck does face some challenges. Cardiovascular drugs Zetia and Vytorin lose patent protection in 2017. An agreement actually allows a generic version of Zetia to launch even sooner -- in December 2016.  Several pipeline candidates could help boost sales in the future. Merck's pipeline includes 21 late-stage programs. Anacetrapib, which targets treatment of atherosclerosis, could run into trouble since two chemically similar drugs failed to win regulatory approval. However, Merck has multiple Keytruda studies in additional indications plus several diabetes candidates in late-stage development, along with experimental Alzheimer's disease treatment verubecestat.   Thanks largely to Keytruda and other possible winners in the pipeline, Wall Street thinks that Merck will be able to grow annual earnings by around 6% over the next five years. That's close to the same level expected for Johnson & Johnson.  Merck's dividend yield of almost 2.9% is a tad higher than Johnson & Johnson's. However, the company uses more of its earnings to fund dividend payments than J&J does. Also, Merck can't boast of the string of annual dividend increases like J&J can. Better buy Merck should be a pretty good choice for investors looking for a reasonable dividend yield. Keytruda will likely become one of the biggest-selling drugs on the market, fueling Merck's growth well into the future. However, I think Johnson & Johnson is the better pick for long-term investors. J&J provides consistency combined with a solid potential for steady (if not spectacular) growth. My take is that investors will continue to be happy campers with either one of these stocks, but J&J shareholders will probably have the bigger smiles a decade or more from now. Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson and Johnson. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Nov 15, 2016 at 5:41PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $61.75 up $0.55 (0.90%) Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $113.38 up $1.54 (1.38%) Read More How Will Johnson & Johnson Fare Under President Trump? Johnson & Johnson Stock Split: Coming in 2017? Does Johnson & Johnson Pass the Buffett Test? Johnson & Johnson's Foolishness Is on Full Display Johnson & Johnson's 4 Biggest Catalysts in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Better Buy: Johnson & Johnson vs. Merck @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $JNJ
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Corporate News   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up 11/15/2016 4:06 AM ET Shares of Merck KgaA (MKGAY.PK) were gaining around 2 percent in the early morning trading in Germany after the drug major on Tuesday raised its fiscal 2016 earnings view and maintained sales forecast, after reporting strong third-quarter results. Profit and sales climbed from last year, mainly reflecting the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition. For the year, the company now expects EBITDA pre exceptionals to range between 4.450 billion euros and 4.600 billion euros, compared to the prior outlook of 4.250 billion euros to 4.400 billion euros. The revision reflects primarily the Healthcare business sector, which recorded the previously mentioned release of around 40 million euros in provisions in the third quarter for research projects terminated in previous years. For 2016, Merck continues to expect net sales of between 14.9 billion euros and 15.1 billion euros. The company continues to expect a moderate organic increase in Group sales. Owing to the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich, Merck continues to expect a portfolio-related net sales increase in the low double-digit percentage range in 2016. In its third quarter, Merck's net income climbed 25.5 percent to 457 million euros from the prior year's 364 million euros. Quarterly earnings per share pre-exceptionals were 1.70 euros, compared to 1.32 euros last year. Group earnings before interest and tax or EBIT grew 19.9 percent year-over-year to 676 million euros. EBITDA pre exceptionals grew sharply by 24.3 percent to 1.2 billion euros. This was mainly attributable to the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition and the good operating performance in Life Science. At 31.5 percent, the EBITDA margin pre exceptionals was higher than in the year-earlier quarter's 30.3 percent. Group sales climbed 19.3 percent to 3.7 billion euros from last year's 3.1 billion euros. Acquisition-related sales growth of 19 percent mainly reflects the Sigma-Aldrich transaction, which closed in November 2015. Meanwhile, negative exchange rate effects caused sales to decline slightly by 0.6 percent. On an organic basis, group sales edged up 0.9 percent. From a geographic perspective, North America and Latin America fueled organic growth. Life Science sales climbed 83.1 percent to 1.4 billion euros, thanks to demand from the biotech industry for Merck products, and the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich. Meanwhile, Healthcare net sales decreased 1.1 percent to 1.7 billion euros, reflecting negative currency impact of 1.4 percent and the negative portfolio effect of 1 percent was due to the return of the rights to Kuvan to BioMarin Pharmaceutical. Organic sales growth was 1.3 percent. The multiple sclerosis drug Rebif saw an organic sales decline of 5.5 percent and the oncology drug Erbitux organic sales declined 0.6 percent. Merck achieved very strong organic sales growth of 10.2 percent with the fertility treatment Gonal-f. In Germany, Merck shares were trading at 96.39 euros, up 1.53 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Fed Meets First Time Under New Regime – Economic Preview for Week of Jan. 30 The World's 10 Most Productive Nations, Ranked Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February Corporate News Fed Meets First Time Under New Regime - Economic Preview For Week Of Jan. 30 Report: Wet Seal Will Go Extinct McDonald's Sells All Of Its Nordic Restaurants World's 10 Most Productive Nations, Ranked Tim Hortons Coming To Mexico Chevron Turns To Profit In Q4, But Results Miss Estimates TCF Financial Corp. Announces 5% Fall In Q4 Bottom Line Air Products Sees Q2, FY17 Adj. EPS Below Market View; Says Cautious On Outlook Tesco To Buy Food Wholesaler Booker In £3.7 Bln Cash, Stock Deal; Stock Up UBS Stock Dips On Lower Q4 Net Profit; Maintains Dividend IMGN Marches Forward, FDA Nod For ZLTQ, Knight Lends Shine To PLX American Airlines: No TVs On New 737s Arthur J Gallagher & Co. Reports 11% Rise In Q4 Bottom Line Glacier Bancorp Inc. Q4 Profit Advances 5% EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of Swift Transportation Co Inc Q4 Earnings Report <<Previous        62 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Merck Appoints Michael Heckmeier To Lead Display Materials - Quick Facts Merck KGaA And Palantir Launch New Healthcare Acceleration Partnership Merck KGaA Licenses Four Oncology R&D Programs From Vertex Merck KGaA Acquires BioControl Systems EMD Serono And Pfizer: FDA Accepts BLA For Avelumab For Treatment Of MMCC For Priority Review   Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed McDonald's Sells All Of Its Nordic Restaurants Tim Hortons Coming To Mexico Chevron Turns To Profit In Q4, But Results Miss Estimates Air Products Sees Q2, FY17 Adj. EPS Below Market View; Says Cautious On Outlook Tesco To Buy Food Wholesaler Booker In £3.7 Bln Cash, Stock Deal; Stock Up UBS Stock Dips On Lower Q4 Net Profit; Maintains Dividend Microsoft Q2 Profit Tops Street On Cloud Growth Alphabet Q4 Profit Misses Street Ford GT Will Be The Company's Fastest Car Ever Predictions, Gainers, Losers Ford Q4 Adj. Profit Misses Estimates Caterpillar Q4 Loss Widens; Cuts FY17 Outlook Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February Gainers & Losers Of The Day: GNVC, NVIV, CLRB. AQB, BIOA... IMGN Marches Forward, FDA Nod For ZLTQ, Knight Lends Shine To PLX ELGX Abuzz, ESPR Ahead Of Schedule, Tough Times For VIVO Freshii Planning Sweeter IPO HP Announces Huge Battery Recall For Overheating Risk Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Huawei Watch 2 Rumors Heating Up Lonmin Reports 7.8% Decline In Mining, Expects 650-680K Platinum Ounces In FY17 Target Plans Apple Pay Rival Despite Recent Data Breach Lonza FY16 Core EBITDA Rises; Expects FY Sales Growth Of Mid-single Digits Harris To Sell Government IT Services Business To Veritas For $690 Mln SAP Raises Outlook As Q4 Profit Climbs Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Announces 26% Fall In Q3 Earnings Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Bob Evans Farms Announces Sale Of Bob Evans Restaurants; To Focus On BEF Foods HP Expands Recall Of Laptop Batteries Due To Fire Hazard LG Electronics FY16 Net Profit, Sales Down; Operating Income Rises United Rentals To Acquire NES Rentals For Approx. $965 Mln - Quick Facts Royal Caribbean Cruises Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates Heinz Gives Salaried Workers Off The Day After Super Bowl CFPB Fines CitiFinancial, CitiMortgage $28.8 Mln For Runaround To Home Borrowers SAP AG Q4 Income Rises 18% Philips Turns To Profit In Q4 Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 1/28 Trump Order Barring Refugees Sparks Protests, Praise 1/28 Updated Trump visa ban also applies to citizens with dual nationality: State Department 1/28 Here's why tech giants want to keep content cheap 1/28 Does Jaguar’s new sedan live up to the brand’s legacy? 1/28 Updated Trump says immigration ban ‘working out very nicely,’ while ACLU, others file lawsuit 1/28 Why Trump’s golf courses in Scotland are just like Carrier’s plant in Mexico 1/28 Updated 12 detained at New York airport under refugee ban 1/28 Updated Trump and Putin discuss fighting terrorism on the phone 1/28 Calexit movement gets a go-ahead 1/28 Updated How do I find my late father’s will when my stepmother is blocking the way? 1/28 Updated Here are the safest airlines to fly in 2017 1/28 Updated This is how much the White House is worth in 2017 1/28 Updated Fund that almost tripled the S&P 500’s gain last year is now big on health-care stocks 1/28 Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 1/28 Updated 10 ‘Dividend Aristocrat’ stocks expected to rise up to 22% as you get paid to wait 1/28 Updated The 10 cheapest, fastest-growing and most beloved Dow stocks 1/28 Updated Iran calls Trump’s order ‘an obvious insult to the Islamic world’ 1/28 Updated Weekend roundup: Dow 20,000 | Trump and your investments | How companies confuse you with ‘earnings’ 1/28 Updated This explains why Donald Trump calls his loyal supporters the ‘forgotten people’ 1/28 Updated This chart shows how Republicans and Democrats feel about their money right now Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Pharmaceuticals Merck profit up 26%; lifts guidance for full year By Christopher Alessi Published: Nov 15, 2016 2:41 a.m. ET Share By ChristopherAlessi FRANKFURT--German pharmaceuticals and chemicals company Merck KGaA on Tuesday reported a near 26% rise in profit for the third quarter and raised its guidance for the full year because of growth at the life science and health-care businesses. Net profit for the period ended Sept. 30 was EUR457 million ($491.4 million), compared with EUR364 million a year earlier, boosted by the company's recent acquisition of U.S. laboratory equipment maker Sigma-Aldrich, which closed in November 2015. Merck said it now expects earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, Ebitda, before one-time items for 2016, of between EUR4.45 billion and EUR4.6 billion, up from a previous expectation for EUR4.25 billion to EUR4.4 billion. The improved outlook reflects higher profitability at the health-care unit, in part due to the release of around EUR40 million in provisions for research projects in the quarter, the company said. Quarterly sales rose by 19% to EUR3.72 billion, driven by the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition. The company's closely-watched Ebitda before one-time items rose by 24%, to EUR1.17 billion, driven by Sigma-Aldrich and the health-care business, slightly beating analysts' forecasts. Analysts had predicted Ebitda before one-time items of EUR1.12 billion, according to a recent poll conducted by The Wall Street Journal. Merck "reported again a solid set of figures" above expectations, Peter Spengler, an analyst at DZ Bank, wrote in a note Tuesday morning. The $17-billion Sigma-Aldrich transaction, first announced in 2014, has been a primary driver of growth at Merck in recent quarters. Sigma-Aldrich has been integrated into the company's life science division. The deal was part of a drive by the company to strengthen its presence in the U.S. market and expand beyond its traditional pharmaceuticals division, which has struggled to bring new lucrative drugs to market in recent years. Merck has also expanded its specialty chemicals business, which is a world leader in the production of liquid crystals that are used in display screens. The company isn't affiliated with U.S.-based Merck & Co. Write to Christopher Alessi at christopher.alessi@wsj.com More from MarketWatch Why Trump’s golf courses in Scotland are just like Carrier’s plant in Mexico Twinings Family Heir: You're Brewing Tea All Wrong This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like Most Popular Why Trump’s golf courses in Scotland are just like Carrier’s plant in Mexico Trump visa ban also applies to citizens with dual nationality: State Department Serena Williams beats sister Venus to win record 23rd Grand Slam title Apple earnings: iPhone 7 could break streak of shrinking sales These 85 stocks are now on a ‘buy’ list as Donald Trump takes office MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
dimanche , 29 janvier 2017 Accueil Carnet d’adresse PME Communiqué de King Bros Beauté Van’s Addiction Van’s Addiction, le must du Nailing Restauration Comme chez soi Photographie Jessy – Jean Claude Le Roy Consultants Gibson & Hills Group Communication/PR Star Connexxions Depannage Vicky, mécanicien Hotel/Bungalow Rodrigues Mourouk Ebony Hotel, Rodrigues Tarif Publicitaire La top banner à Rs 12000.00 Présentez votre produit sur vidéo La pub à Rs 100.00 par jour Votre pub dans les articles Nous contacter Météo sur 7 jours Photo Satellite RSS Maurice Info L'info en quelques mots.. 24 heures/24 Economie Info Entreprise L’Eco du Mercredi Forum/Seminaire/ Salon Education / Santé Info Santé Pran ou lipé en main Histoire de faire rever Infos Gallerie de Photo Flash Info Gallerie de Photo GIS Info Monde Libre Afrique African Press Organization Info Sport Hippisme Live News Techno Info Police Info Info Route Video News ONG MACOSS Syndicats Tourisme MTPA Info Culture Info Loisir Info Soirée Misik Info Loto Info Info Shopping Region Info Océan Indien Info Route Info Ville / Village Foire Photo du Jour Politique Parlement Conseil des Ministres Météo Photo Satellite Bulletin Metéo Meteo @ Pointe aux Sables Photo Radar Meteo France Carte Synoptique Photo Satellite Interview L’Interview du Vendredi Dimans Politik Bilan 2015 Parole à L’Eco du Mercredi Mon année 2016 Exclusif Brèves de France Edition Speciale Les Ecrits de Paris Reportage Pran ou lipé en main Africa News Live News Pravind Jugnauth, Premier Ministre Bel lageur ine leve entre moi ek SAJ Manifestation syndicale pendant le forum de la TISA à Ébène. Exclusif – Gameloft : Dopage (EPO) confirmé Merck marks World Diabetes Day Partager ! Merck (www.MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, today announced the winners of the Merck Diabetes Award “Every Day is a Diabetes Day” to mark the World Diabetes Day- WDD themed ‘Eyes on Diabetes’. Les dépêches de l’APO en exclusivité sur Maurice Info Merck Diabetes Award as part of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program (www.Merck-CAP.com) was launched in April 2016 in partnership with African and Asian universities with the aim of building a platform of diabetes experts across the globe. “Merck plays an important role in building Diabetes Care capacity in partnership with African and Asian Universities. Today marks an important day in the fight against Diabetes as we celebrate World Diabetes Day. In this context, we have announced ten Diabetes Award Winners from Africa and Asia” says Belen Garijo, Member of Merck’s Executive Board and CEO Merck Healthcare. “This initiative fully illustrates our commitment to improving access to affordable Healthcare in Africa and other developing countries” Garijo added. The scientific committee received over 500 concept submission applications from universities in Africa and Asia and 10 winners were selected for the award. The winner from each university has been granted a one year postgraduate diabetes diploma in South Wales University, United Kingdom. “Merck Diabetes Award marks another step in our long term commitment to support diabetes care strategies in developing countries through working with local governments, academia and relevant stakeholders in building healthcare capacity with a focus on Diabetes, hypertension and other non-communicable diseases in various countries in Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa and Latin America” said Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare when making the announcement of the winners. Merck invited all medical students to apply for the “Merck Diabetes Award” 2016 with the theme “Every Day is a Diabetes Day”. Students across African and Asian medical universities were asked to submit a concept paper on how to improve diabetes early detection and prevention in their countries and how to encourage their society, scientific community, local authorities, media and relevant stakeholders to think and act on diabetes every day. “Access to diabetic care in Africa will slowly grow with the initiation of this award, because it will create ‘diabetes scholars’ with more insight and knowledge on the best care needed for patients and how to facilitate it,” said Dominic Oduro-Donkor, from Cape Coast Teaching Hospital, Ghana and a Merck Diabetes Award winner. “The Merck Capacity Advancement Programme is a ground-breaking initiative to control this growing epidemic of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) like diabetes, by motivating and sensitising undergraduate students and giving them a chance to gain an in-depth knowledge about every aspect of this disease,” emphasized one of the winners Antara Bagchi, a student at the Indira Gandhi Medical College, India. Ahmed Reja, the President of International Diabetes Federation, Africa and President of Ethiopia Diabetes Association emphasized: “We are very happy to partner with Merck to drive their strategy to build diabetes capacity and roll out the Merck Diabetes Award across the continent. The awards encourage the students to be more innovative and take a leadership position to fight diabetes in their own country.” In addition, as part of its recognition of the World Diabetes Day, the Merck Capacity Advancement Program also launched its European Accredited Clinical Diabetes and Hypertension management 2016 tour across Africa and Asia. The program supports focused training to build diabetes healthcare capacity for medical undergraduates, postgraduates and healthcare providers in partnership with universities across the two continents. More than 5000 medical undergraduates have benefited from the fourth edition of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program which covered eight African countries and is in partnership with Addis Ababa University, Ethiopia; University of Nairobi, Kenya; Makerere University, Uganda; Muhimbili University, Tanzania; University of Ghana; University of Namibia; Eduardo Mondelane University in Mozambique and Agostinho Neto University, Angola. In Asia the tours are being conducted with Maharashtra University, India and University of Indonesia. #MerckDiabetesTips In addition to building capacity among healthcare professionals to provide quality diabetes care, Merck runs a social media campaign providing diabetes patient education through videos and information materials in English, French, Portuguese, Spanish, and many local languages focusing on diabetes early symptoms and complications to raise awareness on diabetes and the importance of early detection and prevention among communities. To Know More about Merck Diabetes Award: Read below Meet the winners of Merck Diabetes Award 2016 from African and Asian universities: Elisha Kipkemoi Ngetich College of Health Sciences, University of Nairobi, Kenya “I am ecstatic at winning the Merck Diabetes Award 2016. I thank Merck for providing this wonderful platform where students can further their studies in non-communicable diseases. With the current surge in the prevalence of diabetes in Kenya and other developing countries, the timing of this award could not have been better. Over the years, I have developed an interest in diabetes because I have seen patients in the different stages of this disease. I have also seen the impact that early recognition and management of this disease can have and I am privileged to broaden my understanding of the disease through this postgraduate diploma course. This will also build me academically and professionally as well. This is the kind of initiative that Kenya and Africa at large needs, an initiative to empower young doctors and other healthcare professionals. This information then trickles down to the patients and ultimately we end up with a healthy Kenya and Africa. I am convinced that the knowledge I will gather during this experience will significantly impact on my practice in the near future and hence a better outcome for our diabetic patients.” Ralph Obure College of Health Sciences, University of Nairobi, Kenya “The Kenyan healthcare system faces new challenges in diabetes and other non-communicable diseases and so efforts by Merck to increase capacity are timely and highly welcome. I am honoured to receive the Merck Diabetes Award that will advance my medical career and enable me to provide the much needed expertise in diabetes management in Kenya.” Antara Bagchi Indira Gandhi Government Medical College, Nagpur, India “Merck is providing an opportunity for the care and control of diabetes in the community especially in Asia and Africa, where non-communicable diseases are becoming increasingly prevalent. The Merck Capacity Advancement Programme is a ground-breaking initiative to control this rampant and growing epidemic of NCDs like diabetes, by motivating and sensitising undergraduate students like us, and giving them a chance to gain an in-depth, holistic knowledge about every aspect of this disease. I am sure that this initiative will have a profound impact on the health scenario, and the incidence and morbidity of NCDs will be lowered significantly.” Samuel Mucheru Aga Khan University, Kenya “This award is important to me because it marks the start of a future career in diabetes management which I am very passionate about. It will help build diabetes expertise in my country, which is badly needed due to the exponential increase in diabetes cases within the population. Moreover, it will help achieve the wider goal of building capacity in diabetes management especially in the low and middle income countries whose non-communicable disease burden is on an upward trend without a commensurate increase in the number of experts to deal with this pandemic.” Tinka George Makerere University College of Health Sciences, Uganda “I am grateful and happy that Merck has provided us with this great opportunity to advance our knowledge in diabetes. This opportunity of increasing the number of diabetes specialists will step up efforts in the fight against this ‘silent killer’, especially here in Africa where the burden of the disease is skyrocketing day and night. This will help save many lives.” Gloria Ani-asamoah Accra, Ghana “It is a privilege to acquire current knowledge in the management of diabetes. It is my hope that at the end of this course l will be a better advocate in diabetes prevention and offer comprehensive diabetes care. The time is now to curb the menace of disease.” Nujood Al Shirawi Intern, Dubai Health Authority, United Arab Emirates “Diabetes is a lifelong illness which affects the lives of more than 14% adults in UAE. With such a high percentage, everybody in the UAE knows individuals battling diabetes. I am grateful to Merck and Dubai Medical College for enabling the young doctors in the region to participate in such a program where a platform has been created for exchange of knowledge between national and international experts. I am looking forward to the diabetes diploma and believe it will add to my existing knowledge and help develop my understanding of this illness which affects nearly every organ in the body. It was a wonderful experience to be part of this award and I would encourage all my colleagues to participate in any future events.” Najmah Kuddah General Practitioner, University of Indonesia, Indonesia “Indonesia is the fifth largest population with diabetes, yet 73.7% is undiagnosed because of lack of awareness. One of them could be someone we love. This award means everything to me, so I can do something for my family, people and my country”. Dominic Oduro-Donkor Cape Coast Teaching Hospital, Ghana “In Ghana many people do not have access to healthcare services in order to identify, diagnose and treat diabetes and its complications. It is essential to achieve adequate diabetes care as the number of people living with the condition continues to escalate. There is also a need to commit resources to diabetes education across Ghana and the African continent at large. Until this happens large numbers of people will end up experiencing potentially preventable diabetes-related complications such as blindness, kidney failure and amputation. The reason why this award is important to me is because Merck has given me an opportunity to take my trade outside the consulting room and making it possible for me to help more people, to make my voice louder and to help those who can’t help themselves. Access to diabetic care in Africa will slowly grow with the initiation of this award, because it will create ‘diabetes scholars’ who will have more insight and knowledge on the best care needed for patients and how to facilitate it. Together, our voices will resonate the need for change and improved management strategies, which will change the face of diabetes care in Africa. The mobilization of professionals across the continent of Africa is the first step in forming a platform where ideas can be put across and shared to make diabetic care easily accessible.” Ken Munene Nkonge University of Nairobi, Kenya “Similar to other countries in Africa, majority of people living with diabetes in Kenya are diagnosed late, when the options available for preventing complications of the disease are few and suboptimal. I strongly believe that community-based preventative measures alongside early diagnosis and management of prediabetes and related comorbidities such as obesity and hypertension are essential to reducing the burden of type 2 diabetes on Kenya’s health care system. The Merck Diabetes Award is important to me because it will empower me with the knowledge and skills needed to make this belief a reality across Kenya. As the recipient of this award, I look forward to this amazing opportunity.” (Visited 9 times, 1 visits today) 0 Sur le même thème Africa Ghana Kenya Makerere University Merck Diabetes Award 2016-11-15 Jean Claude Le Roy Partager ! Précédent : Quatre raisons de la longévité au pouvoir de Paul Biya au Cameroun Suivant : Manifestation syndicale pendant le forum de la TISA à Ébène. Articles en relation Anil Gayan parle sécurité avec les acteurs du secteur touristique 29 janvier 2017 Dimans Politik 29 janvier 2017 Projet de Zone Ēconomique Spéciale au Sénégal 29 janvier 2017 Mise en place d’un réseau de bouées dérivantes dans le sud-ouest de l’Océan Indien 29 janvier 2017 Les numéros gagnants du tirage du loto du 28 janvier 2017 sont : 10-12-27-34-37-38 28 janvier 2017 Averses :Des arbres sur la route à Baie du Cap 28 janvier 2017 ARC Shopping Club Téléchargez notre apps Recevez nos news à la minute Saisissez votre adresse e-mail pour vous abonner à ce blog et recevoir une notification de chaque nouvel article par email. Adresse e-mail Africa News Emplacement Publicitaire Pub Vidéo Contribuez pour un meilleur Maurice Info Donate Maurice Info Option 1 $5.00 USD Option 2 $10.00 USD Option 3 $20.00 USD Option 4 $50.00 USD Publicité Market Me Videos 1/555 Next» By PoseLab Show more videos» Publicité Train 2 Gain Les Infos en images Votre pub ici Publicité Social Suivez-nous sur Twitter Mes Tweets Pub L’interview du Vendredi Salim Muthy H-12 media OnlineNewspapers Publicité Photo Satellite Live Traffic Stats Publicité Étiquettes Air Mauritius Alan Ganoo Autres Infos Beau Bassin CEO COI Consolidated Fund Dr Navin Ramgoolam Dr Vasant Bunwaree Europe France GRA Grand Baie Hennessy Park Hotel Ile Maurice Libre Afrique Loterie Nationale Madagascar Maurice Info mauritius MCB Mouvement Militant Mauricien MSM MTPA Nord Est Nord Ouest ONG Paris Parti Travailliste PME PMSD PNQ Pointe Aux Sables Port Louis Pravind Jugnauth Premier Ministre Quatre Bornes Radio One Rose Hill SBM Seychelles Seychelles Minister Sir Anerood Jugnauth TIC Xavier Luc Duval Texte Le Redacteur Maurice Info 8A Flat des Rosières Olivier Street Petit Verger Pointe aux Sables 11121 tel: 57 11 75 23 email : jessy@maurice-info.mu
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Dynavax Technologies Shares Decimated -- Is There Any Hope for Heplisav? The FDA rejects Dynavax's hepatitis B vaccine for the second time. What's next for the jinxed biotech? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Nov 15, 2016 at 8:03AM Dynavax Technologies (NASDAQ:DVAX) received devastating news on Monday. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) rejected the company's experimental hepatitis B vaccine Heplisav-B. Dynavax's shares plunged and closed nearly 65% lower on the announcement. Is there any hope for Heplisav -- and what will Dynavax do now? Image source: Getty Images. What the FDA said The FDA's complete response letter (CRL) asked for clarification on several items, including specific adverse events of special interest (AESIs) and a numerical imbalance in a small number of cardiac events in a single study. Additionally, the CRL asked for more information on new analyses of the integrated safety data base across different time periods and post-marketing commitments. It's also important what the FDA didn't say. The agency did not request any additional clinical trials. Neither did it appear to have any concerns with rare serious autoimmune events, according to Dynavax. Eddie Gray, Dynavax's CEO, said that "the CRL is consistent with our opinion that Heplisav-B is approvable." The company maintained its confidence in its clinical data on a conference call held to discuss the FDA's rejection of the experimental vaccine. In September, the FDA raised eyebrows by cancelling a review meeting originally scheduled for Nov. 16. At that time, the agency told Dynavax that it would provide information requests related to open questions. Dynavax management said that 25 FDA questions included in the CRL were already answered as part of this process. The company stated that "it would appear the agency could not fully assess the responses in the current review period," although the FDA still had another month before the scheduled decision date of Dec. 15. What will Dynavax do now? The last time that Dynavax received a CRL for Heplisav, the company buckled down and conducted additional clinical studies. With the FDA seemingly not asking for additional studies this time around, Dynavax must simply answer the agency's questions and hope for the best. Dynavax isn't giving up hope that Heplisav could eventually gain approval. However, the company apparently realizes that it won't be able to manage the process on its own. Gray said that Dynavax intends to find a partner to advance the program. While Gray didn't mention any potential partners, you'd have to think that Merck (NYSE:MRK) could be a possibility. The two companies are already working together to evaluate a combination of Merck's Keytruda with Dynavax's experimental toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9) agonist SD-101. Dynavax said that SD-101 will remain a top priority.  Merck also has a thriving vaccine business. Its Gardasil and ProQuad/M-M-R II/Varivax vaccines, are blockbusters. Merck also sells the Recombivax hepatitis B vaccine, which has some limitations compared to Heplisav. Dynavax won't wait to find a partner before responding to the FDA. Expect the company to move quickly, although Gray said a full response to the CRL probably won't be completed by the end of 2016. Looking ahead Although the FDA's decision wasn't a shock given the cancellation of the review meeting, it was still obviously a huge disappointment to Dynavax shareholders. There's at least one sliver of good news: Cash shouldn't be a problem for a while. Dynavax reported cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of $109.6 million at the end of the third quarter. The company felt that amount would carry it through late 2017. That shouldn't change, but it won't be surprising if Dynavax makes some cuts to stretch the cash out for as long as possible. The big open question, of course, is Heplisav's fate. After Dynavax responds to the FDA's CRL questions, the agency has six months to review the response. Perhaps by the third quarter of 2017 we'll know if the experimental hepatitis B vaccine still has any realistic hopes of approval.  Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Nov 15, 2016 at 8:03AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $61.75 up $0.55 (0.90%) Dynavax Technologies NASDAQ:DVAX $3.90 up $0.10 (2.63%) Read More Tax-Loss Selling: 3 Stocks to Dump Right Now Does This Upstart Pose a Threat to GlaxoSmithKline? Why Dynavax Technologies Shares Slid 12% in June 3 Biotech Stocks with Potential Upside: Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Dynavax, and Ariad What Will Dynavax Do if Heplisav-B Is Rejected? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Dynavax Technologies Shares Decimated -- Is There Any Hope for Heplisav? @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $DVAX
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Merck KGaA lifts profit guidance on lower development costs Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Healthcare | Tue Nov 15, 2016 | 1:14am EST Merck KGaA lifts profit guidance on lower development costs FRANKFURT Nov 15 German drugs and lab supplies maker Merck KGaA lifted its full-year profit forecast on lower drug development costs. Merck said on Tuesday it expected adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) of 4.45 to 4.6 billion euros ($4.78-$4.95 billion), where it had previously seen 4.25 to 4.40 billion. Merck, which is also the largest maker of high-tech chemicals for display screens, said third-quarter adjusted EBITDA rose 24 percent to 1.17 billion euros, above the average estimate of 1.11 billion euros by analysts in a Reuters poll. ($1 = 0.9302 euros) (Reporting by Ludwig Burger; Editing by Maria Sheahan) Next In Healthcare Dutch commit $10 million to replace lost U.S. abortion funding AMSTERDAM, Jan 28 The Netherlands has committed $10 million for an initiative to replace funding for abortion services in developing countries that will be lost due to U.S. President Donald Trump's ban on financing foreign groups that provide abortions. RPT-Trump aides divided over policy shielding 'dreamer' immigrants -sources WASHINGTON, Jan 28 Divisions have emerged among advisers to President Donald Trump over whether to rescind a signature policy of his predecessor, President Barack Obama, that shields young immigrants from deportation, according to congressional sources and Republicans close to the White House. Europe faces steep price increases for some old cancer drugs LONDON, Jan 28 European prices for some off-patent cancer drugs have risen by more than 100 percent in the past five years, with two cases of hikes exceeding 1,000 percent, according to data presented at a medical conference on Saturday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The Trump Bump: Why Biotech Stocks Are Up After the Election Here are three reasons biotechnology investors are cheering Donald Trump’s surprise victory. Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Nov 15, 2016 at 3:12PM Image source: Disney-ABC Television Group via Flickr. Since the election, the iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF (NASDAQ:IBB) has posted a 10% gain. That's well ahead of the 1.5% rise notched by the broad market benchmark S&P 500 over the same period. Hillary Clinton made curbing the rising cost of prescription medicines a cornerstone of her campaign, so it's no wonder her surprising defeat gave biotech investors a reason to cheer. Let's take a closer look at the biotech Trump bump, to gauge the chances it might continue. Price controls not a priority? Shortly after upsetting pollsters with a victory last week, the incoming Trump administration updated its healthcare policy. As expected, the president-elect is coming after the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, with a sledgehammer. Prescription drug prices, though, weren't even mentioned. Although it doesn't seem as if a Republican-controlled White House and Congress will give drug pricing much attention, the public isn't ready to sweep this issue under the rug. According to October's Kaiser Health Tracking Poll, a majority of Americans consider keeping chronic condition treatments affordable and lowering prescription drug prices top priorities for the soon-to-be-unified Republican White House and Congress. Bring it on home Another major component of the biotech Trump bump is the incoming administration's pledge to bring profits stashed offshore back home. If successful, the president-elect's plan to enact a one-time tax rate of just 10% on the repatriation of foreign profits could result in a nearly $100 billion U.S. drugmaker cash infusion. According to Evercore ISI, Amgen, Gilead Sciences, and Merck have around $34 billion, $25 billion, and $21 billion in cash, respectively, piling up overseas. Image source: Getty Images. Although clinical-stage biotechs without profits wouldn't benefit directly, repatriating those funds would give the big players a lot more ammunition to fund collaboration deals and outright acquisitions. Highly collaborative Ionis Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:IONS) has been one of the election's biggest winners, with a gain of about 50% since votes were cast. In the third quarter this year, Ionis Pharmaceuticals reported $85 million in license fees following acceptance of applications for Spiraza in the U.S. and EU. If approved, its partner Biogen will market the world's first available treatment for spinal muscular atrophy, which is expected to generate peak annual sales topping $1 billion. Since 2007, Ionis has received nearly $1.8 billion in cash from partners in one form or another. If massive cash repatriations for big biopharmas materialize, the stock could rise even further. Faster than fast Another significant part of the biotech Trump bump is a vague promise to reform the FDA and "put greater focus on the need of patients for new and innovative medical products." Exactly how the incoming administration would improve on existing FDA policies, though, is yet to be established. In recent years, the FDA has taken bold steps to create incentives for the development of treatments for diseases with unmet need. The breakthrough therapy designation, enacted in 2012, is applied to experimental drugs following early clinical evidence of a substantial improvement over anything currently available. The designation includes access to top-level staff to design lengthy clinical trials in a manner that addresses key regulatory concerns, and it shortens the review process by at least four months -- often much shorter for treatments with life-saving potential. Image source: Getty Images. With respect to the public, reducing expenses associated with bringing generic drugs to market might lead to increased competition, create lower prices, and improve accessibility in the process. For the biotech industry, though, Trump's vague intentions could lower the bar for orphan drugs, resulting in a rash of controversial approvals such as Exondys 51 from Sarepta Therapeutics. The first approved treatment to address the root cause of Duchenne muscular dystrophy won a green light despite a stunning lack of evidence proving its efficacy. Rather than insist the cash-strapped biotech reapply after generating satisfying clinical trial results, the agency caved in to mounting pressure from the muscular dystrophy community. Encouraging emotional patient advocates to force approvals for experimental drugs that haven't been proved safe and effective could put lives at risk, but it could also lower pre-approval development expenses. If the Trump administration takes clear steps in this direction, however misguided, it would continue lifting stock prices of biotechs developing rare-disease treatments. Cory Renauer owns shares of Gilead Sciences. You can follow Cory on Twitter @TMFang4apples or LinkedIn for more healthcare industry insight. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Biogen, Gilead Sciences, and Ionis Pharmaceuticals. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Cory is a long-term minded analyst focused on the Healthcare Sector. He genuinely enjoys cutting through the complexity to help everyday investors make better decisions. Follow @coryrenauer Article Info Nov 15, 2016 at 3:12PM Health Care Stocks Ionis Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:IONS $42.41 up $0.55 (1.31%) iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index NASDAQ:IBB $274.08 up $2.38 (0.88%) Read More Christmas Came Early for These Biotech Stocks 3 Ways Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Is Beating the Competition 3 Stocks That Could Make You Rich 3 Things You Need to Know About Ionis Pharmaceuticals' Pipeline These 3 Stocks Are Up Over 500% Over the Last 5 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current The Trump Bump: Why Biotech Stocks Are Up After the Election @themotleyfool #stocks $IONS, $IBB
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The Trump Bump: Why Biotech Stocks Are Up After the Election Here are three reasons biotechnology investors are cheering Donald Trump’s surprise victory. Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Nov 15, 2016 at 3:12PM Image source: Disney-ABC Television Group via Flickr. Since the election, the iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF (NASDAQ:IBB) has posted a 10% gain. That's well ahead of the 1.5% rise notched by the broad market benchmark S&P 500 over the same period. Hillary Clinton made curbing the rising cost of prescription medicines a cornerstone of her campaign, so it's no wonder her surprising defeat gave biotech investors a reason to cheer. Let's take a closer look at the biotech Trump bump, to gauge the chances it might continue. Price controls not a priority? Shortly after upsetting pollsters with a victory last week, the incoming Trump administration updated its healthcare policy. As expected, the president-elect is coming after the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, with a sledgehammer. Prescription drug prices, though, weren't even mentioned. Although it doesn't seem as if a Republican-controlled White House and Congress will give drug pricing much attention, the public isn't ready to sweep this issue under the rug. According to October's Kaiser Health Tracking Poll, a majority of Americans consider keeping chronic condition treatments affordable and lowering prescription drug prices top priorities for the soon-to-be-unified Republican White House and Congress. Bring it on home Another major component of the biotech Trump bump is the incoming administration's pledge to bring profits stashed offshore back home. If successful, the president-elect's plan to enact a one-time tax rate of just 10% on the repatriation of foreign profits could result in a nearly $100 billion U.S. drugmaker cash infusion. According to Evercore ISI, Amgen, Gilead Sciences, and Merck have around $34 billion, $25 billion, and $21 billion in cash, respectively, piling up overseas. Image source: Getty Images. Although clinical-stage biotechs without profits wouldn't benefit directly, repatriating those funds would give the big players a lot more ammunition to fund collaboration deals and outright acquisitions. Highly collaborative Ionis Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:IONS) has been one of the election's biggest winners, with a gain of about 50% since votes were cast. In the third quarter this year, Ionis Pharmaceuticals reported $85 million in license fees following acceptance of applications for Spiraza in the U.S. and EU. If approved, its partner Biogen will market the world's first available treatment for spinal muscular atrophy, which is expected to generate peak annual sales topping $1 billion. Since 2007, Ionis has received nearly $1.8 billion in cash from partners in one form or another. If massive cash repatriations for big biopharmas materialize, the stock could rise even further. Faster than fast Another significant part of the biotech Trump bump is a vague promise to reform the FDA and "put greater focus on the need of patients for new and innovative medical products." Exactly how the incoming administration would improve on existing FDA policies, though, is yet to be established. In recent years, the FDA has taken bold steps to create incentives for the development of treatments for diseases with unmet need. The breakthrough therapy designation, enacted in 2012, is applied to experimental drugs following early clinical evidence of a substantial improvement over anything currently available. The designation includes access to top-level staff to design lengthy clinical trials in a manner that addresses key regulatory concerns, and it shortens the review process by at least four months -- often much shorter for treatments with life-saving potential. Image source: Getty Images. With respect to the public, reducing expenses associated with bringing generic drugs to market might lead to increased competition, create lower prices, and improve accessibility in the process. For the biotech industry, though, Trump's vague intentions could lower the bar for orphan drugs, resulting in a rash of controversial approvals such as Exondys 51 from Sarepta Therapeutics. The first approved treatment to address the root cause of Duchenne muscular dystrophy won a green light despite a stunning lack of evidence proving its efficacy. Rather than insist the cash-strapped biotech reapply after generating satisfying clinical trial results, the agency caved in to mounting pressure from the muscular dystrophy community. Encouraging emotional patient advocates to force approvals for experimental drugs that haven't been proved safe and effective could put lives at risk, but it could also lower pre-approval development expenses. If the Trump administration takes clear steps in this direction, however misguided, it would continue lifting stock prices of biotechs developing rare-disease treatments. Cory Renauer owns shares of Gilead Sciences. You can follow Cory on Twitter @TMFang4apples or LinkedIn for more healthcare industry insight. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Biogen, Gilead Sciences, and Ionis Pharmaceuticals. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Cory is a long-term minded analyst focused on the Healthcare Sector. He genuinely enjoys cutting through the complexity to help everyday investors make better decisions. Follow @coryrenauer Article Info Nov 15, 2016 at 3:12PM Health Care Stocks Ionis Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:IONS $42.41 up $0.55 (1.31%) iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index NASDAQ:IBB $274.08 up $2.38 (0.88%) Read More Christmas Came Early for These Biotech Stocks 3 Ways Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Is Beating the Competition 3 Stocks That Could Make You Rich 3 Things You Need to Know About Ionis Pharmaceuticals' Pipeline These 3 Stocks Are Up Over 500% Over the Last 5 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current The Trump Bump: Why Biotech Stocks Are Up After the Election @themotleyfool #stocks $IONS, $IBB
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Dynavax Technologies Shares Decimated -- Is There Any Hope for Heplisav? The FDA rejects Dynavax's hepatitis B vaccine for the second time. What's next for the jinxed biotech? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Nov 15, 2016 at 8:03AM Dynavax Technologies (NASDAQ:DVAX) received devastating news on Monday. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) rejected the company's experimental hepatitis B vaccine Heplisav-B. Dynavax's shares plunged and closed nearly 65% lower on the announcement. Is there any hope for Heplisav -- and what will Dynavax do now? Image source: Getty Images. What the FDA said The FDA's complete response letter (CRL) asked for clarification on several items, including specific adverse events of special interest (AESIs) and a numerical imbalance in a small number of cardiac events in a single study. Additionally, the CRL asked for more information on new analyses of the integrated safety data base across different time periods and post-marketing commitments. It's also important what the FDA didn't say. The agency did not request any additional clinical trials. Neither did it appear to have any concerns with rare serious autoimmune events, according to Dynavax. Eddie Gray, Dynavax's CEO, said that "the CRL is consistent with our opinion that Heplisav-B is approvable." The company maintained its confidence in its clinical data on a conference call held to discuss the FDA's rejection of the experimental vaccine. In September, the FDA raised eyebrows by cancelling a review meeting originally scheduled for Nov. 16. At that time, the agency told Dynavax that it would provide information requests related to open questions. Dynavax management said that 25 FDA questions included in the CRL were already answered as part of this process. The company stated that "it would appear the agency could not fully assess the responses in the current review period," although the FDA still had another month before the scheduled decision date of Dec. 15. What will Dynavax do now? The last time that Dynavax received a CRL for Heplisav, the company buckled down and conducted additional clinical studies. With the FDA seemingly not asking for additional studies this time around, Dynavax must simply answer the agency's questions and hope for the best. Dynavax isn't giving up hope that Heplisav could eventually gain approval. However, the company apparently realizes that it won't be able to manage the process on its own. Gray said that Dynavax intends to find a partner to advance the program. While Gray didn't mention any potential partners, you'd have to think that Merck (NYSE:MRK) could be a possibility. The two companies are already working together to evaluate a combination of Merck's Keytruda with Dynavax's experimental toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9) agonist SD-101. Dynavax said that SD-101 will remain a top priority.  Merck also has a thriving vaccine business. Its Gardasil and ProQuad/M-M-R II/Varivax vaccines, are blockbusters. Merck also sells the Recombivax hepatitis B vaccine, which has some limitations compared to Heplisav. Dynavax won't wait to find a partner before responding to the FDA. Expect the company to move quickly, although Gray said a full response to the CRL probably won't be completed by the end of 2016. Looking ahead Although the FDA's decision wasn't a shock given the cancellation of the review meeting, it was still obviously a huge disappointment to Dynavax shareholders. There's at least one sliver of good news: Cash shouldn't be a problem for a while. Dynavax reported cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of $109.6 million at the end of the third quarter. The company felt that amount would carry it through late 2017. That shouldn't change, but it won't be surprising if Dynavax makes some cuts to stretch the cash out for as long as possible. The big open question, of course, is Heplisav's fate. After Dynavax responds to the FDA's CRL questions, the agency has six months to review the response. Perhaps by the third quarter of 2017 we'll know if the experimental hepatitis B vaccine still has any realistic hopes of approval.  Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Nov 15, 2016 at 8:03AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $61.75 up $0.55 (0.90%) Dynavax Technologies NASDAQ:DVAX $3.90 up $0.10 (2.63%) Read More Tax-Loss Selling: 3 Stocks to Dump Right Now Does This Upstart Pose a Threat to GlaxoSmithKline? Why Dynavax Technologies Shares Slid 12% in June 3 Biotech Stocks with Potential Upside: Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Dynavax, and Ariad What Will Dynavax Do if Heplisav-B Is Rejected? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Dynavax Technologies Shares Decimated -- Is There Any Hope for Heplisav? @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $DVAX
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 29 Jan 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Designing app to secure our modern mobile kingdoms Austria's OMV to increase its investments in Abu Dhabi Dubai to produce bio fuel from leftover food Ease of doing business in Dubai attracts investors Egypt determined to end housing crisis in 3 years Qatar's real estate market shows steady recovery Dubai’s private developers emerge winners in mortgages Dubai real estate brokers' commission $410 mln in 2016 Interpipe registers trademark in Saudi Arabia to fight fake steel El-Mohandes Coatings plans export rise to $10 mln at 2017-end Egypt's Abu Soma signs contract for Soma Bay Red Sea Resort Makkah Criminal Court drops crane case citing lack of jurisdiction Austria's OMV to increase its investments in Abu Dhabi Saudi Aramco's oil reserves confirmed by external audit South Sudan aims to more than double oil output in 2017/18 Algeria top gas supplier to Spain in 2016, eyes more EU exports S&P lowers Sharjah rating on rising debt burden Saudi banks likely to outperform GCC counterparts: report Moody's upgrades Afreximbank rating to 'Baa1' Abu Dhabi ADCB says majority shareholder stake now 62.52% Dubai Central Lab launches halal-testing service UAE's National Bonds registers 50% more female savers in 2016 Qatar International Islamic Bank Q4 net profit slips 7.2% Dubai Islamic Bank targets 10-15% loan growth in 2017 Designing app to secure our modern mobile kingdoms Alexa versus Siri Microsoft's market value tops $500 bln again after 17 years Apple strategy in 'smart home' race threatened by Amazon Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Scope for gig economy in UAE's employment landscape Egypt determined to end housing crisis in 3 years S&P lowers Sharjah rating on rising debt burden In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Scope for gig economy in UAE's employment landscape Dubai to produce bio fuel from leftover food Ease of doing business in Dubai attracts investors In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Jordan's King Abdullah to visit U.S. from Monday Syrian Observatory says army thwarts IS attack near Aleppo supply route Lebanon re-launches first oil and gas licensing round Egypt determined to end housing crisis in 3 years In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Morocco growth seen at 4.5% in 2017 vs 1.6% last year Algeria top gas supplier to Spain in 2016, eyes more EU exports In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Trump to speak to Saudi and UAE leaders today: White House Trump ban sparks U.S. immigration chaos, infuriates Muslims Under fire, UK's May criticises Trump curb on refugees Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Most of Gulf moves little, Kuwait rises Gulf to consolidate; few positive cues Alternatives thrive as UAE investors cast nets wide Mideast Stocks: Factors to watch today Most of Gulf moves little, Kuwait rises Alternatives thrive as UAE investors cast nets wide Mideast Stocks: Factors to watch today Saudi Aramco's oil reserves confirmed by external audit Fed to stop mortgage reinvestments in 2018: Morgan Stanley Dollar edges up, Mexican peso tumbles on Trump's tax proposal Egypt may sell bonds in Japanese and Chinese currencies Tunisia expects more bond issues this year Yemen's wheat reserves down to three months supply -UN official Syria's million-tonne Russian wheat deal in jeopardy Gold extends losses to two-week low as dollar rises Oil prices dip as rising U.S. output offsets OPEC-led cuts Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Dubai life guards must be certified by July US administration wants Guantanamo to remain open Saudi Arabia to penalize employers holding workers' passports Iran's Bank Tejarat files lawsuit in European Court of Justice In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Trump to speak to Saudi and UAE leaders today: White House Trump ban sparks U.S. immigration chaos, infuriates Muslims Under fire, UK's May criticises Trump curb on refugees US administration wants Guantanamo to remain open UAE busts 30 drug dealers FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines Interpipe registers trademark in Saudi Arabia to fight fake steel Call for restrictions on grant of new grocery licences in Qatar Saudi Arabia to penalize employers holding workers' passports Saudi Arabia sets deadline to stop using plastic bags, containers Oman courts get tough on consumer law violators Dubai life guards must be certified by July UAE residents urged to get 'no liability letter' after loans are repaid Ever-vigilant law-keepers keep UAE safe Saudi Shura Council rejects expat remittance tax Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Japanese flower exhibition opens in Dubai E-Cigarettes may lure teens who otherwise might not smoke Lindsay Lohan tells Syrian refugees to ‘be strong like Bana’ Community policing in UAE gets further boost Dubai’s first rehab clinic set to open E-Cigarettes may lure teens who otherwise might not smoke Two expats infected with MERS in critical condition Omani develops early prostate cancer diagnosis marker Call for Saudis to apply to US education program Japanese flower exhibition opens in Dubai Anime enthusiasm comes to UAE Camel trek riders head back to Dubai UAE Honey Festival now in February UK Princes William, Harry to erect statue of Princess Diana Saudi king to inaugurate Al-Janadriyah 31 festival Smart changing rooms on Dubai beaches Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort hikes membership fees to $200,000 Sushmita Sen arrives in Manila British actor John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant Man', dead at 77 Iranian actress to shun Oscars in protest of Trump immigrant ban Orwell's dystopian novel back as bestseller since Trump in power Tennis-Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream Federer final Olympics-Bolt returns gold medal from 2008 4x100 relay Soccer-Barcelona thrash Real Sociedad to reach King's Cup semis Golf-Tiger struggles at Torrey Pines, Rose sets pace Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article MSD Showcases Turning Point in Cancer Treatment in Jordan 15 November, 2016 Jordanian Oncologists resort to immunotherapy to improve cancer survival, using the first Anti-PD1 molecule approved by the FDA and the Ministry of Health in Jordan Amman, Jordan (15 November 2016)  A revolutionary development in cancer treatment, immune therapy drugs are now available in Jordan. Jordanian oncologists are using a new molecule- Pembrolizumab - to treat patients with advanced melanoma and lung cancer. Pembrolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body's immune system to detect and fight tumor cells. Pembrolizumab’s clinical development program includes more than 30 tumor types in more than 350 clinical studies, and more than 100 trials that combine Pembrolizumab with other cancer treatments. On this note, the leading research-driven international healthcare company Merck Sharp & Dohme, hosted a full day conference on Tuesday, the 15th of November, gathering local and international oncologists and specialists in the field, to officially launch the new medicine, approved by the FDA and the Jordanian Ministry of Health. Speakers discussed the role of Pembrolizumab in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer and melanoma. According to the latest issued statistics (2012 National Cancer Registry Report), the total number of Jordanian cancer cases was 5013, with 2346 cases for males (46.8%) while 2667 for females (53.2%). Lung cancer ranked among the top five cancers in Jordanians, and was the most common cancer among men 292 (12.4%). Pembrolizumab molecule is given at a dose of 2 mg/kg administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer and melanoma, either with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. On this occasion, MSD Middle East Medical Affairs Director of Oncology Dr. Ahmed Yosry said: "Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck Sharp & Dohme, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immunooncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey - from lab to clinic - to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer." On her part, Sana Al-Sukhun, President of the Jordan Oncology Society, commented by saying: “There is no doubt that cancer became an overwhelming problem worldwide. In Jordan as well, the incidence and burden of cancer are increasing and immunotherapy is the breakthrough discovery that holds promise to cancer patients in Jordan and worldwide.” Advertisement On the same note, Dr. Salah Abassi, President of the Jordanian Society of Hematology said: “Immunotherapy is the future of cancer treatment, and medical specialists in our region should start focusing more on this type of treatment, which is of great added value for the existing treatments, since it shows more promising results when combined with other types of treatment and has fewer side effects than other treatments, such as chemotherapy.” - Ends – About Merck Sharp & Dohme  Merck Sharp & Dohme, also known as Merck & Co., Inc. in the United States and Canada, is currently one of the largest healthcare companies in the world and a global leader in consumer products and animal care.  Merck Sharp & Dohme is currently among the fastest growing pharmaceutical companies in Jordan, employing over 48 team members, in addition to support staff, and ranks among the top 6 companies in the Jordanian market. Through its local distributors, Merck Sharp & Dohme Jordan provides innovative medications in several disease entities. Innovative products based on the highest level of scientific excellence including products for cardiovascular diseases, asthma, pain and inflammation, osteoporosis, neurological conditions and ophthalmic pathological disorders, in addition to several specialized hospital products and vaccines. © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Warba Bank names Simon Clements chief retail banking officer 24 Jan 2017 German Deutsche Bank appoints Fred Hilal head of wealth management in the Gulf region 24 Jan 2017 Oman's Ooredoo welcomes Ian Dench as new Chief Executive Officer Ian Dench joins the Company from the Ooredoo Group, where he served as Group Chief Commercial Officer. 24 Jan 2017 Bahrain's BBK bank announces the appointment of retail banking AGM 24 Jan 2017 Abdullah bin Khediya appointed General Coordinator of UAE's National Association of Freight and Logistics 24 Jan 2017 French AccorHotels appoints Olivier Granet as new Managing Director & Chief Operating Officer for Middle East and Africa 24 Jan 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Merck KGaA Raises Profit Forecast Aided by Health-Care Unit by Johannes Koch @jar_ko More stories by Johannes Koch November 15, 2016, 1:16 AM EST November 15, 2016, 3:09 AM EST German drugmaker has 24 percent jump in third-quarter profit New medicines likely to generate 2 billion euros by 2022 Merck KGaA's Priority Is to Pay Down Debt, Says Kuhnert Merck KGaA reported a 24 percent jump in third-quarter profit aided by a previous acquisition and boosted its earnings forecast for the year on lower-than-expected research costs in its health-care operations. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and excluding some costs is now expected to reach 4.45 billion euros ($4.78 billion) to 4.6 billion euros from the previous forecast of 4.25 billion euros to 4.4 billion euros, the Darmstadt, Germany-based company said in a statement on Tuesday. Its sales forecast for the year remained unchanged at 14.9 billion euros to 15.1 billion euros. Chief Executive Officer Stefan Oschmann has made it a priority to pay down debt accumulated from the $17 billion acquisition of pharmaceutical-equipment maker Sigma-Aldrich and accelerate cost savings from that business. In the pharmaceuticals division, its biggest business, Oschmann is counting on new experimental drugs to help revive sales. Ebitda excluding some costs rose to 1.17 billion euros, boosted by the Sigma-Aldrich operations that it bought last year. That beat the 1.1 billion euro average estimate of analysts surveyed by Bloomberg News. New drugs are likely to generate 2 billion euros in sales by 2022, the company said last month. Merck aims to launch one new drug a year starting next year; its strategy hinges on the approval of avelumab, which would be its first cancer drug since Erbitux was approved over a decade ago. Merck rose as much as 2.7 percent and was up 1.3 percent to 96.15 euros at 9:07 a.m. in German trading. The stock has gained 7.4 percent this year. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Google Recalls Staff to U.S. After Trump Immigration Order Trump’s Order on Refugee Limits Draws Iran Retaliation Threat Trump’s Visa Ban Order: The View From a Worried Middle East White House Defends Immigrant Ban After Travelers Stopped Merkel Takes on Starbucks in Bashing Over Unfair Tax Practices Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
    Follow Sign In press enter to search Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news NEWS politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY COMMUNITY Youth OPINION OPINION ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS LIFESTYLE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ARTS & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS FOOD BOOKS TRAVEL TRAVEL News Destinations VIDEO VIDEO VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS follow JPLUS     Register/ Sign In Sign In HOME LIFESTYLE entertainment arts & culture technology people health parents food books Video follow JPLUS     Register/ Sign In most viewed Lenovo introduces premium Motorola smartphones Tearjerker 'Lion' makes you rethink your life Amid mourning, Thailand divided over Chinese New Year fashion Jakarta Sneaker Day lures fans with rare models, mixed program Steve Harvey arrives in Manila to host Miss Universe Health Indonesian student among 2016 Diabetes Award winners Ni Nyoman Wira The Jakarta Post Jakarta | Tue, November 15, 2016 | 03:48 pm Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    The competition invited participants to propose ideas to improve the early detection and prevention of diabetes in their own countries, as well as encourage their societies, scientific communities, local authorities, media outlets and relevant stakeholders to think and act on diabetes-related issues every day. (Shutterstock/File) In accordance with World Diabetes Day that falls on Nov. 14, science and technology company Merck has announced its list of 2016 Diabetes Award winners from universities in Africa and Asia. On the list is Najmah Kuddah, a student with the School of Medicine at the University of Indonesia. “Indonesia has the world’s fifth largest population with diabetes, yet 73.7 percent of it goes undiagnosed due to a lack of awareness. This could be someone we love,” Najmah said in a press release. “This award means everything to me. I can do something for my family and my country.” (Read also: Why breakfast is a must for adolescents) Prior to the announcement, the award committee received 500 concept submission applications from medical students from universities across Africa and Asia. The competition invited participants to propose ideas to improve the early detection and prevention of diabetes in their own countries, as well as encourage their societies, scientific communities, local authorities, media outlets and relevant stakeholders to think and act on diabetes-related issues every day. Ten participants were selected as winners and, in addition to Indonesia, they hail from Kenya, India, Uganda, Ghana and the United Arab Emirates. All winners will receive a one year postgraduate diabetes diploma from the University of South Wales in the United Kingdom. The Merck Diabetes Award is part of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program launched in April this year. (kes) Tags : diabetes,diabetes-award,world-diabetes-day,awards,merck follow JPLUS     Join the discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Hot Stories Food 2 days ago Where in the world to feast for Chinese New Year Science & Tech 2 days ago Scientists take first steps to growing human organs in pigs Entertainment 2 days ago Elton John tapped to write 'The Devil Wears Prada' musical NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2017 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
null


Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 1/28 Trump Order Barring Refugees Sparks Protests, Praise 1/28 Updated Trump visa ban also applies to citizens with dual nationality: State Department 1/28 Here's why tech giants want to keep content cheap 1/28 Does Jaguar’s new sedan live up to the brand’s legacy? 1/28 Updated Trump says immigration ban ‘working out very nicely,’ while ACLU, others file lawsuit 1/28 Why Trump’s golf courses in Scotland are just like Carrier’s plant in Mexico 1/28 Updated 12 detained at New York airport under refugee ban 1/28 Updated Trump and Putin discuss fighting terrorism on the phone 1/28 Calexit movement gets a go-ahead 1/28 Updated How do I find my late father’s will when my stepmother is blocking the way? 1/28 Updated Here are the safest airlines to fly in 2017 1/28 Updated This is how much the White House is worth in 2017 1/28 Updated Fund that almost tripled the S&P 500’s gain last year is now big on health-care stocks 1/28 Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 1/28 Updated 10 ‘Dividend Aristocrat’ stocks expected to rise up to 22% as you get paid to wait 1/28 Updated The 10 cheapest, fastest-growing and most beloved Dow stocks 1/28 Updated Iran calls Trump’s order ‘an obvious insult to the Islamic world’ 1/28 Updated Weekend roundup: Dow 20,000 | Trump and your investments | How companies confuse you with ‘earnings’ 1/28 Updated This explains why Donald Trump calls his loyal supporters the ‘forgotten people’ 1/28 Updated This chart shows how Republicans and Democrats feel about their money right now Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Press Release Bladder Cancer Pipeline Market Global Analysis and Therapeutics Development for H2 2016 By Published: Nov 15, 2016 3:00 a.m. ET Share PUNE, India, November 15, 2016 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- PUNE, India, November 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ReportsnReports.com adds "Bladder Cancer - Pipeline Review, H2 2016" to its store, providing comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Bladder Cancer, complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The report also covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. Additionally, the report provides an overview of key players involved in therapeutic development for Bladder Cancer and features dormant and discontinued projects. Bladder cancer occurs in tissues of the urinary bladder. Symptoms include blood or blood clots in the urine, frequent urination, lower back pain on one side of the body and burning during urination. Risk factors for bladder cancer include smoking, exposure to substances such as rubber, certain dyes and textiles, paint, and hairdressing supplies, diet rich in fried meats and fat, old age, sex and color, certain parasitic infections. Treatment of bladder cancer includes chemotherapy, surgery, biological therapy and radiation therapy. Complete report on Global Bladder Cancer Market Research with 151 market data tables and 17 figures, spread across 742 pages is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/747719-bladder-cancer-pipeline-review-h2-2016.html . Company Analysis and Positioning discussed in this research are 4SC AG, Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc, ADC Therapeutics SA, Agenus Inc, Altor BioScience Corporation, AndroScience Corporation, APIM Therapeutics AS, Arno Therapeutics, Inc., Astellas Pharma Inc., Astex Pharmaceuticals Inc, Aura Biosciences, Inc., AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Azaya Therapeutics, Inc., Bavarian Nordic A/S, Bayer AG BioCancell Ltd, Biomics Biotechnologies Co., Ltd., Bioncotech Therapeutics SL, Biotest AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Celgene Corporation, Cellceutix Corporation, Celldex Therapeutics, Inc., Celprogen, Inc., Celsion Corporation, Codagenix, Inc., Cold Genesys, Inc., Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc, CytomX Therapeutics, Inc., DormaTarg, Inc., Eisai Co., Ltd., Eleven Biotherapeutics Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Elsalys Biotech SAS, enGene, Inc, Esperance Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Exelixis, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc., Gene Signal International SA, Genmab A/S, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, H3 Biomedicine Inc., Hamlet Pharma AB, Heat Biologics, Inc., HEC Pharm Co., Ltd., Hutchison MediPharma Limited, Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc., ImmuNext, Inc., Immunocore Limited, Immunomedics, Inc., Immupharma Plc, InteRNA Technologies B.V., Johnson & Johnson, LipoMedix Pharmaceutical Inc., MacroGenics, Inc., MaxiVAX SA, Meabco A/S, Medicenna Therapeutics, Inc., MedImmune LLC, Merck & Co., Inc., Merck KGaA, Mirati Therapeutics Inc., Mirna Therapeutics, Inc., Miyarisan Pharmaceutical Company, Ltd, Moleculin Biotech Inc, NanoCarrier Co., Ltd., Nektar Therapeutics, NuCana BioMed Limited, Omeros Corporation, Oncogenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Oncolytics Biotech Inc., OncoTherapy Science, Inc., Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Optimum Therapeutics, LLC, Pfizer Inc., Pharma Mar, S.A., Philogen S.p.A., Plexxikon Inc., Polaris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Provectus Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., PsiOxus Therapeutics Limited, Rexahn Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Rodos BioTarget GmbH, Sanofi, Savoy Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Serometrix, LLC, Shionogi & Co., Ltd., Sillajen Biotherapeutics, Sorrento Therapeutics Inc, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Stemline Therapeutics, Inc., Sun Pharma Advanced Research Co Ltd, Synovo GmbH, Taiwan Liposome Company, Ltd., Tara Immuno-Oncology Therapeutics LLC, Taris Biomedical LLC, Telormedix SA, TesoRx Pharma LLC, Theravectys SA, Theryte Limited, Transgene SA, UroGen Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., Vakzine Projekt Management GmbH, Vault Pharma Inc., Vaxeal Holding SA, Vaxiion Therapeutics, Inc. and Viralytics Ltd. Order a copy of this report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=747719 . The Bladder Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Bladder Cancer and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical and Discovery stages are 1, 9, 44, 35, 2, 56 and 12 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical and Discovery stages comprises 3, 1, 12 and 2 molecules, respectively. Bladder Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Explore more reports on Pharmaceuticals. About Us:    ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 100+ leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. Contact:Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole, Next to inox theatre, Bund garden road, Pune-411001 Maharashtra, India. Tel:  +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsnreports.com Connect With Us on: Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/ReportsnReports/ LinkedIn:  https://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports Twitter:   https://twitter.com/marketsreports G+ / Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/111656568937629536321/posts RSS/Feeds:   http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why Trump’s golf courses in Scotland are just like Carrier’s plant in Mexico Trump visa ban also applies to citizens with dual nationality: State Department Serena Williams beats sister Venus to win record 23rd Grand Slam title Apple earnings: iPhone 7 could break streak of shrinking sales These 85 stocks are now on a ‘buy’ list as Donald Trump takes office MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Skip to main content Log In      Register Search form Search Home News Current Issue Archives Original Research About STAY IN TOUCH! NEWSLETTERS AVAILABLE: P&T and drug management daily news Editor’s letter (bimonthly) Managed Care table of contents (monthly) Follow us Editor’s Desk PharmD Corner Viewpoints Subscribe New subscription Address or subscription changes Some Admirable Drug Companies Do A Lot for the Poor In every presidential election certain industries and segments of society reliably get tainted as bad guys: coal, oil, banks, Wall Street. Fairly or unfairly (we’ll forgo the well-vetted pros and cons talking points—the election’s over) they are targeted as greedy and unfeeling. Health insurers and pharmaceutical companies take their share of hits. Pharmaceutical companies looked warily upon the Access to Medicine Index when it was first introduced in 2008, reports the New York Times. The list ranks companies in terms of their efforts to get their life-enhancing and/or life-saving products to poor people around the world. Many companies did not offer requested information. Now, almost all pharmaceutical companies participate. GSK ranks first this year, as it has since 2008. Johnson & Johnson has risen to number two, followed by Novartis and the American and European versions of Merck, once two separate divisions, but now two separate companies.   The New York Times: “The list’s companies collectively have 850 products that treat 51 diseases that burden poor and middle-income countries, said Jayasree K. Iyer, the executive director of the Access to Medicine Foundation, which produces the list. The drug companies are developing another 420 products, often in partnerships with smaller companies in India or elsewhere. Source: New York Times Read Next Gretchen Jacobson Kaiser Family Foundation Medicare Advantage: Plans on a roll. Will they continue to rock? Well, they’ve defied expectations so far. It was expected that MA enrollment would decline from 10.9 million enrollees (or 24% of all Medicare enrollment) to 8.2 million (15% of Medicare’s total enrollment). Instead, enrollment has continued to climb. In 2016, 17.6 million Medicare beneficiaries—or 31% of all beneficiaries—were in MA plans. April Kunze Prime Therapeutics Biosimilars: Patent litigation could make 2017 no ‘dancing’ matter No matter how you slice it, 2016 was a banner year for biosimilars. Still, the high-stakes marketing, regulatory, and legal combat between originators and biosimilars is a long way from over. So far, the originators have been able to hold their ground and thwart the launch of biosimilars with patent lawsuits. “Top 15” List Predicts Best-Selling Cancer Drugs in 2022 FiercePharma has compiled a list of the top 15 cancer medications that are expected to dominate the oncology market in 2022. The reviews are in! CMS Rating of Hospitals Gets 1.5 Stars The problem, say hospitals and some analysts, is that rating hospital quality is not so straightforward. How a hospital delivers care is multifactorial and complex, they argue, so trying to cram that into a single score is misleading and can end up like rating a restaurant on its parking. Avedis Donabedian, MD The Missing Ingredient In Quality Measurement The measures most often used today to assess care quality are process measures. Actual outcomes, of course, are harder to measure than whether a certain action has been taken—checking the feet of a patient with diabetes, for example. But many experts don’t think process measures get at the heart of quality. FDA Warns About General Anesthesia and Sedation in the Young or Pregnant The FDA warns that repeated or lengthy use of general anesthetic and sedation drugs during surgeries or procedures in children younger than 3 years old or in pregnant women during their third trimester may affect the development of children’s brains. Peggy O’Kane HEDIS Is the Hassle That Became a Habit After 25 years, the Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (HEDIS) is still criticized for focusing on process and taking up doctors’ time. But it has been incorporated into physicians’ workflow and may yet be instrumental in bringing about value-based care. PBMs: Higher profile puts them in the crosshairs As their clout has grown, so has the scrutiny on them. For instance, the Department of Justice and U.S. attorneys for the Southern District of New York and Massachusetts are beginning to investigate the industry’s pricing structures, client payment plans, and patient assistance programs. Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini Insurers: Trump trumps all expectations The only certainty seemed to be lots of uncertainty. Many of the assumptions about the marketplace that insurance executives, providers, and employers use to make business decisions no longer apply. “We started with a fresh piece of paper yesterday,” Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini said at a conference on health care sponsored by the New York Times. HHS Sec.-Designee Tom Price Repeal and replace: Maybe not so fast, maybe not all of it A few days after his victory, President-elect Trump told the Wall Street Journal and later CBS’s 60 Minutes that he will consider leaving parts of the law in place, including allowing individuals under 26 to stay on their parents’ insurance and not letting insurers deny coverage to people with pre-existing conditions.   Latest Issue Table of Contents, January 2017 Digital Edition Download in PDF Subscribe App now available in the App Store Most Popular Viewed Past: 1 day 1 month 1 year User login Username or e-mail * Password * Create new account Request new password Contact Us Editorial: Peter Wehrwein, Editor Advertising: Maureen Dwyer Liberti,     Vice President, Group Publisher Production: Dawn Flook,     Director of Production Services Circulation: Jackie Ott,     Circulation Manager Webmaster: Webmaster Useful Links Terms & Conditions for Using this Site Contact Us Call for Manuscripts Subscribe Address or Subscription Changes 2017 Editorial Calendar 2017 Ratecard and Production Specs 2017 Space and Materials Due Dates 2016 Ratecard and Production Specs 2016 Space and Materials Due Dates BPA Statement Managed Care TV Classifieds Site Map Contact webmaster P&T Community Follow us ©2017 MediMedia, an ICON plc company. All rights reserved.
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Pharma * Competitive Intelligence * ci * More Tags... Industry News * Medical * More Industries... News By Location * prague   prague   Czech Republic * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News January 2017 Su Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo 29 28 27 26 25 24 23 Groundbreaking Agenda Set for Pharma CI Europe Conference & Exhibition Best practices, new strategic tools up for discussion this 21-22 February in Prague     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Pharma * Competitive Intelligence * ci Industry: * Medical Location: * prague - prague - Czech RepublicPRAGUE, Czech Republic - Nov. 15, 2016 - PRLog -- The top competitive intelligence professionals from across the globe will be participating 21-22 February at the Pharma CI Europe Conference & Exhibition at the Prague Marriott Hotel in Prague, Czech Republic. Registration for the event is open on Pharma CI's website (pharmaciconference.com). This year's agenda will feature dynamic keynotes from accomplished speakers new to the conference: ·         Disrupt or Adapt? Presented by Nick Melnyk, County Chair & General Manager, Sanofi ·         Challenges of Market Access in CEE with Focus on Rare Disease Medications Presented by Jiří Heřmánek, General Manager, Central & Eastern Europe, Amicus Therapeutics Some of the other agenda highlights include: ·         Best Practices of CI Outside of the Pharma Industry ·         Exploring the Changing Face of Competitive Strategy ·         Competitive Intelligence as a Driver for External Innovation in R&D Context ·         Impacting Strategies – Rethinking the Role of Competitive Intelligence ·         And Much More! In addition, we've worked with leading companies to develop exclusive Masterclass/Workshop sessions to be held Monday, 20 February, the day before the event. These intensive courses offer a level of depth that is unmatched. You'll need to register separately for these classes but space is limited so be sure to reserve your spot. We've also enhanced the networking opportunities for this year's event, providing a professional yet casual setting for attendees to engage with a diverse selection of their peers and colleagues. The Pharma CI Europe Conference is the best place to find the most celebrated group of companies in one location. Some of the companies taking part this year include: Actelion, Almirall S.A., Amicus Therapeutics, AstraZeneca, Bayer, Cambridge Healthcare Research, Celgene, Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A., Deallus Consulting, Deutsche Telekom AG, Diaceutics Group, Dig Worldwide, Elanco, Evaluate, First Word, GSK, Helsinn Healthcare S.A., IMS Health, INOVIS, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies, LARVOL, Lifescience Dynamics, Minesoft, Merck/ MSD, Merck Group, Molekule Consulting, Novaliq, Novartis Pharma AG, Novo Nordisk A/S, Olympus Surgical Technologies Europe, PharmaForce International, Philips Healthcare, Prescient Healthcare Group, Roche, Sanofi, Sanofi, Shield Therapuetics, SOTIO a.s., Springer, Takeda, UCB Pharma, Voxx Analytics, Zambon, and many more. To register to attend the conference, go to: http://pharmaciconference.com/ To view the detailed agenda, go to: http://pharmaciconference.com/ For more information, call +1-212-228-7974 or email info@pharmaciconference.com Contact Pharma CI Conference & Exhibition ***@pharmaciconference.com End Source : Pharma CI Conference & Exhibition Email : ***@pharmaciconference.com Tags : Pharma, Competitive Intelligence, ci Industry : Medical Location : prague - prague - Czech Republic Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Pharma CI Conference News Pharma CI Europe Conference & Exhibition Sets Stellar Keynotes from Top General Managers Standard Rate Ends Friday: PMRC Brings Together Senior-Level Executives to Discuss Industry Pharma Market Research Conference Embraces Innovation, Integration European Pharma Market Research Conference 2016: More Innovation, More Companies, More Connections Berlin Set to Host Best Pharma Market Research Conference Trending Ashley Russo to Host 2017 Lehigh Valley Wine Gala and Dinner Don Barnhart Returns To Las Vegas Performing Nightly At Jokesters Comedy Club CKQ Reunion Concert: drummer Matt Wilson w/ original bandmates Kohlhase, & more Kcancer Hosts Forum On Food and Cancer G-PMC Group to Certify Lockheed Martin Suppliers for AS9100 and ISO 9001:2015 Certification Daily News Ashley Russo to Host 2017 Lehigh Valley Wine Gala and Dinner - 267 views New Book Aims to Combat Movie's Villainization of Dissociative Identity Disorder - 206 views Axiomtek's 19" Industrial Touch Panel PC for Kiosk Applications and HMI use – the P1197E-500 - 188 views The 5th Annual Unsung Heroes Leadership Awards Dinner Set for March 12, 2017 - 180 views Kcancer Hosts Forum On Food and Cancer - 143 views Weekly News Dale Sorensen Real Estate announces development of industrial style lofts - 3120 views SOCIALDEALER Welcomes Kerry Kolde as Chief Revenue Officer - 2794 views UPSL Announces Creation and Launch of Women's United Premier Soccer League - 2133 views Emoluments Law Suit, Filed Today, Haunted by Past Debacle - 1944 views Award-Winning News Anchor, Michelle Wright, Joins Cast of The Hunchback of Notre Dame - 1588 views Daily News Ashley Russo to Host 2017 Lehigh Valley Wine Gala and Dinner - 267 views New Book Aims to Combat Movie's Villainization of Dissociative Identity Disorder - 206 views Axiomtek's 19" Industrial Touch Panel PC for Kiosk Applications and HMI use – the P1197E-500 - 188 views The 5th Annual Unsung Heroes Leadership Awards Dinner Set for March 12, 2017 - 180 views Kcancer Hosts Forum On Food and Cancer - 143 views Weekly News Dale Sorensen Real Estate announces development of industrial style lofts - 3120 views SOCIALDEALER Welcomes Kerry Kolde as Chief Revenue Officer - 2794 views UPSL Announces Creation and Launch of Women's United Premier Soccer League - 2133 views Emoluments Law Suit, Filed Today, Haunted by Past Debacle - 1944 views Award-Winning News Anchor, Michelle Wright, Joins Cast of The Hunchback of Notre Dame - 1588 views PTC News Cavium to Contribute the First Programmable Wedge 100C Switch Design to OCP - 442 views Matthew Lewis of 'Harry Potter' To Make Wizard World Comic Con Debut In Portland, February 18-19 - 329 views Simmons, Hall, Brown, Carpenter Top Celebrities At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, March 17-19 - 225 views First Bancorp of Indiana, Inc. Announces Financial Results - 205 views Jingwei International Limited Changes Name and Effects Reverse Stock Split - 191 views Nov 15, 2016 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Bladder Cancer Pipeline Market Global Analysis and Therapeutics Development for H2 2016 News provided by ReportsnReports Nov 15, 2016, 03:00 ET Share this article PUNE, India, November 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ReportsnReports.com adds "Bladder Cancer - Pipeline Review, H2 2016" to its store, providing comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Bladder Cancer, complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The report also covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. Additionally, the report provides an overview of key players involved in therapeutic development for Bladder Cancer and features dormant and discontinued projects. Bladder cancer occurs in tissues of the urinary bladder. Symptoms include blood or blood clots in the urine, frequent urination, lower back pain on one side of the body and burning during urination. Risk factors for bladder cancer include smoking, exposure to substances such as rubber, certain dyes and textiles, paint, and hairdressing supplies, diet rich in fried meats and fat, old age, sex and color, certain parasitic infections. Treatment of bladder cancer includes chemotherapy, surgery, biological therapy and radiation therapy. Complete report on Global Bladder Cancer Market Research with 151 market data tables and 17 figures, spread across 742 pages is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/747719-bladder-cancer-pipeline-review-h2-2016.html . Company Analysis and Positioning discussed in this research are 4SC AG, Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc, ADC Therapeutics SA, Agenus Inc, Altor BioScience Corporation, AndroScience Corporation, APIM Therapeutics AS, Arno Therapeutics, Inc., Astellas Pharma Inc., Astex Pharmaceuticals Inc, Aura Biosciences, Inc., AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Azaya Therapeutics, Inc., Bavarian Nordic A/S, Bayer AG BioCancell Ltd, Biomics Biotechnologies Co., Ltd., Bioncotech Therapeutics SL, Biotest AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Celgene Corporation, Cellceutix Corporation, Celldex Therapeutics, Inc., Celprogen, Inc., Celsion Corporation, Codagenix, Inc., Cold Genesys, Inc., Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc, CytomX Therapeutics, Inc., DormaTarg, Inc., Eisai Co., Ltd., Eleven Biotherapeutics Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Elsalys Biotech SAS, enGene, Inc, Esperance Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Exelixis, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc., Gene Signal International SA, Genmab A/S, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, H3 Biomedicine Inc., Hamlet Pharma AB, Heat Biologics, Inc., HEC Pharm Co., Ltd., Hutchison MediPharma Limited, Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc., ImmuNext, Inc., Immunocore Limited, Immunomedics, Inc., Immupharma Plc, InteRNA Technologies B.V., Johnson & Johnson, LipoMedix Pharmaceutical Inc., MacroGenics, Inc., MaxiVAX SA, Meabco A/S, Medicenna Therapeutics, Inc., MedImmune LLC, Merck & Co., Inc., Merck KGaA, Mirati Therapeutics Inc., Mirna Therapeutics, Inc., Miyarisan Pharmaceutical Company, Ltd, Moleculin Biotech Inc, NanoCarrier Co., Ltd., Nektar Therapeutics, NuCana BioMed Limited, Omeros Corporation, Oncogenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Oncolytics Biotech Inc., OncoTherapy Science, Inc., Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Optimum Therapeutics, LLC, Pfizer Inc., Pharma Mar, S.A., Philogen S.p.A., Plexxikon Inc., Polaris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Provectus Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., PsiOxus Therapeutics Limited, Rexahn Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Rodos BioTarget GmbH, Sanofi, Savoy Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Serometrix, LLC, Shionogi & Co., Ltd., Sillajen Biotherapeutics, Sorrento Therapeutics Inc, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Stemline Therapeutics, Inc., Sun Pharma Advanced Research Co Ltd, Synovo GmbH, Taiwan Liposome Company, Ltd., Tara Immuno-Oncology Therapeutics LLC, Taris Biomedical LLC, Telormedix SA, TesoRx Pharma LLC, Theravectys SA, Theryte Limited, Transgene SA, UroGen Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., Vakzine Projekt Management GmbH, Vault Pharma Inc., Vaxeal Holding SA, Vaxiion Therapeutics, Inc. and Viralytics Ltd. Order a copy of this report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=747719 . The Bladder Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Bladder Cancer and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical and Discovery stages are 1, 9, 44, 35, 2, 56 and 12 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical and Discovery stages comprises 3, 1, 12 and 2 molecules, respectively. Bladder Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Explore more reports on Pharmaceuticals. About Us:    ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 100+ leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole, Next to inox theatre, Bund garden road, Pune-411001 Maharashtra, India. Tel:  +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsnreports.com Connect With Us on: Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/ReportsnReports/ LinkedIn:  https://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports Twitter:   https://twitter.com/marketsreports G+ / Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/111656568937629536321/posts RSS/Feeds:   http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports Nov 15, 2016, 07:30 ET Preview: Liquid Packaging Market Growth Dominated by APAC: 5.4% CAGR to 2021 Nov 14, 2016, 07:30 ET Preview: Chemical Sensors Market to Grow at 10.15% CAGR by 2021 as Demand from Medical and Automotive Sectors Increases My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 27, 2017, 12:00 ETAutomated External Defibrillator (AED) Market Size, Share... Jan 27, 2017, 11:00 ETBlood Plasma Market 2017-2021 Key Regions Competitive Analysis Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Bladder Cancer Pipeline Market Global Analysis and Therapeutics Development for H2 2016 News provided by ReportsnReports Nov 15, 2016, 03:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
null
arrow-down arrow-left arrow-right arrow-up chevron-up chevron-left chevron-right chevron-up close comment-new email-new gallery grid headphones-new heart-filled heart-open map-geolocator map-pushpin Artboard 1 Artboard 1 Artboard 1 minus ng-border pause play plus replay screen Artboard 1 share facebook github Artboard 1 Artboard 1 linkedin linkedin_in pinterest pinterest_p snapchat snapchat_2 tumblr twitter vimeo vine whatsapp speaker star-filled star-open zoom-in-new zoom-out-new http://news.nationalgeographic.com/2016/11/mark-kendall-explorer-moments-micro-spikes-deliver-vaccines.html Explorer Moments Fear of Needles? There's New Tech on the Way Biomedical engineer Mark Kendall's innovative Nanopatch could revolutionize medical vaccinations. Learn more about the Nanopatch. The hypodermic syringe needle has been striking fear in patients since the 1850s. But it could be relegated to the history books within a decade by a revolutionary medical device that promises to deliver far more than pain-free medicine. Biomedical engineer Mark Kendall's needle-free Nanopatch is tinier than a postage stamp but huge on potential impact. Its portability could help lower global mortality rates from tuberculosis, malaria, HPV, and other infectious diseases—which account for millions of deaths every year—and help to eradicate others, such as polio. View Images Kendall examines Nanopatches. Made from silicon wafers, they're embedded with tiny spikes that are coated with vaccine. Photograph by Julian Kingma, Rolex Awards Unlike many vaccines that require cold-chain protection to maintain efficacy from factory to storage, the Nanopatch needs no refrigeration—it's embedded with thousands of tiny spikes that are dry coated with vaccine. That's a boon in undeveloped regions lacking the electricity to keep medications cold. Moreover, the Nanopatch, which attaches to the skin by a spring-loaded device, pushes medications into multiple cells just below the skin, a more effective immune response than needle syringes, which inject drugs into muscle, Kendall says. It's also safer than hypodermic needles, which injure scores of patients and expose health-care workers to disease. “Old technology may be hard to beat, but we think we have something that can finally beat old technology,” says Kendall, 44, a Rolex Laureate. He came up with the Nanopatch in 2004, while he was a researcher at Oxford University. He's already checked out the potential use in Papua New Guinea, which has one of the world’s highest rates of HPV-related cervical cancer but little access to preventative medications. You Might Also Like Watch Alien Worlds Whirl Around a Distant Star 3 Things You Need to Know About the Science Rebellion Against Trump Dreamlike Photos of Planes Flying Past the Sun and Moon “It’s a great place [for a] test case—a country the size of France that has only 800 refrigerators, many not working or … in areas that aren’t accessible to a lot of people,’’ says Kendall, who’s now a professor at Australia's University of Queensland. Vaxxas, the biotech company Kendall founded, drew millions in investment capital. The company has potential deals with pharmaceutical giants such as Merck and has drawn interest from the World Health Organization, which will conduct an injectable polio vaccine study in 2017. View Images Kendall talks with medical students at Papua New Guinea's Port Moresby Hospital. Photograph by Julian Kingma, Rolex Awards Earlier this year, Vaxxas, along with Kendall's research team at the University of Queensland's Australian Institute for Bioengineering and Nanotechnology and the WHO, tested an inactivated poliovirus vaccine in lab rats. The tests found the Nanopatch effective using 1/40th of the usual poliovirus vaccine dosage, Kendall says. Clearly, getting new pharmaceuticals and delivery systems to market takes years of additional research and capital. Vaxxas CEO David Hoey says the company is seeking U.S. market approval first. Initial tests were required on a vaccine-free Nanopatch just to determine if the delivery system was safe to humans. Broader, multiphase clinical studies required for U.S. market approval could take five to seven years, Hoey says. Kendall says he realized that his invention, which started out as a doodle on a notepad, would take at least a decade to bring to market. “The prospect of making something that could make a difference to millions of people is a wonderful feeling—there's nothing else I'd rather be doing,’’ he says. "But I'm not going to be satisfied until we get this out of the lab and get it where it's needed the most." National Geographic produced this content as part of a partnership with the Rolex Awards for Enterprise. Kendall and other explorers will be featured on the Rolex Awards for Enterprise 40th Anniversary program, airing on the National Geographic Channel Friday, November 18, at 7:30 p.m. ET/6:30 CT. Comment on This Story © 1996-2017 National Geographic Society.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market - U.S. Industry Analysis, Pipeline Assessment, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2012 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Nov 14, 2016, 21:18 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Nov. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Bacterial conjunctivitis is a commonly encountered eye problem across the world, caused by various bacterial strains such as streptococci, staphylococci, chlamydial, and gonococci organisms. Majority of the cases of bacterial conjunctivitis are self-limited and acute and not a major cause of morbidity. This study provides market analysis for various antibacterial drug classes used for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis. The stakeholders of this study comprise established pharmaceutical companies involved in the commercialization of antibacterial drugs as well as new participants who wish to enter the U.S. market. This market study provides a complete analysis of the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. and helps in identifying various market governing factors. The market overview section provides exhaustive information of the incidence rate of bacterial conjunctivitis, list of API manufacturers, patent challenges, market trends such as drivers, restraints, and growth opportunities that currently control the dynamics of the overall market. The section also recommends and predicts the future conditions of the market. Market strategy tools such as event impact assessment and Porter's Five Forces analysis have also been incorporated in this report to provide balanced analysis about the level of competition within the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. Executive summary provided in the report encapsulates comprehensive insights about every segment considered in this study. Besides, it includes a market snapshot, which offers a glimpse into the current scenario of the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. in terms of current and future market size along cumulative growth rate. Additionally, this study includes a regulatory framework segment wherein the overall regulatory scenario of the U.S. drugs policy has been described. Participant analysis tools such as market share analysis have also been included in the market overview section of the report to deliver a broad spectrum of the overall market scenario in the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. The bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. has been segmented based on various antibacterial drug classes. The market is segmented into major types of antibacterial drugs such as fluoroquinolones, aminoglycosides, macrolides, and others. The fluoroquinolones segment has been sub-segmented into ciprofloxacin, ofloxacin, levofloxacin, moxifloxacin, gatifloxacin, and besifloxacin. Aminoglycosides has been sub-segmented into tobramycin and gentamycin. Macrolides has been divided into erythromycin and azithromycin. The others segment is analyzed cumulatively, considering bacitracin, fusidic acid and ceftriaxone within this class. The market size for the period from 2012 to 2024 has been provided for each of the major drug classes mentioned above in terms of USD million. Along with the market size that were projected considering 2013 as the base year and 2012 as the historical year, the CAGR (%) of each market segment for the forecast period from 2012 to 2018 and 2018 to 2024 have also been provided. The report concludes with detailed profiles of leading players in the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs (antibacterials) market in the U.S. The study profiles the companies in terms of overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, and recent developments. Major organizations profiled in this report include Actavis plc, Akorn, Inc., Bayer AG, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Perrigo Company plc, Pfizer, Inc., Santen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. Additionally, market share analysis that has been provided in context with the major pharmaceuticals operating in the market would help new participants to understand the key business perceptions and frameworks and to identify the specific product lines of the existing companies to establish a strong foothold in the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. The U.S. bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market is segmented as follows: U.S. Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market, by Drug Class Fluoroquinolones Ciprofloxacin Ofloxacin Levofloxacin Moxifloxacin Gatifloxacin Besifloxacin Aminoglycosides Tobramycin Gentamycin Macrolides Erythromycin Azithromycin Others U.S. Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market, Pipeline Assessment Vancomycin Ophthalmic Ointment Early Stage (Phase I and Phase II trials) – Tabular Representation Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04002255-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bacterial-conjunctivitis-drugs-market---us-industry-analysis-pipeline-assessment-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2012---2024-300362668.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 26, 2017, 18:43 ETGlobal Boxing Equipment Market 2017-2021 Jan 26, 2017, 18:42 ETMobile services in developed Asia-Pacific: trends and forecasts... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market - U.S. Industry Analysis, Pipeline Assessment, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2012 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Nov 14, 2016, 21:18 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Menu Search Home Biotech Diagnostics Health IT Medical Devices Payers Pharma Policy & Regulation Providers Population Health Events About Us Advertising Contact us Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email The One Health Company CEO promotes new approach to clinical trials at World Economic Forum Everyone everywhere could only dream of a customer like this Innovation in ADHD: Is it just more of the same? Appeals court rules that stolen laptops class action against payer can proceed Everybody Else Is Reading This Jounce Therapeutics prices IPO beyond expectations (Updated) Health IT, device vendors called lax on security certification Venrock raises a comfortable $450M for fund 8 Robotic sleeve shows promise against heart failure For J&J, $30B Actelion deal is less about synergies, more about future promise Verily eyes overseas markets with $800M infusion from Singapore HHS scientists get in on ‘rogue’ social media Celgene acquires autoimmune startup Delinia for $775M What would Republican ACA replacement plan look like? Everybody Else Is Reading This Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email MedCity News Patient Engagement Healthcare Convergence Investing & Startups Big Data Precision Medicine Events Connect with investors and startups at MedCity INVEST May 17-18 in Chicago. Save $500 by 1/31 – Register NOW. Join us at MedCity INVEST May 17-18 in Chicago – meet and connect with investors and innovative health care startups. Get best rate NOW. Biotech Valeant, drug price debates and the innovation spectrum By Juliet Preston Post a comment / Nov 14, 2016 at 8:56 PM Shares25 Not even Valeant wants to be associated with Valeant anymore. Its share prices have plummeted, it is saddled with $29.8 billion in debt, and lawsuits against it are in motion. Its public image has tanked so badly that according to one board member, the Canadian company is now considering a name change and rebrand. The question for the rest of the industry is how to best distance itself from this mess. “I think it’s important to distinguish specialty pharmaceutical companies from traditional pharmaceuticals companies and biotech,” said Paul Yook, co-founder of LifeSci Index Partners and portfolio manager at Bioshares funds, in a recent phone interview. While that distinction may seem obvious to those within the industry, all biotech and pharma companies are commonly lumped together. When Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton tweeted about the tactics of specialty drug companies, biotech stocks crashed. Along with Mylan and Turing Pharmaceuticals, Valeant has drawn attention in recent years through shady, unethical, and at times criminal practices. Its business model relies on maneuvers such as tax inversions, price gouging, and manipulation of the drug reimbursement system to turn a profit. “Valeant’s wasn’t a long-term business model. It was a business built on using debt to fund acquisitions and raising prices,” said Yook. But perhaps the bigger issue is what the companies don’t do: research and development. “There’s kind of this spectrum of R&D spending if you look broadly at biotech companies, even the large ones spend at least 20 percent of their sales on R&D,” Yook said. “Specialty pharmacy companies might spend around 3 or 4 percent. And then somewhere in between is the traditional pharmaceutical companies.” According to Yook, one of the major risks with the proposed industry regulation is that it could impact the startups driving innovation. If drug pricing is curbed in the future, potential investors will see less market value in the early-stage R&D that small biopharma companies perform. “Most of the biotech companies don’t have any sales because they’re in the research phase and they’re really aggressively focused on making our health better,” Yook noted. Likewise, many Big Pharma companies such as Merck and Bristol-Myers are in the business of innovation he said, spending billions on research to help cure human diseases. Unfortunately for both groups, the fallout from Valeant’s deviant behavior has painted the entire continuum with a negative brush. As with other commentators, Yook believes the specialty pharmaceutical model is on the way out. But it has left a lasting impression on the public, who are beginning to question the industry’s ability to moderate itself. The issue was on the ticket in last week’s election. Though unsuccessful, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton campaigned extensively on drug pricing and had a detailed plan to curb everything from prescription costs to patent lengths. In California, voters rejected a state ballot initiative, Proposition 61, which sought to cap prescription drug prices. The ballot was narrowly defeated, 54-46 percent, with the help of over $100 million in advertising funds from the pharmaceutical industry. “For those of us on Wall St, we were definitely surprised that Proposition 61 failed,” Yook said, but added that other initiatives would likely follow. Photo: alvarez, Getty Images Shares25 Topics drug pricing, specialty drug companies, Valeant AMIA panel: ResearchKit maturing, ResearchStack catching up ER docs fight back against Cigna ‘TV doctors’ ad (watch) Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. No comments GOT NEWS? SEND US A TIP  MedCity >> Inbox Get the latest industry news first when you subscribe to our daily newsletter. Promoted eyeforpharma’s 2nd Annual Data & Technology in Clinical Trials summit eyeforpharma’s Data and Technology in Clinical Trials summit, 2017 is the number one meeting for clinical experts, all dedicated to radically transforming trials for patients, sites and sponsors. Taking place February 21-22 at the Sheraton Philadelphia Downtown hotel. This meeting is bringing together some of the most innovative clinical minds from Sanofi, Pfizer, Merck, Amgen, Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, amongst others; covering all aspects of where innovative approaches to data and technology can advance clinical trials.  Register here. eyeforpharma From the MedCity Team Everyone everywhere could only dream of a customer like this Arundhati Parmar  |  3:48 pm, January 27 The One Health Company CEO promotes new approach to clinical trials at World Economic Forum Stephanie Baum  |  7:30 am, January 28 Innovation in ADHD: Is it just more of the same? Juliet Preston  |  3:46 pm, January 27 Health IT, device vendors called lax on security certification Neil Versel  |  8:45 am, January 27 Promoted Most Americans Have Inadequate Intakes of Vitamins and Minerals: Can Supplements Help? Health care professionals might be surprised to find that numerous studies show up to 9 out of 10 Americans get less than the EAR or AI for one or more vitamins and minerals in their diets from food alone. When counseling patients, HCPs should emphasize the value of obtaining nutrients from a balanced diet. However, for patients who may be unable to obtain sufficient nutrients from diet alone, a dietary supplement can help ensure adequate intakes. Read more here. CAMPAIGN FOR ESSENTIAL NUTRIENTS × Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Shares25
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Jury Awards $51.5M in Lockheed Martin Age Discrimination Suit Charles Toutant New Jersey Law Journal CONTINUE Big Law and the Business of Blockchains (a Tale of Three Bs) Ian Lopez Legaltech News That Time When Mary Tyler Moore Went to (TV) Jail Leigh Jones The National Law Journal Former KWM partners sent second office clear-up request ahead of SRA inspection Rose Walker Legal Week Lawyers Spar Over Rex Tillerson Depo in Climate Change Class Action Ross Todd The Recorder The Push for Pay Equity › Law Firms a ‘Petri Dish’ for Bias, Gender Inequity By Lizzy McLellan| Plaintiffs Lawyers May Struggle to Cash In on Pay Equity Suits Decades After Wolf Block Suit, Ezold Calls For More Gender Bias Litigation Professional Services Firms Increasingly a Target of Pay Equity Suits Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL HEADLINES Florida DEP Official Joins Foley & Lardner as State Reveals Payments of Millions to both Foley and Latham Monika Gonzalez Mesa Daily Business Review Florida Law Prof Who Heads Children’s Law Clinic Arrested for Child Abuse Karen Sloan Daily Business Review Trio of Millionaires Tops Trump SCOTUS Shortlist Tony Mauro and Marcia Coyle The National Law Journal 'I Beg You to Recuse Me': Anna Nicole Smith Judge Finally Gets His Wish John Council Texas Lawyer Here are the Top 10 Lifestyle Law Schools ALM Staff Law.Com In Corporate Cyber-risk Planning, Legal Takes the Helm Ricci Dipshan Legaltech News Preparing Lawyers to be Practice-Ready in a Tech-Driven World Gabrielle Orum Hernández Legaltech News PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Justices Reject Redefinition of Charging Liens Tom McParland Injured at Employer’s Holiday Party? No Workers’ Comp Benefits (in North Carolina). Steven A. Meyerowitz, Esq., Director, FC&S Legal Year in Review: 2016 Cases Will Not Hinder Litigation Funding John Harabedian MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Injunction of the DOL's Overtime Rule and Its Appeal Tim K. Garrett Law Journal Newsletters The Athlete in Family Matters Lynne Strober and Elisabete M. Rocha Law Journal Newsletters Best Practices in Data Security for Financial Institutions Craig Nazzaro Law Journal Newsletters The Meaning of 'Sex': LGBTQ Rights Under the Legal Microscope Christopher A. D'Angelo Law Journal Newsletters Popular     'I Beg You to Recuse Me': Anna Nicole Smith Judge Finally Gets His Wish Here are the Top 10 Lifestyle Law Schools Trio of Millionaires Tops Trump SCOTUS Shortlist The Artificially Intelligent Future of Law Injunction of the DOL's Overtime Rule and Its Appeal PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Far-Flung Places: The Travails and Travels of a Product Liability Litigator Common Sense Investing Isn’t So Common Defend Trade Secrets Act: Considerations for the Year Ahead A Constitutional Checklist Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, New York, NY 10279 212-341-7900 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Anti-Tobacco Groups Worried About Trump, Congress VIDEO PodMed: A Medical News Roundup From Johns Hopkins Smoking Trends in Bond Movies: That's Improbable! Employee Trust Is Key 'Patient Freedom' Bill Garners Mixed Reviews LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Meeting Coverage cme/ce NASH Treatment Leaps One Hurdle Cenicriviroc reduced fibrosis but not fatty liver activity score MedpageToday savesaved register today Earn Free CME Credits by reading the latest medical news in your specialty.sign up by Michael Smith Michael Smith North American Correspondent, MedPage Today November 15, 2016 This article is a collaboration between MedPage Today® and: Action Points Note that this study was published as an abstract and presented at a conference. These data and conclusions should be considered to be preliminary until published in a peer-reviewed journal. Note that this randomized trial of a CCR2/CCR5 inhibitor for patients with NASH showed that the compound improved markers of inflammation and fibrosis without worsening steatohepatitis. Be aware that this was not the primary endpoint of the study - an improvement of NAS by 2 points. That endpoint was not different between the groups. BOSTON -- An experimental treatment for advanced non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) achieved an important efficacy endpoint halfway through a 2-year clinical trial, a researcher said here. In the randomized, placebo-controlled CENTAUR trial, the compound -- dubbed cenicriviroc -- improved fibrosis without worsening steatohepatitis, according to Arun Sanyal, MD, of Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond. On the other hand, the compound did not meet its primary endpoint of reducing the fatty liver activity (NAS) score while not worsening fibrosis, Sanyal reported in a late-breaker session at the meeting of the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) annual meeting. But the researchers did note a marked reduction in levels of inflammatory markers, compared with placebo, Sanyal said. The compound blocks two chemokine receptors -- CCR2 and CCR5 -- involved in the inflammation associated with NASH and is expected to interrupt the development of fibrosis, Sanyal said. In principle, the compound could begin to slow the clinical course of NASH and prevent progression. To test the notion, the researchers enrolled 289 patients with biopsy-proven NASH, a fatty liver activity score (NAS) of at least 4, and fibrosis at stages 1 through 3. The participants were randomly assigned to get 150 mg a day of cenicriviroc or a placebo. Patients in the cenicriviroc arm are expected to be on the drug for 2 years; half the patients originally assigned to placebo were to be switched to cenicriviroc after a year, Sanyal said. The primary endpoint of the study was improvement in NAS by at least 2 points, with at least a 1-point reduction in either lobular inflammation or hepatocellular ballooning and no concurrent worsening of fibrosis stage. The study also had two clinically important secondary endpoints, he said: Complete resolution of steatohepatitis and no concurrent worsening of fibrosis stage after a year Improvement in fibrosis by at least 1 stage and no worsening of steatohepatitis at year 1 For the primary endpoint, there was no significant difference between those taking cenicriviroc and those on placebo. The same was true for the first secondary endpoint, although more people on cenicriviroc resolved their steatohepatitis without making the fibrosis worse, at 8% versus 6%. For the other endpoint, however, the compound was twice as good at improving fibrosis while not worsening steatohepatitis -- 20% versus 10%, a difference that reached statistical significance. The investigators saw improvement across all stages of fibrosis, Sanyal said. And the compound outperformed placebo in resolving fibrosis, improving fibrosis scores by 1 and 2 stages, and preventing progression to cirrhosis. Four markers of systemic inflammation -- fibrinogen, interleukin-1B, interleukin-6, and High-sensitivity C-reactive protein -- improved significantly, compared with placebo, Sanyal reported. The investigators also showed that the compound did in fact block its target molecules. Finally, the compound was well tolerated and there were no treatment-related adverse events. The findings are "exciting," commented Cynthia Levy, MD, of the University of Miami, who was not involved in the study but who co-moderated the AASLD session at which it was presented. "Finally we have a medication that seems to have an effect on fibrosis," she told MedPage Today, adding she was a little disappointed that there was no apparent effect on the fatty liver activity score. "But it might be too early for that," she said. The study was supported by Tobira Therapeutics. Sanyal disclosed relevant relationships with Bristol-Myers Squibb, Gilead, Genfit, Abbott, Ikaria, Exhalenz, Pfizer, Novartis, Salix, Immuron, Exhalenz, Nimbus, Genentech, Echosens, Takeda, Merck, Enanta, Zafgen, JD Pharma, Islet Sciences, Hemoshear, Intercept, GalMed, Tobira, UpToDate, Elsevier, Sanyal Biotechnology, and Akarna. Levy disclosed relevant relationships with Intercept, Novartis, CymaBay, Gilead, NGM, Shire, and Tobira. Reviewed by F. Perry Wilson, MD, MSCE Assistant Professor, Section of Nephrology, Yale School of Medicine and Dorothy Caputo, MA, BSN, RN, Nurse Planner 2016-11-15T11:00:00-0500 Primary Source American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases Source Reference: Sanyal AJ, et al "Cenicriviroc placebo for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis with liver fibrosis: Results from the year 1 primary analysis of the phase 2b CENTAUR study" AASLD 2016; Abstract LB-1. take posttest 0 comments More in Meeting Coverage Antithrombin Flops for Delaying Birth in Preeclampsia Unbraided Sutures for C-Section Linked to Lowered Infection VATS Not Much Better than Open Surgery After All? Gestational Weight Gain and Pregnancy Outcomes: No Link About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
AboutLawsuits.com Latest News Featured Lawsuits Zofran Xarelto Benicar Morcellation Antibiotics (Levaquin, Cipro, Avelox) Testosterone Lipitor Talcum Powder Mirena IUD Fresenius Dialysis Abilify Actos Byetta GM Recall Vaginal Mesh Tylenol Viagra Review a Case About Select a page Latest News Featured Lawsuits— Zofran— Xarelto— Benicar— Morcellation— Antibiotics (Levaquin, Cipro, Avelox)— Testosterone— Lipitor— Talcum Powder— Mirena IUD— Fresenius Dialysis— Abilify— Actos— Byetta— GM Recall— Vaginal Mesh— Tylenol— Viagra Review a Case About RSS Talcum Powder Ovarian Cancer Plaintiffs May Testify Early if Suffering Extreme Health Problems Atrium C-Qur Mesh Fish Oil Coating Caused Hernia Repair Complications, Lawsuit Alleges Nexium Lawsuit Alleges Severe Chronic Kidney Disease Caused by Heartburn Drug MDL Sought for Stryker Recall Lawsuits Over LFit v40 Hip Implants Mirena Lawsuit Claims IIH/PTC Complications Caused Papilledema and Sixth Nerve Palsy Risperdal Lawsuits Continue to Mount as Gynecomastia Settlements Reached in Bellwether Cases Baby Powder and Shower To Shower Increased Risk of Ovarian Cancer, Wrongful Death Lawsuit Alleges Atrium C-Qur Hernia Mesh Lawyers to Meet with MDL Judge for Initial Conference Next Month Avelox and Cipro Peripheral Neuropathy Lawsuits Set for Bellwether Trials to Begin in 2018 Stryker Hip Lawsuit Filed Over Increased Cobalt Levels from Accolade TMZF Stem with LFit V40… « » Hot Topics: Talc Powder IVC Filter Nexium/Prilosec RoundUp Viagra Xarelto TwitterFacebook Search Celebrex Heart Risks Same As Aleve, Motrin For Arthritis Treatment: Study November 15, 2016 Written by: Martha Garcia Add Your Comments The findings of new research suggests that heart risks associated with the side effects of Celebrex when used for treatment of arthritis are similar those seen with other popular pain medications, including Aleve, Motrin and Advil. In a study published this week in the The New England Journal of Medicine, researchers from the Cleveland Clinic found that while common nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) drugs may not be overly dangerous to patients in moderate doses, all three medications increased the risk of heart problems when taken in high doses over a long period of time. Researchers evaluated data involving more than 24,000 patients who used NSAIDs for osteoarthritis or rheumatoid arthritis. They were randomly assigned to either Celebrex (celecoxib), Aleve (naproxen) or ibuprofen, which is sold under the brand names Advil and Motrin., and were scheduled to take consistent doses of the medications for 20 months and followed up with after 34 months. Patients taking Advil or Motrin were given 600 mg three times a day, which is a relatively high dose. The package dosing is 200 mg, or one tablet. However, many people taking Advil for pain will take two tablets several times a day. Aleve patients received 375 mg twice a day and Celebrex patients received 100 mg twice a day. Overall, researchers said 69% of patients stopped taking the drug assigned to them and 27% discontinued followups. All three drugs caused heart problems. Heart attacks or strokes occurred in 2.3% of patients using Celebrex. Similarly, 2.5% of Aleve patients and 2.7% of Advil/Motrin patients had heart attacks or strokes while on the medications. In 2014, an FDA advisory panel called for Aleve to carry strong warnings concerning heart risks to patients. A study also published that year indicated people taking Advil and Motrin had an 84% increased risk of developing abnormal heart rhythm, or atrial fibrillation. NSAID Side Effects Celebrex had a lower risk of hospitalization for high blood pressure when compared to Aleve, Advil and Motrin. It also carried a lower risk of kidney problems when compared to Advil, but not Aleve. The patients were also given the stomach drug Nexium, to prevent stomach bleeds, which has been a problem associated with NSAIDs. The risk of bleeding was lower with Celebrex. Researchers say the findings of the study apply to patients who are taking high doses or consistent doses over time. Study authors say patients taking those drugs for a simple headache or intermittent pain shouldn’t worry about the long term effects. The risks mainly apply to those using the medications consistently. However, even occasional use should be limited. Doctors always recommend to take the lowest effective dose possible for the shortest amount of time needed to prevent long term damage, such as heart attack, stroke or stomach bleed. Another arthritis drug was pulled from the market after concerns of serious side effects were raised. In 2004, reports of Vioxx linked to heart attacks and other heart deaths were reported. The drug was originally approved in 1999 as a painkiller in the same class as Tylenol and Advil. In 2011, Merck settled a lawsuit with the federal government by paying $950 million concerning off-label marketing and prescribing that led to widespread health problems. Concerns regarding Celebrex heart problems were raised more than 10 years ago, prompting the FDA to issue a black box warning for the drug. A black box warning is a warning the FDA requires manufacturers to place on a medication packaging to call attention the the possible risks and side effects. The NSAID market is a lucrative business. In the U.S. Americans spent $1 trillion in 2015 for Celebrex, Aleve, Motrin and Advil. This was a drop from $2.8 trillion in 2014. Related Stories NSAID Heart Attack, Stroke Risk Results in Stronger Warnings for Advil, Other OTC Painkillers (7/10/2015) NSAIDs Linked to Increased Bleeding Risk After Heart Attack: Study (2/25/2015) Advil, Motrin, Other NSAIDs Linked to Increased Atrial Fibrillation Risk: Study (4/10/2014) Ibuprofen Side Effects Linked to Risk of Heart Problems: Study (6/3/2013) Study Ranks Generic Painkillers by Risk of Heart Problems, Death (1/12/2011) Tags: Advil, Aleve, Arthritis, Celebrex, Heart Attack, Motrin, NSAID, Stroke, Vioxx Tweet Share Your Comments First Name* Last Name Email* Shared Comments* I authorize the above comments be posted on this page* Yes No Have Your Comments Reviewed by a Lawyer Provide additional contact information if you want an attorney to review your comments and contact you about a potential case. This information will not be published. Contact Phone # Alt Phone # Private Comments NOTE: Providing information for review by an attorney does not form an attorney-client relationship. GA_Source GA_Medium GA_Campaign GA_Term GA_Content Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Most Recent Headlines Talcum Powder Ovarian Cancer Plaintiffs May Testify Early if Suffering Extreme Health Problems (Posted 2 days ago) Recalled Samsung Washing Machines Causing Problems, Headaches for Homeowners (Posted 2 days ago) Risperdal, Abilify Risks May Outweigh Benefits Provided by Drugs, Safety Group Warns (Posted 2 days ago) Central Line Catheter Infections Greatly Reduced By Targeted Prevention Steps: Study (Posted 2 days ago) Tecfidera Side Effects Could Cause Liver Injury, New Label Warnings Added (Posted 2 days ago) Triclosan Still Used In Many U.S. Household Products, Despite Ban (Posted 2 days ago) 3T Heater-Cooler Class Action Lawsuit Filed Over Heart Surgery Infection Risk (Posted 3 days ago) Follow on Facebook Featured Lawsuits Talcum Powder Lawsuit Talcum powder or talc powder may cause women to develop ovarian cancer. 66 Comments RoundUp Lawsuits Exposure to RoundUp May Increase Risk of Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma and Other Cancers. Lawsuits Reviewed Nationwide. 8 Comments IVC Filter Lawsuits Design Problems with Certain IVC Filters Linked to Severe Injuries. Lawsuits Reviewed Nationwide. 19 Comments Nexium, Prilosec and Other Acid Reflux Drug Lawsuits Nexium, Prilosec and other acid reflux drug side effects may increase risk of kidney injury. Lawsuits reviewed. 24 Comments Invokana Lawsuits Side effects of Invokana have been linked to reports of ketoacidosis and kidney failure. Lawsuits are being reviewed by lawyers. 5 Comments Testosterone Lawsuits Testosterone Gel, Patches, Injections or other Treatments May Cause Heart Attacks, Strokes, Wrongful Death. 17 Comments Xarelto Lawsuits Side Effects of Xarelto May Increase Risk of Uncontrollable Bleeding. 8 Comments Viagra Melanoma Lawsuit Side Effects of Viagra Linked to Risk of Melanoma Skin Cancer 3 Comments Taxotere Lawsuits Side effects of Taxotere breast cancer drug may cause permanent hair loss. Lawsuits reviewed nationwide. 1 Comment Hip Replacement Lawsuits Lawsuits are being reviewed for several different dangerous and defective hip replacement systems. 0 Comments About AboutLawsuits.com Privacy Policy Terms of Use & Disclaimers Site Sponsored by: Saiontz & Kirk, P.A. © 2016 Copyright AboutLawsuits.com. All Rights Reserved
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 29 Jan 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Designing app to secure our modern mobile kingdoms Austria's OMV to increase its investments in Abu Dhabi Dubai to produce bio fuel from leftover food Ease of doing business in Dubai attracts investors Egypt determined to end housing crisis in 3 years Qatar's real estate market shows steady recovery Dubai’s private developers emerge winners in mortgages Dubai real estate brokers' commission $410 mln in 2016 Interpipe registers trademark in Saudi Arabia to fight fake steel El-Mohandes Coatings plans export rise to $10 mln at 2017-end Egypt's Abu Soma signs contract for Soma Bay Red Sea Resort Makkah Criminal Court drops crane case citing lack of jurisdiction Austria's OMV to increase its investments in Abu Dhabi Saudi Aramco's oil reserves confirmed by external audit South Sudan aims to more than double oil output in 2017/18 Algeria top gas supplier to Spain in 2016, eyes more EU exports S&P lowers Sharjah rating on rising debt burden Saudi banks likely to outperform GCC counterparts: report Moody's upgrades Afreximbank rating to 'Baa1' Abu Dhabi ADCB says majority shareholder stake now 62.52% Dubai Central Lab launches halal-testing service UAE's National Bonds registers 50% more female savers in 2016 Qatar International Islamic Bank Q4 net profit slips 7.2% Dubai Islamic Bank targets 10-15% loan growth in 2017 Designing app to secure our modern mobile kingdoms Alexa versus Siri Microsoft's market value tops $500 bln again after 17 years Apple strategy in 'smart home' race threatened by Amazon Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Scope for gig economy in UAE's employment landscape Egypt determined to end housing crisis in 3 years S&P lowers Sharjah rating on rising debt burden In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Scope for gig economy in UAE's employment landscape Dubai to produce bio fuel from leftover food Ease of doing business in Dubai attracts investors In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Jordan's King Abdullah to visit U.S. from Monday Syrian Observatory says army thwarts IS attack near Aleppo supply route Lebanon re-launches first oil and gas licensing round Egypt determined to end housing crisis in 3 years In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Morocco growth seen at 4.5% in 2017 vs 1.6% last year Algeria top gas supplier to Spain in 2016, eyes more EU exports In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Trump to speak to Saudi and UAE leaders today: White House Trump ban sparks U.S. immigration chaos, infuriates Muslims Under fire, UK's May criticises Trump curb on refugees Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Most of Gulf moves little, Kuwait rises Gulf to consolidate; few positive cues Alternatives thrive as UAE investors cast nets wide Mideast Stocks: Factors to watch today Most of Gulf moves little, Kuwait rises Alternatives thrive as UAE investors cast nets wide Mideast Stocks: Factors to watch today Saudi Aramco's oil reserves confirmed by external audit Fed to stop mortgage reinvestments in 2018: Morgan Stanley Dollar edges up, Mexican peso tumbles on Trump's tax proposal Egypt may sell bonds in Japanese and Chinese currencies Tunisia expects more bond issues this year Yemen's wheat reserves down to three months supply -UN official Syria's million-tonne Russian wheat deal in jeopardy Gold extends losses to two-week low as dollar rises Oil prices dip as rising U.S. output offsets OPEC-led cuts Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Dubai life guards must be certified by July US administration wants Guantanamo to remain open Saudi Arabia to penalize employers holding workers' passports Iran's Bank Tejarat files lawsuit in European Court of Justice In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Trump to speak to Saudi and UAE leaders today: White House Trump ban sparks U.S. immigration chaos, infuriates Muslims Under fire, UK's May criticises Trump curb on refugees US administration wants Guantanamo to remain open UAE busts 30 drug dealers FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines Interpipe registers trademark in Saudi Arabia to fight fake steel Call for restrictions on grant of new grocery licences in Qatar Saudi Arabia to penalize employers holding workers' passports Saudi Arabia sets deadline to stop using plastic bags, containers Oman courts get tough on consumer law violators Dubai life guards must be certified by July UAE residents urged to get 'no liability letter' after loans are repaid Ever-vigilant law-keepers keep UAE safe Saudi Shura Council rejects expat remittance tax Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Japanese flower exhibition opens in Dubai E-Cigarettes may lure teens who otherwise might not smoke Lindsay Lohan tells Syrian refugees to ‘be strong like Bana’ Community policing in UAE gets further boost Dubai’s first rehab clinic set to open E-Cigarettes may lure teens who otherwise might not smoke Two expats infected with MERS in critical condition Omani develops early prostate cancer diagnosis marker Call for Saudis to apply to US education program Japanese flower exhibition opens in Dubai Anime enthusiasm comes to UAE Camel trek riders head back to Dubai UAE Honey Festival now in February UK Princes William, Harry to erect statue of Princess Diana Saudi king to inaugurate Al-Janadriyah 31 festival Smart changing rooms on Dubai beaches Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort hikes membership fees to $200,000 Sushmita Sen arrives in Manila British actor John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant Man', dead at 77 Iranian actress to shun Oscars in protest of Trump immigrant ban Orwell's dystopian novel back as bestseller since Trump in power Tennis-Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream Federer final Olympics-Bolt returns gold medal from 2008 4x100 relay Soccer-Barcelona thrash Real Sociedad to reach King's Cup semis Golf-Tiger struggles at Torrey Pines, Rose sets pace Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Abu Dhabi to host ANNO 2016, biggest conference on treating infertility with participation of prominent IVF specialists from across the world 15 November, 2016 HE Sheikh Nahyan bin Mubarak Al Nahyan, UAE Minister of Culture and Knowledge Development and HE Dr Amal Al Qubaisi, President of the Federal National Council in UAE to attend opening session Abu Dhabi, UAE, 15 November 2016 World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that there is a projection of significant increase in the number of IVF procedures in the region from 6,000 in 2015 to 9,200 in the next two years.  That was highlighted in connection with the announcement of the 2nd edition of the prestigious Annual Conference on Latest Advances in Enhancing Success Rates in ART – ANNO 2016, which will be held at The St. Regis Hotel, Nations Tower 2, Corniche Road West, Abu Dhabi on November 25th & 26th, 2016 by , IVI Middle East Fertility Clinic, the world leaders in infertility treatment. To be attended by HE Sheikh Nahyan bin Mubarak Al Nahyan, UAE Minister of Culture and Knowledge Development and HE Dr Amal Al Qubaisi, President of the Federal National Council in UAE, ANNO 2016 will tackle why despite several clinics offering IVF treatments in the region, a lot of cases stay unresolved as well as go into in depth reasons of that that could be incorrect diagnosis, non-personalised treatment approach, misunderstanding about the core contributors, lack of technology or treatment protocols etc. Dr Human Fatemi, IVI Middle East Fertility Clinic said: “An increasing number of couples in the Middle East are faced with the challenge of infertility and hence turn to science to fulfill their desire of becoming parents. The reasons for infertility in the Middle East cannot be compared to those in western countries. Stress, diabetes, obesity are all contributors, but there are deeper region-related reasons at play here. The biggest problem contributors are consanguinity and Vitamin D deficiency.  And, gaining insights into these areas is critical if we want to resolve this growing problem.” The core objective of the conference is to understand the region specific causes of infertility in the UAE and brings 11 world renowned fertility experts from across the globe to deliberate on the latest clinical advancements and research in the field of fertility treatments. This knowledge platform will enable gynaecologists to gain insights into the real causes behind conditions like unexplained infertility, recurrent implantation failures, genetic disorders in children, IVF and advanced age, miscarriages and many more. It is a unique opportunity for the gynaecologists of ME to learn and network with the best of specialists in the fertility health landscape. Accredited for 13 CME hours by the Health Authority of Abu Dhabi (HAAD) and sponsored by renowned companies like Igenomix, Merck and Ferring Pharmaceuticals, this international conference is geared towards bringing tremendous reforms in the field of reproductive medicine. Further, it will also offer participants unparalleled access to distinguished speakers, viz. Dr. Human Fatemi, Juan Garcia Velasco, Antonio Pellicer, Natalia Basile and the likes of many. Advertisement -Ends- For further information, please contact: Virtue PR & Marketing Communications P.O Box: 191931 Dubai, United Arab Emirates  Tel: 00971 4 4508835 Email: info@virtuemena.com Website: www.virtuemena.com © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Warba Bank names Simon Clements chief retail banking officer 24 Jan 2017 German Deutsche Bank appoints Fred Hilal head of wealth management in the Gulf region 24 Jan 2017 Oman's Ooredoo welcomes Ian Dench as new Chief Executive Officer Ian Dench joins the Company from the Ooredoo Group, where he served as Group Chief Commercial Officer. 24 Jan 2017 Bahrain's BBK bank announces the appointment of retail banking AGM 24 Jan 2017 Abdullah bin Khediya appointed General Coordinator of UAE's National Association of Freight and Logistics 24 Jan 2017 French AccorHotels appoints Olivier Granet as new Managing Director & Chief Operating Officer for Middle East and Africa 24 Jan 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
English En Français My Account AllAfrica By AllAfrica News Sources Media Kit Countries All Countries AlgeriaAngolaBeninBotswanaBurkina FasoBurundiCameroonCape VerdeCentral African RepublicChadComorosCongo-BrazzavilleCongo-KinshasaCote d'Ivoire DjiboutiEgyptEquatorial GuineaEritreaEthiopiaGabonGambiaGhanaGuineaGuinea BissauKenyaLesothoLiberiaLibya MadagascarMalawiMaliMauritaniaMauritiusMoroccoMozambiqueNamibiaNigerNigeriaRwandaSenegalSeychellesSierra Leone SomaliaSouth AfricaSouth SudanSudanSwazilandSão Tomé and PríncipeTanzaniaTogoTunisiaUgandaWestern SaharaZambiaZimbabwe Africa-Wide Central Africa Central Africa HomeAngolaBurundiCameroonCentral African RepublicChad Congo-BrazzavilleCongo-KinshasaEquatorial GuineaGabonRwandaSão Tomé and Príncipe East Africa East Africa HomeBurundiComorosDjiboutiEritreaEthiopiaKenyaMadagascar MauritiusRwandaSeychellesSomaliaSouth SudanSudanTanzaniaUganda North Africa North Africa HomeAlgeriaEgyptLibyaMoroccoTunisiaWestern Sahara Southern Africa Southern Africa HomeAngolaBotswanaLesothoMalawiMozambique NamibiaSouth AfricaSwazilandZambiaZimbabwe West Africa West Africa HomeBeninBurkina FasoCameroonCape VerdeCote d'IvoireGambiaGhanaGuineaGuinea Bissau LiberiaMaliMauritaniaNigerNigeriaSenegalSierra LeoneSão Tomé and PríncipeTogo Topics All Topics AIDSAfrica on the MoveAgribusinessAid and AssistanceArms and ArmiesAsia, Australia, and AfricaAthleticsBankingBook ReviewsBooksBusinessCapital FlowsChildrenClimateCommoditiesCompanyConflictConstructionCorruptionCurrenciesDebtEbolaEcotourismEducationEnergyEntertainment EnvironmentEurope and AfricaExternal RelationsFood and AgricultureGame ParksGovernanceHealthHuman RightsICTInfrastructureInnovationInternational OrganisationsInvestmentLabourLand and Rural IssuesLatin America and AfricaLegal AffairsMalariaManufacturingMediaMiddle East and AfricaMigrationMiningMusicMusic ReviewsNGO NutritionOceansOlympicsPeacekeepingPetroleumPolioPregnancy and ChildbirthPrivatizationRefugeesReligionScienceSoccerSportStock MarketsSustainable DevelopmentTerrorismTradeTransportTravelTuberculosisU.S., Canada and AfricaUrban IssuesWaterWildlifeWomenWorld Cup Entertainment Entertainment HomeBook ReviewsBooksMusicMusic Reviews Business Business HomeAgribusinessBankingCapital FlowsCommoditiesCompanyConstruction CurrenciesDebtEnergyICTInfrastructureInvestmentLabour ManufacturingMiningPetroleumPrivatizationStock MarketsTradeTransport Conflict Conflict HomeArms and ArmiesPeacekeepingRefugeesTerrorism Environment Environment HomeClimateOceansWaterWildlife Health Health HomeAIDSEbolaMalariaNutritionPolioPregnancy and ChildbirthTuberculosis Sport Sport HomeAthleticsOlympicsSoccerWorld Cup Travel Travel HomeEcotourismGame Parks Development Aid and Assistance Education Environment Food and Agriculture Health Women BizTech Business Home Agribusiness Banking Capital Flows Commodities Company Construction Currencies Debt Energy ICT Infrastructure Investment Labour Manufacturing Mining Petroleum Privatization Stock Markets Trade Transport Entertainment Entertainment Home Book Reviews Books Music Music Reviews Sport Sport Home Athletics Olympics Soccer World Cup Africa/World Asia, Australia, and Africa Europe and Africa International Organisations Latin America and Africa Middle East and Africa U.S., Canada and Africa Governance Corruption Governance Human Rights Land and Rural Issues Legal Affairs Media NGO Multimedia Video Audio Document Web Site InFocus Pages PhotoEssays Innovation Sustainability   14 November 2016 The East African (Nairobi) East Africa: Local Players Lose Out to Big Foreign Firms in Lucrative Drugs-Making Sector Tagged: Business East Africa Manufacturing tweet share Google+ comment email more Related Topics Business Nigeria: Special Report - Oil-Rich Communities Abandoned in Shocking Poverty Despite Huge Wealth South Africa: 25 Families Take Stand Against Mining Giant Nigeria: Abuja Airport Runway, Disaster Waiting to Happen, Minister Warns Africa: Call to AU Members to Prioritise Agriculture East Africa Africa: Chaos, Anxiety As Trump's Travel Moratorium Takes Effect Kenya: Former President in Hospital Africa: What Will African Union Reforms Seek to Address? Kenya: Dear First Lady, It Is Time to Stop Running and Start Talking About Health Crisis Manufacturing Nigeria: MAN - Banks Flouting CBN's Directive On 60% FX Allocation Nigeria: Manufacturers Still Depend On Black Market for Forex - MAN Nigeria: Manufacturers Plan Expo to Boost Industrialisation, SMEs Kenya: Varsity Churns Out Locally Made Tablets at Juja Plant By Njiraini Muchiri Pharmaceutical manufacturers in the region will continue to miss out on the gravy train of the lucrative industry, which is expected to grow at a rate of 12 per cent over the next five years. A recent meeting in Nairobi that sought to explore ways to boost production in the East African Community heard that local drug makers are struggling to grow their market share in an environment that continues to favour imports. Local manufacturers lack the capacity to compete while governments have failed to offer incentives. A report by research firm McKinsey shows that the value of Africa's pharmaceutical industry will grow to between $45 billion and $65 billion by 2020, from $30 billion currently. In East Africa, the industry is expected to double to $10 billion over the next four years. The report shows that prescription drugs will grow at a 6 per cent rate annually, generics at 9 per cent, over-the-counter medicines at 6 per cent and medical devices at 11 per cent. The growth will be driven by the convergence of demographic changes, particularly urbanisation, increased wealth and healthcare investment and rising demand for medicines, particularly to treat chronic diseases. But despite the anticipated growth, regional manufacturers' market share will continue to stagnate at about 30 per cent. There are about 65 pharmaceutical manufacturers in East Africa. India and China remain the key sources of pharmaceutical imports into East Africa, jointly accounting for about 45 per cent of the total. According to Christoph Spennemann, a senior official at the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, the biggest challenge facing regional manufacturers is the lack of capital to invest in improving product quality. "Local companies need to invest in new and better production and research facilities, but conventional banks are reluctant to finance their projects because they see them as too risky," he said in Nairobi. High costs Lack of financial support has made it impossible for manufacturers to invest in research and development and in plants that meet the international Good Manufacturing Practices standards. Regional governments have also failed to offer tangible incentives and protect the industry from the onslaught of imports. The Federation of East African Pharmaceutical Manufacturers notes that governments have refused to impose taxes on imported medicines that can be produced regionally in order to protect the local industry. The high cost of importing raw materials has not only driven up the cost of doing business but is also responsible for making regionally manufactured drugs expensive and uncompetitive. More critically, East African governments continue to procrastinate on the issue of harmonisation of national drug regulations. Consequently, manufacturers have been reluctant to invest in the development of new drugs because they are not guaranteed access to all the five EAC countries' markets, which have a combined population of 150 million. According to Jean Baptiste Havugimana, the EAC director of productive sectors, delays in harmonising procurement processes remain a key obstacle in the growth of the region's pharmaceutical industry. "We have started a process of harmonisation of procedures and regulations with regard to production and commercialisation of the medicines," he said. Apart from internal challenges, regional manufacturers are also feeling the pressure of multinational drug producers who have established subsidiaries in East Africa. With research showing that Africa carries 25 per cent of the world's disease burden but consumes less than 1 per cent of global health expenditure, multinationals are targeting the continent to exploit its vast opportunities. Some of the multinationals with operations in East Africa include Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Merck, Sanofi-Aventis, Novartis, Bayer and Universal Corporation. The rising interest in East Africa by multinationals is driven by the rising cases of non-communicable diseases like heart disease, lung disorders, diabetes and cancer that are largely caused by lifestyle changes. The World Health Organisation estimates that by 2030 these diseases will account for 42 per cent of all deaths in sub-Saharan Africa up from 25 per cent currently, replacing traditional killers like malaria and HIV/Aids. East Africa Chaos, Anxiety As Trump's Travel Moratorium Takes Effect Scores detained at US airports Green card holders affected Iran bans US citizens in retaliation Read more »   Copyright © 2016 The East African. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media (allAfrica.com). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 800 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals, representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica. To address comments or complaints, please Contact us. More From: East African Kenya: Former President in Hospital Africa: Nigeria Opposes Mass ICC Withdrawal Africa: Call to AU Members to Prioritise Agriculture Kenya: CBK Cancels 15-Year Bond Meant for Budgetary Support Tanzania: Firms Complete Drilling Two Offshore Gas Wells Uganda: Red Tape Delays Islamic Banking, Bancassurance Tanzania: An Inside Look at the Country's Grand Plan to Attain Middle-Income Status By 2025 East Africa: Coffee, Tea Farmers Face Tough Year as Yields Decline Kenya: U.S. Deports Somali, Kenyan Immigrants South Sudan: Rebels in Kenya in Fear of Deportation Kenya: U.S. Expanding Military Ties to Kenya With Sales, Donations and Training South Sudan: Govt Blames Donors for Slow Peace Progress Uganda: Tax Chief Taken to Task Over Oil Bonus Uganda: President Names New Internal Spymaster Rwanda: Rwanda Denies Controversial Priest Entry Again Kenya: U.S. Gives Nod for U.S.$418 Million Military Aircrafts Sale to Kenya Rwanda: Police Save 12 Burundians From Human Trafficking Kenya: The Battle for Nairobi Governor Seat Uganda: Uganda Seeks 80% Meningitis Vaccination Coverage Africa: Lobbying, Horse-Trading for African Union Commission Chair Continue Rwanda: Trade Deficit Falls on Higher Revenues Africa: Agoa Treaty Facing Possible Repeal in Trump Administration Kenya: U.S.$12.5 Million Aga Khan Hospital Upgrade Burundi: Opposition Want Fairness in Peace Talks Uganda: Poultry Traders Count Losses as Govt Pleads Against Bans Africa: U.S. Pushed for Trade and Investment, Cutting Aid and 'Boots On the Ground' Kenya: Govt Looks to Borrow U.S.$1.5 Billion for Budgetary Support, Shilling Cushion Congo-Kinshasa: Fear of Rebels' Return Fuels Tensions Sudan: Sanctions Lifted, but Is Sudan Out of the Woods? East Africa: Turkey, China Caught Up in Rail Tender Confusion East Africa: Burundi Troops to Remain in Somalia, Payments Resume East Africa: How the Media Exposed East Africa's Worst Famine Related Business East Africa Manufacturing InFocus: East Africa Kenya Soldiers Fight Back After Deadly Al-Shabaab Raid Kenya's Counties Now 'Firing' Striking Doctors Rwanda Tops List of Least Corrupt Countries Museveni Appoints 37 New Uganda Ambassadors Malawi, Tanzania Making New Effort to Settle Spy Row Time Runs Out for Bill To Withdraw Kenya From Hague Court Museveni Marks 31 Years in Power in Uganda UN Condemns Somali Hotel Bombings Gang Rape Video to Test Somali Sexual Violence Laws Magufuli Urged Tanzania's Bus Rapid Transit Firm to Make Profit Follow AllAfrica Top Headlines: East Africa Africa: Chaos, Anxiety As Trump's Travel Moratorium Takes Effect Kenya: Former President in Hospital Africa: What Will African Union Reforms Seek to Address? Kenya: Court Reverses Matiang'i's Decision to Fire VC East Africa: Kenyan Soldiers Fight Back After Raid By Shabaab Kenya: Couple Asks for President's Help to Get ID Card Uganda: When Buses, Matatus and Boda Bodas Became Our Public Transport System Kenya: Al-Shabab Attacks Kenya Military Base, Dozens Killed Kenya: Dear First Lady, It Is Time to Stop Running and Start Talking About Health Crisis Kenya: America Can Now Join African Union, Thanks to Trump Africa: Nigeria Opposes Mass ICC Withdrawal Kenya: Counties Begin Firing Striking Doctors Uganda: Museveni Appoints 37 New Ambassadors Tanzania: Key Meeting Scheduled For Malawi, Tanzania to Settle Differences Africa: African Summit in Libya Begins With Sudan Participation Congo-Kinshasa: Uganda Rebel Returns Add to Growing Headache for Kabila and Congo Most Popular East Africa across allAfrica.com East Africa 1 Uganda: DFCU Takes Over Crane Bank 2 Kenya: America Can Now Join African Union, Thanks to Trump 3 Kenya: U.S. Deports Somali, Kenyan Immigrants 4 East Africa: Kenyan Soldiers Fight Back After Raid By Shabaab 5 Uganda: Museveni Appoints 37 New Ambassadors 6 Africa: What Will African Union Reforms Seek to Address? 7 Somalia: KDF Base in Somalia Under Al-Shabaab Attack, 51 Killed 8 Africa: Nigeria Opposes Mass ICC Withdrawal 9 Kenya: Dear First Lady, It Is Time to Stop Running and Start Talking About Health Crisis 10 Uganda: 'You Belong to Joseph Kony' across allAfrica.com 1 Uganda: DFCU Takes Over Crane Bank 2 Kenya: America Can Now Join African Union, Thanks to Trump 3 Nigeria: Who Wants President Buhari Dead 4 Gambia: Ecowas Troops Discover Serious Threat at State House 5 Nigeria: 5 Big Brother Housemates Named for Fake Eviction 6 Nigeria: President Buhari Seen in New London Photos 7 Nigeria: Big Brother Controversy - Yemi Alade, Fidelis Duker Fired Back At FG 8 Zimbabwe: How Do You Know Mugabe's On His Way Home? Because His Road's Being Fixed 9 Kenya: U.S. Deports Somali, Kenyan Immigrants 10 Nigeria: Presidency - Buhari Not in Any UK Hospital Don't Miss VIDEO: Gambian Migrant Drowns In Italy as Tourists Film, Laugh MMM Boss, Wife Flee Nigeria to Philippines See President Buhari in London Photos Kenya Soldiers Fight Back After Deadly Al-Shabaab Raid Mugabe Splurges in Dubai As Zimbabweans Suffer External Relations Kenya: Bill Seeking to Pull Kenya Out of Hague Court Expires(Nation) Kenya: America Can Now Join African Union, Thanks to Trump(Nation) Africa: 28th AU Summit - AU Reform Can't Be Fast-Tracked(ISS) Africa: Germany's 'Marshall Plan' for Africa(Atlantic Council) Central African Republic: French Priest Convicted of Child Abuse in CAR(RFI) Africa: Nigeria Opposes Mass ICC Withdrawal(East African) Africa: Grim Outlook for Africans Seeking Refuge As Trump Looks to Ban Somalis, Sudanese(The Conversation Africa) South Sudan: UN Mission Chief Meets President Kiir, Pledges Commitment to Regional Force(UN News) Malawi: Is Govt Buying Maize in The U.S.?(Nyasa Times) Malawi: British Envoy Visits Former President Muluzi(Nyasa Times) International Organisations Somalia: UN Condemns Attack On Dayah Hotel in Mogadishu(Shabelle) Africa: 28th AU Summit - AU Reform Can't Be Fast-Tracked(ISS) Africa: Nigeria Opposes Mass ICC Withdrawal(East African) South Sudan: UN Mission Chief Meets President Kiir, Pledges Commitment to Regional Force(UN News) Uganda: 'You Belong to Joseph Kony'(African Arguments) Kenya: Bill Seeking to Pull Kenya Out of Hague Court Expires(Nation) Kenya: Get Rid of Interest Rates Cap, Says IMF(Nation) Africa: States Drag Feet on Kaberuka AU Funding Mechanism Proposal(New Times) Kenya: Guinea's Condé Main Challenger in Mohamed's Race for AU Job(Nation) South Africa: Outgoing AU Chair Dlamini-Zuma Speaks on Donald Trump's Administration(News24Wire) Petroleum Nigeria: Reps Tackle NPA, Others Over High Petrol Price(Daily Trust) Nigeria: Court Orders Forfeiture of Malabu Oil Bloc to Govt(This Day) Nigeria: Why Nigeria Won Back Africa's Largest Oil Block(Premium Times) Uganda: Oil Infrastructure Spending to Increase Govt Domestic Borrowing(Monitor) Nigeria: Amnesty Slams Ruling On Shell Spills in Niger Delta(CAJ News) Nigeria: Delta State Worried About Relocation of 26 Oil Firms(Guardian) Nigeria: Govt Orders Payment to Oil Marketers(Leadership) Nigeria: Niger Delta Villagers Can't Sue Shell in UK for Nigerian Oil Spill, Court Rules(This Day) Nigeria: Govt Orders Immediate Payment of N150 Billion to Petroleum Marketers(Vanguard) Nigeria: '800 Trucks of Kerosene Leave Port Harcourt Refinery Daily'(Daily Trust) Media Nigeria: Journalists' Arrest Tests Powerful Army(allAfrica) South Africa: Citizen Editor Feels 'Vindicated' After Winning Dismissal Case(News24Wire) Gambia: You Can Go Home Again- One Gambian Journalist's Story(VOA) South Africa: SABC Inquiry - Jokes, Jibes and the Light At the End of the Tunnel(News24Wire) South Africa: SABC 8 Journalist Shot in Face With Pellet Gun(News24Wire) Nigeria: Buhari's Death Rumour and the Rise of Fake News(Guardian) South Africa: Muthambi, Parliament's Role Sticking Points for SABC Inquiry(News24Wire) South Africa: Ad Hoc Committee On SABC Board Inquiry a Step Closer to Completing Its Work(Parliament of South Africa) Zimbabwe: Digitisation Programme On Track, Says Information Minister(The Herald) Uganda: Why Don't Our Local TV Stations Give Weather Forecasts, Warnings(Monitor) Legal Affairs Kenya: Counties Begin Firing Striking Doctors(Nation) Kenya: Court Reverses Matiang'i's Decision to Fire VC(Nation) Central African Republic: French Priest Convicted of Child Abuse in CAR(RFI) Africa: Nigeria Opposes Mass ICC Withdrawal(East African) Nigeria: Court Orders Forfeiture of Malabu Oil Bloc to Govt(This Day) Nigeria: More Haste, Less Speed for Drivers(This Day) Zambia: Don't Marry Foreigners, Police Told(Zambia Reports) Nigeria: Sokoto Gets Forum On Child Rights(This Day) Nigeria: Mother of Boko Haram Militant Struggles Without Her Son(Thomson Reuters Foundation) South Africa: Cocaine, Ecstasy Worth R8 Million Found in 48 Hours At OR Tambo Airport(News24Wire) Education Zambia: School Sex Scandal Not a Hoax(Zambia Reports) Kenya: Court Reverses Matiang'i's Decision to Fire VC(Nation) South Africa: Queueing Unisa Students Turned Away Because of Strike(News24Wire) Nigeria: Boko Haram - Northeast Nigeria '500 Years Behind South in Education' - VC(Premium Times) Zambia: Opposition Leader Hichilema Addresses Graduates(Zambia Reports) Zimbabwe: Hundreds of Thousands May Drop Out of School(New Zimbabwe) South Africa: Minister Blade Nzimande - Media Briefing After Meeting Higher Education Stakeholders(SA Govt) South Africa: New Funding Scheme for Missing Middle Students(SAnews.gov.za) South Africa: Protesting College Students Have Valid Complaints - Nzimande(News24Wire) South Africa: Higher Education On South African FET Students Association Issues(SA Govt) AllAfrica is a voice of, by and about Africa - aggregating, producing and distributing 800 news and information items daily from over 140 African news organizations and our own reporters to an African and global public. We operate from Cape Town, Dakar, Lagos, Monrovia, Nairobi and Washington DC. © 2017 AllAfrica Privacy Contact Subscribe to AllAfrica via RSS For Advertisers AllAfrica - All the Time
