Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MERCK KGAA AKTIE»Merck Partners with American Cancer Society to Address Cancer in Women MERCK KGAA 94,94  Euro +0,07 +0,07 % WKN: 659990  ISIN: DE0006599905 Ticker-Symbol: MRK  Xetra | 14.11.16 | 17:35 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktDAX-30 Prime Standard DAX International 100 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 94,49 95,36 14.11. 94,71 95,06 14.11. 01.11.2016 | 16:29 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Merck Partners with American Cancer Society to Address Cancer in Women DARMSTADT, Germany, November 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cancer deaths in women are expected to increase to 5.5 million by 2030 Merck, a leading science and technology company, and the American Cancer Society (ACS) today released a report that shows all four of the top causes of cancer deaths in women worldwide are mostly preventable or can often be detected early, when treatment is more successful. The report, titled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women," is the first tangible output from an innovative partnership between Merck and the American Cancer Society focused on raising awareness and strengthening advocacy around women's cancers. "We are proud to partner with the American Cancer Society to address the impact cancer has on women worldwide," said Belén Garijo, member of the Executive Board and CEO Healthcare at Merck. "This collaboration is a first-of-its-kind public-private partnership that recognizes that no one sector can tackle this challenge alone. Improving women's health and well-being has an uplifting ripple effect on our world, and we know when women do better, our communities do better." The research examines the increasing impact of cancer among women in low- and middle-income countries - and outlines potential solutions to minimize the economic and societal impact of the disease for women, their families and healthcare systems. Cancer is the second leading cause of death in women, with breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancers claiming the most lives each year. With cancer rates on the rise as the global population grows and ages, the number of women who will lose their lives to cancer is expected to increase, particularly in low- and middle-income countries. In 2012, there were 3.5 million deaths among women due to cancer; by 2030 that number is expected to increase to 5.5 million deaths - a more than 57% increase in less than two decades. Increased education and prevention efforts will be essential to addressing this growing global health crisis. "It's incumbent upon both the public and private sectors, as members of the global health community, to find ways to reduce the impacts of cancer on women by increasing prevention and treatment, saving the lives of women across the globe," said Ambassador Sally Cowal, senior vice president, global cancer control at the American Cancer Society. In addition to the physical challenges women with cancer and their families experience, the burden of cancer also extends to the economy. The study found that in 2009, the global economic burden of cancer was estimated at about $ 286 billion, and much of that cost was due to premature death of members of the workforce. In the United States alone in 2008, years of productive life lost due to cancer in women corresponded to $ 82 billion, not to mention the many professional achievements that might have been realized. The report was released at the World Cancer Congress during a Merck panel moderated by Ambassador Cowal. Other participants included HRH Princess Dina Mired of Jordan; Dr. Alise Reicin, Head of Global Clinical Development in the biopharma business of Merck; and Dr. Edward L. "Ted" Trimble, director, Center for Global Health at the National Cancer Institute. This partnership will also catalyse the evolution of the American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars program, which aims to educate and cultivate health and civil society professionals in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia and India to affect meaningful change in prevention and early detection of cancers among women in low- and middle-income countries. This report is part of Merck's involvement with the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies initiative, which explicitly links the issue of women's health and well-being with economic growth. The full "Global Burden of Cancer in Women" report is available http://www.cancer.org/research/cancerfactsstatistics/global-burden-cancer-in-women. About the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies Initiative Merck is a founding partner of the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies initiative, which brings together the evidence about women's health and well-being and its impact on economic growth with the best practices that governments, employers and non-governmental organizations can follow. It aims to identify and implement policies that advance women's health and well-being to increase their economic participation in the societies in which they live. About the American Cancer Society The American Cancer Society is a global grassroots force of more than three million volunteers saving lives and fighting for every birthday threatened by every cancer in every community. As the largest voluntary health organization, the Society's efforts have contributed to a 20 percent decline in cancer death rates in the U.S. since 1991, and a 50 percent drop in smoking rates. Thanks in part to our progress, nearly 14 million Americans who have had cancer and countless more who have avoided it will celebrate more birthdays this year. We're determined to finish the fight against cancer. We're finding cures as the nation's largest private, not-for-profit investor in cancer research, ensuring people facing cancer have the help they need and continuing the fight for access to quality health care, lifesaving screenings, clean air and more. For more information, to get help, or to join the fight, call us anytime, day or night, at 1-800-227-2345 or visit cancer.org. About the American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars Program The American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars program aims to educate and cultivate young health and civil society professionals around the world to bring their energy, voice and new ideas to the new and growing field of integration of women's cancer prevention and early detection. All Merck press releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of €12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151019/278051LOGO ) © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu MERCK KGAA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mo Merck Korea and Incheon sign MOU on biopharm: Pharmaceutical giant Merck Korea signed a memorandum of ... ► Artikel lesen Mo BRIEF-Merck KGaA says primary endpoint was not met in study population ► Artikel lesen Mo Merck KGaA PT Set at €101.00 by Commerzbank AG ► Artikel lesen Mo Analysts Set Merck KGaA Target Price at $101.50 ► Artikel lesen Mo Merck: Study Results Confirm Potential Of Atacicept As Candidate Therapy For SLE VIENNA (dpa-AFX) - Merck KGaA (MKGAY.PK) reported the results of the ADDRESS II Phase IIb, multicenter study on atacicept in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus. The company said, although... ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Pharmaceuticals | Joint Ventures Merck Partners with American Cancer Society to Address Cancer in Women Download image Download image DARMSTADT, Germany, November 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cancer deaths in women are expected to increase to 5.5 million by 2030  Merck, a leading science and technology company, and the American Cancer Society (ACS) today released a report that shows all four of the top causes of cancer deaths in women worldwide are mostly preventable or can often be detected early, when treatment is more successful. The report, titled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women," is the first tangible output from an innovative partnership between Merck and the American Cancer Society focused on raising awareness and strengthening advocacy around women's cancers. "We are proud to partner with the American Cancer Society to address the impact cancer has on women worldwide," said Belén Garijo, member of the Executive Board and CEO Healthcare at Merck. "This collaboration is a first-of-its-kind public-private partnership that recognizes that no one sector can tackle this challenge alone. Improving women's health and well-being has an uplifting ripple effect on our world, and we know when women do better, our communities do better." The research examines the increasing impact of cancer among women in low- and middle-income countries - and outlines potential solutions to minimize the economic and societal impact of the disease for women, their families and healthcare systems. Cancer is the second leading cause of death in women, with breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancers claiming the most lives each year. With cancer rates on the rise as the global population grows and ages, the number of women who will lose their lives to cancer is expected to increase, particularly in low- and middle-income countries. In 2012, there were 3.5 million deaths among women due to cancer; by 2030 that number is expected to increase to 5.5 million deaths - a more than 57% increase in less than two decades. Increased education and prevention efforts will be essential to addressing this growing global health crisis. "It's incumbent upon both the public and private sectors, as members of the global health community, to find ways to reduce the impacts of cancer on women by increasing prevention and treatment, saving the lives of women across the globe," said Ambassador Sally Cowal, senior vice president, global cancer control at the American Cancer Society. In addition to the physical challenges women with cancer and their families experience, the burden of cancer also extends to the economy. The study found that in 2009, the global economic burden of cancer was estimated at about $ 286 billion, and much of that cost was due to premature death of members of the workforce. In the United States alone in 2008, years of productive life lost due to cancer in women corresponded to $ 82 billion, not to mention the many professional achievements that might have been realized. The report was released at the World Cancer Congress during a Merck panel moderated by Ambassador Cowal. Other participants included HRH Princess Dina Mired of Jordan; Dr. Alise Reicin, Head of Global Clinical Development in the biopharma business of Merck; and Dr. Edward L. "Ted" Trimble, director, Center for Global Health at the National Cancer Institute. This partnership will also catalyse the evolution of the American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars program, which aims to educate and cultivate health and civil society professionals in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia and India to affect meaningful change in prevention and early detection of cancers among women in low- and middle-income countries. This report is part of Merck's involvement with the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies initiative, which explicitly links the issue of women's health and well-being with economic growth. The full "Global Burden of Cancer in Women" report is available http://www.cancer.org/research/cancerfactsstatistics/global-burden-cancer-in-women. About the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies Initiative  Merck is a founding partner of the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies initiative, which brings together the evidence about women's health and well-being and its impact on economic growth with the best practices that governments, employers and non-governmental organizations can follow. It aims to identify and implement policies that advance women's health and well-being to increase their economic participation in the societies in which they live. About the American Cancer Society  The American Cancer Society is a global grassroots force of more than three million volunteers saving lives and fighting for every birthday threatened by every cancer in every community. As the largest voluntary health organization, the Society's efforts have contributed to a 20 percent decline in cancer death rates in the U.S. since 1991, and a 50 percent drop in smoking rates. Thanks in part to our progress, nearly 14 million Americans who have had cancer and countless more who have avoided it will celebrate more birthdays this year. We're determined to finish the fight against cancer. We're finding cures as the nation's largest private, not-for-profit investor in cancer research, ensuring people facing cancer have the help they need and continuing the fight for access to quality health care, lifesaving screenings, clean air and more. For more information, to get help, or to join the fight, call us anytime, day or night, at 1-800-227-2345 or visit cancer.org. About the American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars Program  The American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars program aims to educate and cultivate young health and civil society professionals around the world to bring their energy, voice and new ideas to the new and growing field of integration of women's cancer prevention and early detection. All Merck press releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of €12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO )      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151019/278051LOGO ) SOURCE Merck More by this Source Merck gana el R&D 100 Award por una invención superior 11 Nov, 2016, 19:19 GMT Merck remporte un prix R&D 100 pour son innovation 11 Nov, 2016, 15:55 GMT Merck Wins R&D 100 Award for Top Invention 11 Nov, 2016, 13:00 GMT View all news by Merck Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
null
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists EMA starts review of Pfizer and Merck's PD-L1 inhibitor Avelumab looks set to be the first new drug to treat Merkel cell carcinoma German Merck and Pfizer's bid to bring the fourth PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitor to market is now underway, with the EU regulator kicking off a review of avelumab for Merkel cell carcinoma. The marketing application is based on the results of the JAVELIN Merkel 200 study which involved patients with the rare and aggressive skin cancer who had previously been treated with chemotherapy and were presented at this year's ASCO meeting. In the trial, avelumab achieved an objective response rate (ORR) of 32%, with around 9% of patients seeing a complete response to the treatment. After a follow-up of 10.4 months, 82% of patients continued to respond to therapy. Merkel cell carcinoma can typically be treated with surgery if caught early, but the treatment options are "severely limited" for patients who have advanced disease at diagnosis, according to Luciano Rossetti, executive vice president, global head of R&D at the biopharma business of Merck. If approved, avelumab will join Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo (nivolumab), Merck & Co's Keytruda (pembrolizumab) and Roche's Tecentriq (atezolizumab) in the emerging checkpoint inhibitor class of cancer drugs, which are predicted to become a $30bn-plus market by 2022 thanks to unprecedented efficacy in a host of hard-to-treat cancers. Avelumab looks set to be the first new drug to treat Merkel cell carcinoma, so initially at least will sidestep the fierce competition between the other drugs in indications such as non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). "This is the first of what we hope will be many regulatory milestones for avelumab," said Chris Boshoff, senior vice president in charge of immuno-oncology at Pfizer. "We are committed to evaluating avelumab in a number of hard-to-treat cancers." Merck and Pfizer have phase II and III trials of avelumab ongoing in NSCLC, renal cell carcinoma and ovarian, gastric and bladder cancer. Despite the significant progress made with PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors, the majority of patients do not respond to these drugs when given alone so combination use with other drugs is a key strategy for all their developers. For example, Pfizer is looking at combining avelumab with two of its in-house immuno-oncology candidates, the 4-1BB (CD137) agonist utomilumab (PF-05082566) and OX40 agonist PF-04518600, as well as all three together as a triple anticancer regimen. Pfizer paid Merck $850m upfront to jointly develop and market avelumab for multiple cancer indications in 2014. If all goes according to plan the deal could be worth up to $2.85bn to the German drugmaker. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 1st November 2016 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content BMS teams up with Infinity Pharmaceuticals for Opdivo study Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo Opening up innovation NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Deal Watch September 2016 Related Hub content Case Study - Pfizer Video: Immuno-oncology therapies Video: Immuno-oncology therapies Free Thinking: From promise to practice: immuno-oncology in action From promise to practice: immuno-oncology in action Part 3 - Emerging Markets PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites NICE set to knock-back Amgen's myeloma treatment Kyprolis Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Amgen wins European approval for Parsabiv Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo A rock and a hard place greyhealth group appoints digital strategy director PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services CAN advertising Brief us and you’ll soon see we really CAN do it all. We’re different to other agencies. You’ll get expert... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
null
null
Menu Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Growth Companies Human Capital & Careers Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Sign InSign Up Search for: CFO Conferences Webcasts Research White Papers Jobs Training Newsletters Magazine Search for: The Death of the Department A holistic digital view of the enterprise will be… Turning Barriers into Opportunities New ways to enable innovation in financial… Trump’s Corporate Tax Reforms: What CFOs Need to Know While Trump wants to close loopholes, many of them… Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Risk & Compliance Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Strategy Technology Risk Management Boards Push Insurers to Quantify Cyber Risks But the insurance industry is in its infancy on cyber and is too focused on pushing products. David M. Katz October 31, 2016 | CFO.com | US - Comments: 1 share Tweet Email Print - Print + Email this article To* Please enter your email address* Subject* Comments* Galvanized by recent cyber attacks against corporations, boards of directors are pushing their companies’ risk managers as well as the insurance industry to quantify cyber risks. The push for better predictive data on computer breaches stems from directors’ desire for clarity on how to either self-fund or transfer the risk to insurance companies. Seeing disclosure as a way to exert downward pressure on their organizations to do a better job of predicting and managing cyber risks, at least one board has also pressed its company’s management to report and quantify the threat. Meanwhile, the insurance industry, in its infancy in terms of quantifying its clients’ risk, is merely pushing commodified products that cover only a fraction of the potential risks. Recommended Stories: Five Strategies to Mitigate Global Risks New ISO Standard Is an Anti-Bribery Game-Changer Making Hedging Strategies Work: It Takes a Committee Those are key takeaways for CFOs from presentations by insurers, insurance brokers, corporate risk managers, and chief information security officers who spoke last week at the Cyber Risk Insights Conference held by Advisen, a risk management data firm, in New York. Especially striking for a conference involving the nascent cyber insurance industry was the attendance, with the spacious Grand Hyatt New York ballroom packed solid. Part of the attendance could be attributed to the intense interest corporations are taking in preparing for looming, though ill-defined cyber risks. Indeed, two conferences panelists,  the risk managers of Merck & Co. and Time Inc., both classified cyber-risk exposures as one of the top perils in the hierarchy of risks their corporations face. “Cyber is absolutely a top risk in the organization. In fact, we’ve actually begun disclosing it as such in our public filings, our 10-Ks, alongside our business and operations risks,” said Eric Dobkin, the director of insurance and risk management at Merck. “It’s gotten attention from all levels of the company.” Laura Winn, Time Similarly, Laura Winn, the director of risk management and treasury at Time, said the media giant’s board considers attacks on the company’s computer systems a “top three risk,” with lawsuits against its directors and officers another one she mentioned. Prompted by the board, the company’s risk management department is working to quantify the company’s exposure to cyber attacks so that it can transfer some of the risks to insurers, she added. Culling all the media company’s cyber-risk-management information together in a meaningfully predictive way is a tough task, however. That’s because “our organization is pretty siloed,” she said. “One thing we need to do is bring everybody together, outside of the crisis management team,” to gather the data needed to underlie a corporate-wide strategy to prevent cyber losses before they happen. Merck is embarked on a similar path. “Within our organization, we have challenges and questions about how to quantify the risk,” said Dobkin. While he works on quantification in conjunction with the chief information security officer on that effort, he works “with everyone else too,” the risk manager said. “I struggle to think what part of the organization isn’t touched by the risk,” he added, noting that the company’s manufacturing, research, and distribution functions are all exposed to cyber attacks. Both risk managers suggested that making cyber risk disclosure part of corporate financial reporting could have preventative effects. But their companies only report the existence of the risks, not the extent of them. Within its report of its technology risks in its most recent 10-K, Merck reported that its could “experience a business interruption, intentional theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from espionage attacks, malware or other cyber-attacks, or insider threat attacks….” Yet its quantitative reporting on the risks remained threadbare. “Although the aggregate impact on the Company’s operations and financial condition has not been material to date, the Company has been the target of events of this nature and expects them to continue,” Merck reported, without giving numbers. In its most recent annual report, Time disclosed: “Like other companies, we have on occasion experienced, and will continue to experience, threats to our data and systems, including malicious codes and viruses, and other cyber-attacks. The number and complexity of these threats continue to increase over time.” Again, there was no actual quantification of the risk. “It’s difficult to quantify what the exposure is to our organization,” said Winn, noting that it’s hard “just getting the right payroll [data] for workers’ compensation insurance and risk management purposes.” A large retailer she previously worked for also disclosed cyber risk in its 10-K but didn’t quantify it, Winn recalled. As a result, that company’s board began to press for more details on the extent of the risk. “Disclosure does push the board to push down” on the rest of the organization to get better risk information, she said. For its part, Merck’s risk management department gets “questions about how to quantify risk” from the finance department, which it reports to, said Dobkin. But one of the prime sources corporations would go to for information and advice about how to manage risk exposures, the property-casualty insurance industry, is only just getting started on gaining a true understanding of how to forecast cyber losses. To the industry, “the role of the insurance market is shrouded in clouds,” said Dominic Casserley, the president and deputy chief executive officer of Willis Towers Watson, the big insurance broker and consultancy. Insurers “have no idea where it will go.” Indeed, the past year has shown the industry “that we’ve only just gotten started to address this problem [of how to quantify the risk]. 2016 was the year when we became aware of the fact that the consequences may be much broader than just the costs associated with handling a company’s personal data,” potentially involving attacks on the internet of things, said Ben Beeson, cyber risk practice leader for insurance broker Lockton Cos. “Not just the data but the physical assets may be at risk, and [cyber criminals] just might attack you physically.” Rather than just trying to push products, insurers should seek to tailor coverage to the needs of each individual corporate client, according to Beeson. “While it is good news that the insurance industry’s awareness has grown, it is not, at least in the short term, making life any easier for our clients,” he said. “When it comes to trying to understand how to transfer cyber risk from the balance sheet … [corporate insurance buyers are] facing ambiguity, a jigsaw puzzle of insurance products that overlap in some areas and exclude in others.” While the insurance industry may be progressing in terms of its grasp of cyber risks, “the risk is evolving incredibly dynamically, and the industry is very deliberative,” observed Merck’s Dobkin. Post navigation ← GE, Baker Hughes to Merge Oil, Gas Businesses CenturyLink Upgrades Network With Level 3 Buy → One response to “Boards Push Insurers to Quantify Cyber Risks” Bruce Fernandez said 11/02/16 16:12pm So why do they not do similar as respects their company’s intangible assets (i.e. patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, et al)? Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Newsletter Sign Up Advertisement Popular Articles In Tech, Return Measures are Better than Margins Robots, Robots Everywhere Ex-CFO Tells the Fascinating Story of Pixar The End of Accounting? Key Performance Drivers: KPIs Evolved Five Employment Law Traps for CFOs Advertisement   Topics Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Media Videos Whitepapers Research Blogs Magazine Events Conferences Webcasts Services Reprints Back Issues Mobile Widgets RSS About CFO About CFO Editorial Staff Press Advertise FAQ Contact Us Want the Magazine? Relax and unplug with our award-winning coverage. Subscribe Now Follow Us
null
null
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MERCK KGAA AKTIE»EMA To Review Merck's Avelumab For Treatment Of Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma MERCK KGAA 94,94  Euro +0,07 +0,07 % WKN: 659990  ISIN: DE0006599905 Ticker-Symbol: MRK  Xetra | 14.11.16 | 17:35 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktDAX-30 Prime Standard DAX International 100 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 94,49 95,36 14.11. 94,71 95,06 14.11. 31.10.2016 | 08:57 (17 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News EMA To Review Merck's Avelumab For Treatment Of Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma NEW YORK CITY (dpa-AFX) - Merck KGaA (MKGAY.PK) and Pfizer Inc. (PFE) announced the European Medicines Agency has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. The avelumab metastatic MCC MAA submission is supported by data from JAVELIN Merkel 200, a multicenter, single-arm, open-label, Phase II study of 88 patients with metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed after at least one chemotherapy treatment. The companies noted that, if approved, avelumab could be the first treatment indicated for patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. Avelumab, an investigational anti-PD-L1 antibody, is initially discovered and developed by Merck KGaA. The immuno-oncology alliance between Merck and Pfizer will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu MERCK KGAA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mo Merck Korea and Incheon sign MOU on biopharm: Pharmaceutical giant Merck Korea signed a memorandum of ... ► Artikel lesen Mo BRIEF-Merck KGaA says primary endpoint was not met in study population ► Artikel lesen Mo Merck KGaA PT Set at €101.00 by Commerzbank AG ► Artikel lesen Mo Analysts Set Merck KGaA Target Price at $101.50 ► Artikel lesen Mo Merck: Study Results Confirm Potential Of Atacicept As Candidate Therapy For SLE VIENNA (dpa-AFX) - Merck KGaA (MKGAY.PK) reported the results of the ADDRESS II Phase IIb, multicenter study on atacicept in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus. The company said, although... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart MERCK KGAA Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % MERCK KGAA 94,94 +0,07 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
378333 3408 sfoglia le notizie ACCEDI REGISTRATI Utente Password Password dimenticata METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Pr Newswire . European Medicines Agency Validates the Marketing Authorization Application for Avelumab for the Treatment of Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma European Medicines Agency Validates the Marketing Authorization Application for Avelumab for the Treatment of Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma PR NEWSWIRE Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 31/10/2016 08:01 DARMSTADT, Germany and NEW YORK, October 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK-based media  Merck and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC), a rare and aggressive skin cancer, which impacts approximately 2,500 Europeans a year. [1],[2] Validation of the MAA confirms that submission is complete and begins the EMA's centralized review process.* If approved, avelumab, an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody, could be the first approved treatment indicated for metastatic MCC in the EU. Patients with metastatic MCC face a very poor prognosis, with less than 20 percent surviving beyond five years. [3]     (Logo:  http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO )      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161028/433902LOGO ) "While early-stage Merkel cell carcinoma can be generally managed with surgery, there are significant unmet needs in metastatic disease, where treatment options are severely limited," said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We are pleased that the EMA is initiating its review of avelumab, as this means we are one step closer to bringing a much-needed new treatment option to European patients." "This is the first of what we hope will be many regulatory milestones for avelumab," said Chris Boshoff, M.D., Ph.D., Senior Vice President and Head of Immuno-oncology, Early Development and Translational Oncology, Pfizer Global Product Development. "We are committed to evaluating avelumab in a number of hard-to-treat cancers, and we believe it may have potential to be an important treatment option for patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma." The avelumab metastatic MCC MAA submission is supported by data from JAVELIN Merkel 200, a multicenter, single-arm, open-label, Phase II study of 88 patients with metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed after at least one chemotherapy treatment. [1] The JAVELIN Merkel 200 study represents the largest data set of any anti-PD-L1/PD-1 antibody reported in this patient population. These data were recently published in the Lancet Oncology. [1] Avelumab received an Orphan Drug Designation (ODD) from the European Commission for MCC. To qualify for an ODD in the EU, a medicine must be intended for the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of a disease that is life-threatening or chronically debilitating; the prevalence of the condition in the EU must not be more than 5 in 10,000, or it must be unlikely that marketing of the medicine would generate sufficient returns to justify the investment needed for its development; and it must be for a disease where no satisfactory treatment is currently available. [4] The clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves at least 30 clinical programs and over 2,900 patients evaluated across more than 15 different tumor types. In addition to metastatic MCC, these cancers include breast, gastric/gastro-esophageal junction, head and neck, Hodgkin's lymphoma, melanoma, mesothelioma, non-small cell lung, ovarian, renal cell carcinoma and urothelial (primarily bladder). *Avelumab is not approved for any indication in any market. This marks the first acceptance of an EU market authorization application to review the safety and efficacy results for the investigational product avelumab.  References  About Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma (MCC)   Metastatic MCC is a rare and aggressive disease in which cancer cells form in the top layer of the skin, close to nerve endings. [1],[5] MCC, which is also known as neuroendocrine carcinoma of the skin or trabecular cancer, often starts in those areas of skin that are most often exposed to the sun, including the head and neck, and arms. [6] Risk factors for MCC include sun exposure and having a weak immune system (i.e., solid organ transplant recipients, people with HIV/AIDS and people with other cancers, such as chronic lymphocytic leukemia, are at higher risk). Caucasian males older than 50 are at increased risk. [5] MCC is often misdiagnosed for other skin cancers and grows at an exponential rate on chronically sun-damaged skin.  [7]-[10] Current treatment options for MCC include surgery, radiation and chemotherapy. [8]Treatment for Metastatic or Stage IV MCC is generally palliative. About Avelumab   Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational, fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody. By inhibiting PD-L1 interactions, avelumab is thought to enable the activation of T-cells and the adaptive immune system. By retaining a native Fc-region, avelumab is thought to potentially engage the innate immune system and induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC). In November 2014, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. In the JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial, treatment-related adverse events (AEs) occurred in 62 (70%) of 88 patients including fatigue and infusion-related reactions. Five grade 3 treatment-related AEs were reported in four of 88 patients and include two patients with lymphopenia and three patients with isolated laboratory abnormalities (elevated blood creatine phosphokinase, blood cholesterol, and hepatic aminotransferase). [1] There were no grade 4 treatment-related AEs or deaths related to treatment. [1] No patients in the trial discontinued treatment with avelumab permanently due to AEs; however, AEs leading to temporary treatment discontinuation of avelumab were anemia, diarrhea, and increased ALT in one patient each. [1] About Merck-Pfizer Alliance   Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck and Pfizer. The global strategic alliance between Merck and Pfizer enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an investigational anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab, as a monotherapy, as well as combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to  www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. For further details and press materials about Merck in oncology please visit www.merckgroup.com/en/media/media_center_oncology.html About Merck   Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world [ ® ] At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of healthcare products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines, as well as many of the world's best-known consumer healthcare products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, Pfizer has worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. To learn more, please visit us at  http://www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, follow us on Twitter at  @Pfizer and  @Pfizer_News,  LinkedIn   and like us on Facebook at  Facebook.com/Pfizer. Pfizer Disclosure Notice   The information contained in this release is as of October 31, 2016. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about avelumab (MSB0010718C), including a potential indication for avelumab for the treatment of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (the "Potential Indications"), Pfizer's and Merck's immuno-oncology alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in other jurisdictions for the Potential Indication or whether and when drug applications may be filed in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for avelumab, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when the MAA for the Potential Indication or any such applications may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of avelumab, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at  http://www.sec.gov and  http://www.pfizer.com. Your Contacts Merck Media Gangolf Schrimpf +49-6151-72-9591 Investor Relations   +49-6151-72-3321Pfizer Media (US)Sally Beatty +1-212-733-6566 Media (EU)Lisa O'Neill +44-1737-331536 Investor RelationsRyan Crowe +1-212-733-8160 Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: enUK201610281239_Immedia, en-US, Salute_E_Benessere Chimica_E_Farmacia Chimica_E_Farmacia , Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Tg AdnKronos, 14 novembre 2016 Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Nuova Zelanda, terremoto e allarme tsunami. Ci sono vittime /Video /Foto 2. Sole24ore, Boccia: "Si avvicina piano lacrime e sangue" 3. 'Rossi dà un calcio a una tifosa', la Spagna contro il Dottore /Video 4. Muore dopo una festa, addio al rapper di X Factor /Video 5. Terremoto in Nuova Zelanda, in piscina arrivano le onde /Video Video Dal botox a XFactor, Robbie Williams scatenato su radio 105 Tg AdnKronos, 14 novembre 2016 Tutti con il naso all'insù, è Super-Luna Day L'Astroblogger, per Trump (Gemelli) inizio 2017 in salita Arriva l'acchiappa-auto, per fermare chi scappa dalla polizia I 'Martedì critici’ tornano in mostra con gli anni Zero fino al 2016 Missione umanitaria in Siria per 7 medici italiani Il cinema del futuro sbarca al Torino Film Festival Reaction Roma, al Macro Pelanda una videoinstallazione per raccontare la capitale In Evidenza Ricerca personale Sviluppo Business - Settore medico-scientifico All'AdnKronos Museum le 'porte aperte' di Ramon Llinas I Vila contro la guerra /Foto 'Sei in un Paese meraviglioso' Ecomondo – la Fiera Internazionale del Recupero di Materiale ed Energia e dello Sviluppo Sostenibile Coca-Cola Hbc Italia-Autogrill-Banco Alimentare, 300mila pasti per famiglie in difficoltà Oli lubrificanti usati, il 99% avviato a riciclo In moto per l'ambiente: Coou all'Eicma per promuovere la raccolta di olii usati /Video In viaggio multisensoriale fra luoghi del gusto all'Artigiano in Fiera' Alimentazione e sicurezza alimentare Calcio, il campionato di Lega Pro si sintonizza su Rds /Video Piccinini (Inca Cgil): "Troppo poche denunce malattie professionali nei trasporti" Consorzio oli usati a Eicma con le gare di slot, 'In moto per l'ambiente' Indagine Regus, in Italia 'smart working' possibile per 5 mln di lavoratori /Video Simest: meno costosi e più snelli finanziamenti internazionalizzazione pmi Nuovi scenari nel trattamento del mieloma multiplo Meningite, parliamone prima Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro Tech Care. Dalla cura al prendersi cura Randstad Regional Award 2016 ENAV: una nuova storia tutta da raccontare Il Giubileo di Francesco /Speciale Adnkronos Speciale Incentivi Speciale Consulenza per il lavoro   Seguici 378333 3408 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Startseite Blaulicht Abo Über Empfohlene Themen Auto / Verkehr People Gesundheit / Medizin Medien / Kultur Politik Tourismus / Urlaub Weitere Themen Bau / Immobilien Fashion / Beauty Finanzen Handel Netzwelt Panorama Presseschau Soziales Sport Umwelt Wirtschaft Wissen / Bildung Meldungen filtern Alle Meldungen Land/Sprache Schweiz Deutsch Deutschland Suisse Français MELDUNG EINSTELLEN Abonnieren Sie Ihre Themen mit der Presseportal-App. Newsroom-Abo Schließen Abonnieren Sie alle Meldungen von Merck and Pfizer 31.10.2016 – 08:01 Merck and Pfizer European Medicines Agency Validates the Marketing Authorization Application for Avelumab for the Treatment of Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma Darmstadt, Germany and New York (ots/PRNewswire) - Not intended for UK-based media - If approved, avelumab, an investigational anti-PD-L1 IgG1, could be
  the first treatment indicated for patients with metastatic Merkel 
  cell carcinoma  
- The Marketing Authorization Application is based on Phase II data 
  from the JAVELIN Merkel 200 study demonstrating meaningful tumor 
  responses in patients with metastatic disease that progressed after
  prior chemotherapy   
- JAVELIN Merkel 200 is the largest reported anti-PD-L1/PD-1 antibody
  study in this patient population    Merck and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC), a rare and aggressive skin cancer, which impacts approximately 2,500 Europeans a year.[1],[2] Validation of the MAA confirms that submission is complete and begins the EMA's centralized review process.* If approved, avelumab, an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody, could be the first approved treatment indicated for metastatic MCC in the EU. Patients with metastatic MCC face a very poor prognosis, with less than 20 percent surviving beyond five years.[3] 

(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161028/433902LOGO ) "While early-stage Merkel cell carcinoma can be generally managed with surgery, there are significant unmet needs in metastatic disease, where treatment options are severely limited," said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We are pleased that the EMA is initiating its review of avelumab, as this means we are one step closer to bringing a much-needed new treatment option to European patients." "This is the first of what we hope will be many regulatory milestones for avelumab," said Chris Boshoff, M.D., Ph.D., Senior Vice President and Head of Immuno-oncology, Early Development and Translational Oncology, Pfizer Global Product Development. "We are committed to evaluating avelumab in a number of hard-to-treat cancers, and we believe it may have potential to be an important treatment option for patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma." The avelumab metastatic MCC MAA submission is supported by data from JAVELIN Merkel 200, a multicenter, single-arm, open-label, Phase II study of 88 patients with metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed after at least one chemotherapy treatment.[1] The JAVELIN Merkel 200 study represents the largest data set of any anti-PD-L1/PD-1 antibody reported in this patient population. These data were recently published in the Lancet Oncology.[1] Avelumab received an Orphan Drug Designation (ODD) from the European Commission for MCC. To qualify for an ODD in the EU, a medicine must be intended for the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of a disease that is life-threatening or chronically debilitating; the prevalence of the condition in the EU must not be more than 5 in 10,000, or it must be unlikely that marketing of the medicine would generate sufficient returns to justify the investment needed for its development; and it must be for a disease where no satisfactory treatment is currently available.[4] The clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves at least 30 clinical programs and over 2,900 patients evaluated across more than 15 different tumor types. In addition to metastatic MCC, these cancers include breast, gastric/gastro-esophageal junction, head and neck, Hodgkin's lymphoma, melanoma, mesothelioma, non-small cell lung, ovarian, renal cell carcinoma and urothelial (primarily bladder). *Avelumab is not approved for any indication in any market. This marks the first acceptance of an EU market authorization application to review the safety and efficacy results for the investigational product avelumab. References  1. Kaufman HL et al. Avelumab in patients with 
    chemotherapy-refractory metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma: a 
    multicentre, single-group, open-label, phase 2 trial. Lancet 
    Oncology 2016;17(10);1374-85.
 2. IMMOMEC (European Commission). Merkel Cell Carcinoma. http://www.
    immomec.eu/project/objectives/background/merkel-cell-carcinoma/. 
    Last accessed October 2016.
 3. Lemos B, et al. Pathologic nodal evaluation improves prognostic 
    accuracy in Merkel cell carcinoma: Analysis of 5,823 cases as the
    basis of the first consensus staging system for this cancer. 
    Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology 2010;63:751-761.
 4. European Medicines Agency. Orphan designation. http://www.ema.eur
    opa.eu/ema/index.jsp?curl=pages/regulation/general/general_conten
    t_000029.jsp. Last accessed October 2016.
 5. National Cancer Institute. Merkel cell carcinoma 
    treatment-patient version (PDQ®). http://www.cancer.gov/types/ski
    n/patient/merkel-cell-treatment-pdq. Last accessed October 2016.
 6. American Cancer Society. What is Merkel cell carcinoma? http://ww
    w.cancer.org/cancer/skincancer-merkelcell/detailedguide/skin-canc
    er-merkel-cell-carcinoma-what-is-merkel-cell-carcinoma. Last 
    accessed October 2016.
 7. Desch L and Kuntsfeld R. Merkel cell carcinoma: chemotherapy and 
    emerging new therapeutic options. Journal of Skin Cancer. 
    2013(2013):327150. http://dx.doi.org/10.1155/2013/327150
 8. Heath M, Jaimes N and Lemos B. Clinical characteristics of Merkel
    cell carcinoma at diagnosis in 195 patients: the AEIOU features. 
    Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology. 2008;58:375-81. 
 http://www.pnlab.org/clinical/documents/ClinCharacteristics.pdf
 9. Poulsen M. Merkel cell carcinoma of skin: diagnosis and 
    management strategies. Drugs Aging. 2005;22(3):219-29.
10. Swann MH and Yoon J. Merkel cell carcinoma. Seminars in Oncology.
    2008;34(1):51-56.
11. NCCN Merkel Cell Carcinoma Guidelines version I. 2017. 
 http://www.nccn.org/professionals/physician_gls/PDF/mcc.pdf. Last
    accessed October 2016. About Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma (MCC) Metastatic MCC is a rare and aggressive disease in which cancer cells form in the top layer of the skin, close to nerve endings.[1],[5] MCC, which is also known as neuroendocrine carcinoma of the skin or trabecular cancer, often starts in those areas of skin that are most often exposed to the sun, including the head and neck, and arms.[6] Risk factors for MCC include sun exposure and having a weak immune system (i.e., solid organ transplant recipients, people with HIV/AIDS and people with other cancers, such as chronic lymphocytic leukemia, are at higher risk). Caucasian males older than 50 are at increased risk.[5] MCC is often misdiagnosed for other skin cancers and grows at an exponential rate on chronically sun-damaged skin. [7]-[10] Current treatment options for MCC include surgery, radiation and chemotherapy.[8]Treatment for Metastatic or Stage IV MCC is generally palliative. About Avelumab Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational, fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody. By inhibiting PD-L1 interactions, avelumab is thought to enable the activation of T-cells and the adaptive immune system. By retaining a native Fc-region, avelumab is thought to potentially engage the innate immune system and induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC). In November 2014, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. In the JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial, treatment-related adverse events (AEs) occurred in 62 (70%) of 88 patients including fatigue and infusion-related reactions. Five grade 3 treatment-related AEs were reported in four of 88 patients and include two patients with lymphopenia and three patients with isolated laboratory abnormalities (elevated blood creatine phosphokinase, blood cholesterol, and hepatic aminotransferase).[1] There were no grade 4 treatment-related AEs or deaths related to treatment.[1] No patients in the trial discontinued treatment with avelumab permanently due to AEs; however, AEs leading to temporary treatment discontinuation of avelumab were anemia, diarrhea, and increased ALT in one patient each.[1] About Merck-Pfizer Alliance Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck and Pfizer. The global strategic alliance between Merck and Pfizer enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an investigational anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab, as a monotherapy, as well as combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. For further details and press materials about Merck in oncology please visit www.merckgroup.com/en/media/media_center_oncology.html About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world[® ] At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of healthcare products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines, as well as many of the world's best-known consumer healthcare products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, Pfizer has worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. To learn more, please visit us at http://www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer (http://cts.businesswire.com/ct/CT?id=smartlink&url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fpfizer&esheet=51356409&newsitemid=20160606005771&lan=en-US&anchor=%40Pfizer&index=4&md5=e87fe5c6856741051dc884b6867e3ffa) and @Pfizer_News (http://cts.businesswire.com/ct/CT?id=smartlink&url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fpfizer_news&esheet=51356409&newsitemid=20160606005771&lan=en-US&anchor=%40Pfizer_News&index=5&md5=cf5e63756f6ab5c12fc077e5e90068e3), LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/pfizer) and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer (http://cts.businesswire.com/ct/CT?id=smartlink&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FPfizer&esheet=51356409&newsitemid=20160606005771&lan=en-US&anchor=Facebook.com%2FPfizer&index=7&md5=288d5bd99c7df784e0916061c5cfd713). Pfizer Disclosure Notice The information contained in this release is as of October 31, 2016. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about avelumab (MSB0010718C), including a potential indication for avelumab for the treatment of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (the "Potential Indications"), Pfizer's and Merck's immuno-oncology alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in other jurisdictions for the Potential Indication or whether and when drug applications may be filed in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for avelumab, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when the MAA for the Potential Indication or any such applications may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of avelumab, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at http://www.sec.gov and http://www.pfizer.com. Your Contacts Merck Media

Gangolf Schrimpf

+49-6151-72-9591 Investor Relations  

+49-6151-72-3321
Pfizer Media (US)

Sally Beatty

+1-212-733-6566 Media (EU)

Lisa O'Neill

+44-1737-331536 Investor Relations

Ryan Crowe

+1-212-733-8160  Original-Content von: Merck and Pfizer, übermittelt durch news aktuell Themen in dieser Meldung Gesundheit Panorama Medizin Das könnte Sie auch interessieren: OVB Holding AG liefert honorarfreies Bildmaterial für den Zwischenbericht zum 30. September 2016 am 10.11.2017 155.000 Beschäftigte in Apotheken: EuGH-Urteil gefährdet Arbeitsplätze Zuckersteuer gegen Diabetes - Umfrage: Zur Vorbeugung von Krankheiten sollten Lebensmittel mit viel Zucker nach Meinung vieler Deutscher deutlich teurer werden Reisebank-Goldstudie zeigt: Deutsche besitzen mittlerweile 2,5-mal so viel Gold wie die Bundesbank Raus aus dem "Ertrags- und Effizienz-Dilemma": neue Outbound-Strategien für eine neue Einladungskultur in Banken und Sparkassen Robbie Williams: "Wir haben dieses unglaubliche Haus in Beverly Hills. Ich habe oft das Gefühl, dass mich nur irgendein reicher Onkel dort wohnen lässt." Raus aus dem "Ertrags- und Effizienz-Dilemma": das Konzept der FAIRkaufsberatung der QIDF Der »Preis für Verständigung und Toleranz« geht dieses Jahr an die Zeitzeuginnen Renate Lasker Harpprecht, Anita Lasker Wallfisch und den Unternehmer Hasso Plattner Großer Zapfenstreich anlässlich des 60-jährigen Jubiläums der Deutschen Marine Die Presseportal App Mit news aktuell erreichen Sie immer die richtigen Menschen Unser Verbreitungsnetzwerk ots sorgt für optimale Reichweite und Relevanz. Mit news aktuell erreichen Sie immer die richtigen Menschen Unser Produktionsservice studio macht Ihre Story multimedial erlebbar. Impressum Inhalte abonnieren Kontakt Nutzungsrechte Textversion Jobs Mediadaten Sitemap API Newsrooms A-Z Feeds Datenschutz
europa press Abonados Europa Press Abonados Últimas Noticias España España Opinión Internacional Internacional África Asia Norteamérica Europa Oriente Próximo Elecciones EEUU 2016 Economía Economía Macroeconomía Empresas Finanzas Energía Construcción Transportes Legal Laboral Fiscal Bolsa Deportes Deportes Fútbol Motociclismo F1 Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Eurocopa 2016 Tarragona 2017 Olimpiadas Danone Nations Cup Otros deportes Circuito Running Universitario Vídeos de Fútbol Cultura Cultura Cine Música Críticas Exposiciones Libros TV Cartelera Sociedad Sociedad Educación Medio Ambiente Consumo Sucesos Salud Comunicados Moving for Climate NOW Autonomías Andalucía Andalucía Almería Cádiz Córdoba Granada Huelva Jaén Málaga Sevilla Turismo Educación Cooperación Economía y Conocimiento Fundación Cajasol Plan Supera Sevilla Jaén, Paraíso Interior Córdoba Única Costa de Almería Cádiz al Día Puertos del Estado EsAndalucía Aragón Aragón Huesca Teruel Zaragoza Cantabria Cantabria Cantabria Sostenible Cantabria Infinita Cantabria Cultura y Deporte Cantabria XXI Castilla-La Mancha Castilla-La Mancha Albacete Ciudad Real Cuenca Guadalajara Toledo Castilla y León Castilla y León Ávila Burgos León Palencia Salamanca Segovia Soria Valladolid Zamora Catalunya Catalunya Barcelona Girona Lleida Tarragona Fira de Barcelona Barcelona Economías Extremadura Extremadura Badajoz Cáceres Cáceres Provincial Galicia Galicia A Coruña Lugo Ourense Pontevedra Galego Galicia Rural Pesca Galicia Islas Canarias Islas Canarias Las Palmas S.C de Tenerife Gran Canaria Islas Baleares Madrid Madrid CEU Ifema País Vasco País Vasco Álava Guipuzcoa Vizcaya Euskera La Rioja C. Valenciana Comunidad Valenciana Alicante Castellón Valencia Valencià Valencià Comunitat Valenciana Espanya Internacional Cultura Esport Innova Cultura Navarra Asturias Asturias Asturianu Asturias Rural Murcia Ceuta y Melilla Ciencia Ciencia Misiones Espaciales Astronomia Hábitat y Clima Ruinas y Fósiles Laboratorio Comunicados Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs Europa Press Comunicación Chance Chance Famosos Realeza Belleza Moda Cine y Música TV Lifestyle Vídeos Portaltic Portaltic Internet Social Media Gadgets Videojuegos Software Empresa Portalgeek Sector EPSocial EPSocial Derechos Humanos Migración Infancia Cooperación y Desarrollo Igualdad Punto Crítico Responsables Notimérica Notimérica Iberoamérica México Brasil Argentina Chile Colombia Perú Bolivia Costa Rica Cuba Ecuador Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panamá Paraguay Puerto Rico República Dominicana El Salvador Uruguay Venezuela Turismo Turismo Actualidad Nacional En el Mundo Transportes Aeropuertos Aerolíneas Tren Navieras Otros Hoteles y Agencias Hoteles Agencias y TTOO Corporativo Cruceros Turismo Verde Destino España España Verde Pirineos Costa del Sol Costa Blanca Costa Dorada Costa Brava Costa de la Luz Costa Cálida Canarias Baleares Turismo Urbano Grandes Viajes Cultura Ocio Cultura Ocio Series & TV Cine Música Cartelera Vídeos Ocio en Casa Infosalus Infosalus Salud Farmacia Actualidad Mujer Nutrición Estética Asistencia Mayores Enfermedades Alergología Aparato Respiratorio Endocrinología y Nutrición Medicina Deportiva Oftalmología Psiquiatría Aparato Digestivo Cardiología Ginecología Neurología Oncología Traumatología Aparato Locomotor Dematología Infecciosas Odontología Pediatría Urología Desconecta Desconecta Curiosity Lifestyle Animal Party Viral Matchball Memes Motor Motor Coches Motos Industriales Sector Seguridad Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Impulsamos Impulsamos Economía responsable Emprendedores Empleo Innovación Consumo sostenible Eficiencia energética Integración Vida saludable Buen gobierno Servicios Servicios Europa Press Tiempo Tráfico Cartelera Sorteos Guia TV Horóscopo Especiales Elecciones Gallegas 25S Elecciones Vascas 25S Elecciones 26J Eurocopa 2016 Niños rotos por la guerra Lotería de Navidad 2016 Comunicados Internacional / COMUNICADO: European Medicines Agency Validates the Marketing Authorization Application for Avelumab for the Treatment of Metastatic Menéalo Comparte en Facebook Comparte en Twitter Comparte en Linkedin   Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs - Europa Press Comunicación - Comunicados Internacional Siguiente noticia Donald Trump promete cobrar 1 dólar: esto es lo que ganan otros líderes mundiales Noticia anterior Snowden alerta de un incremento del espionaje del Estado tras la victoria de Trump COMUNICADO: European Medicines Agency Validates the Marketing Authorization Application for Avelumab for the Treatment of Metastatic Publicado 31/10/2016 8:02:03CET DARMSTADT, Germany and NEW YORK, October 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK-based media  - If approved, avelumab, an investigational anti-PD-L1 IgG1, could be the first treatment indicated for patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma   - The Marketing Authorization Application is based on Phase II data from the JAVELIN Merkel 200 study demonstrating meaningful tumor responses in patients with metastatic disease that progressed after prior chemotherapy    - JAVELIN Merkel 200 is the largest reported anti-PD-L1/PD-1 antibody study in this patient population    Merck and Pfizer Inc. today announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC), a rare and aggressive skin cancer, which impacts approximately 2,500 Europeans a year.[1],[2]  Validation of the MAA confirms that submission is complete and begins the EMA's centralized review process.* If approved, avelumab, an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody, could be the first approved treatment indicated for metastatic MCC in the EU. Patients with metastatic MCC face a very poor prognosis, with less than 20 percent surviving beyond five years.[3] (Logo:  http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161028/433902LOGO ) "While early-stage Merkel cell carcinoma can be generally managed with surgery, there are significant unmet needs in metastatic disease, where treatment options are severely limited," said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We are pleased that the EMA is initiating its review of avelumab, as this means we are one step closer to bringing a much-needed new treatment option to European patients." "This is the first of what we hope will be many regulatory milestones for avelumab," said Chris Boshoff, M.D., Ph.D., Senior Vice President and Head of Immuno-oncology, Early Development and Translational Oncology, Pfizer Global Product Development. "We are committed to evaluating avelumab in a number of hard-to-treat cancers, and we believe it may have potential to be an important treatment option for patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma." The avelumab metastatic MCC MAA submission is supported by data from JAVELIN Merkel 200, a multicenter, single-arm, open-label, Phase II study of 88 patients with metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed after at least one chemotherapy treatment.[1] The JAVELIN Merkel 200 study represents the largest data set of any anti-PD-L1/PD-1 antibody reported in this patient population. These data were recently published in the Lancet Oncology.[1] Avelumab received an Orphan Drug Designation (ODD) from the European Commission for MCC. To qualify for an ODD in the EU, a medicine must be intended for the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of a disease that is life-threatening or chronically debilitating; the prevalence of the condition in the EU must not be more than 5 in 10,000, or it must be unlikely that marketing of the medicine would generate sufficient returns to justify the investment needed for its development; and it must be for a disease where no satisfactory treatment is currently available.[4] The clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves at least 30 clinical programs and over 2,900 patients evaluated across more than 15 different tumor types. In addition to metastatic MCC, these cancers include breast, gastric/gastro-esophageal junction, head and neck, Hodgkin's lymphoma, melanoma, mesothelioma, non-small cell lung, ovarian, renal cell carcinoma and urothelial (primarily bladder). *Avelumab is not approved for any indication in any market. This marks the first acceptance of an EU market authorization application to review the safety and efficacy results for the investigational product avelumab.  References  1) Kaufman HL et al. Avelumab in patients with chemotherapy-refractory metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma: a multicentre, single-group, open-label, phase 2 trial. Lancet Oncology 2016;17(10);1374-85. 2) IMMOMEC (European Commission). Merkel Cell Carcinoma. http://www.immomec.eu/project/objectives/background/merkel-cell-carcinoma . Last accessed October 2016. 3) Lemos B, et al. Pathologic nodal evaluation improves prognostic accuracy in Merkel cell carcinoma: Analysis of 5,823 cases as the basis of the first consensus staging system for this cancer. Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology 2010;63:751-761. 4) European Medicines Agency. Orphan designation. http://www.ema.europa.eu/ema/index.jsp?curl=pages/regulation/general/general_content_000029.jsp . Last accessed October 2016. 5) National Cancer Institute. Merkel cell carcinoma treatment-patient version (PDQ(R) ). http://www.cancer.gov/types/skin/patient/merkel-cell-treatment-pdq. Last accessed October 2016. 6) American Cancer Society. What is Merkel cell carcinoma? http://www.cancer.org/cancer/skincancer-merkelcell/detailedguide/skin-cancer-merkel-cell-carcinoma-what-is-merkel-cell-carcinoma . Last accessed October 2016. 7) Desch L and Kuntsfeld R. Merkel cell carcinoma: chemotherapy and emerging new therapeutic options. Journal of Skin Cancer. 2013(2013) :327150. http://dx.doi.org/10.1155/2013/327150 8) Heath M, Jaimes N and Lemos B. Clinical characteristics of Merkel cell carcinoma at diagnosis in 195 patients: the AEIOU features. Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology. 2008;58:375-81. http://www.pnlab.org/clinical/documents/ClinCharacteristics.pdf 9) Poulsen M. Merkel cell carcinoma of skin: diagnosis and management strategies. Drugs Aging. 2005;22(3):219-29. 10) Swann MH and Yoon J. Merkel cell carcinoma. Seminars in Oncology. 2008;34(1):51-56. 11) NCCN Merkel Cell Carcinoma Guidelines version I. 2017. http://www.nccn.org/professionals/physician_gls/PDF/mcc.pdf. Last accessed October 2016. About Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma (MCC)   Metastatic MCC is a rare and aggressive disease in which cancer cells form in the top layer of the skin, close to nerve endings.[1],[5] MCC, which is also known as neuroendocrine carcinoma of the skin or trabecular cancer, often starts in those areas of skin that are most often exposed to the sun, including the head and neck, and arms.[6]  Risk factors for MCC include sun exposure and having a weak immune system (i.e., solid organ transplant recipients, people with HIV/AIDS and people with other cancers, such as chronic lymphocytic leukemia, are at higher risk). Caucasian males older than 50 are at increased risk.[5] MCC is often misdiagnosed for other skin cancers and grows at an exponential rate on chronically sun-damaged skin. [7]-[10] Current treatment options for MCC include surgery, radiation and chemotherapy.[8]Treatment for Metastatic or Stage IV MCC is generally palliative. About Avelumab   (CONTINUA) Últimas noticias Elecciones EEUU Donald Trump Superluna Rajoy Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Últimas noticias / Comunicados Lunes, 14 de Noviembre 20:14Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: Zain / Mobily Arbitration Panel Judgement Rejects 90% of Mobily's SAR2.2 Billion Claim 18:40Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: Los sofás del futuro que llegarán a nuestros hogares 18:32Comunicados Empresas COMUNICADO: 20 cuantos absurdos y un adiós desesperado 18:10Comunicados Salud COMUNICADO: Aumentan los problemas sexuales entre jóvenes y adolescentes 18:05Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: Secretario de Seguridad de Quito firmará en breve un convenio con Método Arcón 18:00Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: El amor como una de las causas de la ansiedad de los españoles 17:56Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: El dinero ya no es excusa para no viajar 17:52Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: 4 regalos originales y útiles para estas Navidades 17:44Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO:El e-commerce es uno de los principales impulsores de la transformación digital 17:40Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: Extell Development lanza las ventas en One Manhattan Square 17:39Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: Silvia Leal urge a promover el emprendimiento de la mano de la evolución digital 17:25Comunicados Salud COMUNICADO: Sugerencias de recuperación tras un parto 17:22Comunicados Empresas COMUNICADO: Claves para negocios tecnológicos 17:20Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: El abogado penalista como medio de defensa de la libertad 17:18Comunicados TIC COMUNICADO: El auge del Cloud sigue su camino en España 17:17Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: Clarivate Analytics promueve avances en proceso de investigación científica con el lanzamiento de EndNote X8 16:53Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: TE Connectivity informa de que la conexión digital de nuestras vidas necesitará confianza e innovación 16:52Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: Es presenten a Paris els FCBARCELONA PHOTO AWARDS 16:48Comunicados Empresas COMUNICADO: Redk se consolida en Reino Unido con la adquisición de The Sugar Refinery 16:25Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: El edredón nórdico que mejor se adapta a tus necesidades Más noticias   Lo más leído Portada europa press 1 Donald Trump promete cobrar 1 dólar: esto es lo que ganan otros líderes mundiales 2 Las ofertas de Adidas, Oysho, Amazon y otros para el Black Friday 2016 3 Podemos devuelve los microcréditos con los que sus bases financiaron su campaña del 20D 4 PSOE, Ciudadanos y Podemos se unirán mañana para paralizar en el Congreso la LOMCE 5 GH 17: Muere el padre de Barbara, después de que su hija abandonase el reality Hoy Una semana Un mes La actualidad más visitada en europa press Internacional Donald Trump promete cobrar 1 dólar: esto es lo que ganan otros líderes mundiales Economía Finanzas Las ofertas de Adidas, Oysho, Amazon y otros para el Black Friday 2016 España Podemos devuelve los microcréditos con los que sus bases financiaron su campaña del 20D europa press Contacto Aviso legal Catálogo RSS Portal de actualidad y noticias de la Agencia Europa Press. Publicación digital auditada por OJD. © 2016 Europa Press. Está expresamente prohibida la redistribución y la redifusión de todo o parte de los contenidos de esta web sin su previo y expreso consentimiento. Este sitio web utiliza cookies propias y de terceros, puedes ver nuestra política de cookies - Aceptar Uso de cookies
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Top 5 Vendors in the Global Animal Antibacterial and Antibiotics Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio 01.11.2016 | 21:19 (3 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Top 5 Vendors in the Global Animal Antibacterial and Antibiotics Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio Technavio has announced the top five leading vendors in their recentglobal animal antibacterial and antibiotics market report. This research report also lists 18 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. Competitive vendor landscape According to the report, the global animal antibacterial and antibiotics market is highly fragmented with several small and large vendors. The vendors collaborate or acquire other vendors to stay competitive in the market. High growth opportunities in the market enable the entry of new players. Consumption of animal protein has been rising rapidly across the globe with emerging countries bringing the maximum growth in demand. To meet this growing demand, countries are using cost-efficient and vertically integrated intensive livestock production system. To keep the animals healthy and maintain productivity under such programs, the demand, as well as consumption of antibacterials and antibiotics is growing in proportion. However, overuse of antibiotics leads to the increase of antibiotic-resistant strains of bacteria, which becomes a significant threat to the future efficacy of antibiotics. The emerging countries such as India and China lead the chart here as the use of antibiotics in animals is unregulated in most of the developing countries, especially India," says Sapna Jha, lead infectious and rare diseases analyst from Technavio. As one of the latest moves, the US FDA is trying to control the unapproved use of animal antibiotic as 'growth promoters.' The authority created a three-year program in 2013 where it asked all veterinary antibiotics makers to change the label instruction and remove the words 'growth promoters' from the label. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=54101 Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technaviohealthcare and life sciencesresearch analysts identify the following key vendors: Zoetis Zoetis was the leading vendor in the global animal antibacterial and antibiotics market in 2015. The company is involved in the discovery, development, manufacturing, and commercialization of a broad range of animal healthcare medications and vaccines for food animals, livestock, and companion animals. Its major product categories are anti-infectives, vaccines, medicated feed additives, parasiticides, and other pharmaceuticals. Other non-pharmaceuticals include different product categories including nutritionals, agribusiness, diagnostics, devices, genetics, and professional consulting. Merck Animal Health The company was the second-leading vendor in the global animal antibacterial and antibiotics market in 2015. The company is engaged in the development, manufacturing, and marketing of various veterinary medicines and services. The products offered by Merck Animal Health are meant for inhibiting, treating, and controlling veterinary diseases among several farm and companion animals, which include canine, feline, equine, cattle, poultry, and swine. The range of products offered by the company is inclusive of veterinary pharmaceuticals, parasiticides, vaccines, and different types health management solution for veterinarians, producers, farmers, pet owners, and governments. Merial Merial is engaged in R&D, manufacturing, and marketing of various pharmaceuticals and vaccines for companion animals, food animals, horses, and wildlife. The company offers its products to various veterinarians, distributors, and government agencies, among others. The company also serves beef and dairy producers and veterinarians worldwide. The company is engaged in the veterinary public health services. Some of its products include Heartgard, NexGard, Ivomec, Frontline, and Eprinex. Elanco The company is involved in the development and marketing of products for the improvement of animal health. The company has developed more than 35 animal healthcare and agricultural products, and has sales in more than 75 countries. It is committed to protein production, companion animal health, and food safety. Its products help the food animal industry to produce an abundant supply of various safe, nutritious, and affordable food animals. The company also provides antibacterials, anticoccidials, vaccines, and parasiticides for pets and livestock. It also serves farmers and livestock producers, veterinarians, pet owners, animal nutritionists, nutrition suppliers, feed mill operators, food processors and packagers, and grocers and food retailers worldwide. Bayer HealthCare Bayer HealthCare is engaged in the R&D of animal health products and products for pest control. Bayer HealthCare has a strong distribution network including animal owners and veterinarians, farmers, and breeders. It serves customers worldwide including the Americas, EMEA, and APAC. The company develops, produces, and markets healthcare and agricultural products and high-tech polymer materials. The company has a wide portfolio of antibacterial; parasiticides; nutritional supplements and feed additives; pharmacological agents, including sedatives and painkillers for dogs, cats, and horses; and vaccines for cattle, swines, sheep, poultry, aquaculture, and bees. The company also provides anti-infectives, disinfectants, ectoparasiticides, insecticides, and rodenticides for bees, calves, ferrets, goats, insects, microorganisms, rodents, sheep, and zoo/wild animals. All product names, brands and trademarks mentioned in this release are the property of their respective owners. Browse Related Reports: Animal Health Market in North America 2015 2019 Global Pet Dietary Supplements Market 2016-2020 Global Medicinal Feed Additives Market 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161101006605/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists Merck licenses University of Edinburgh research tool Gains access to novel disease progression technology Merck KGaA has acquired access to a pioneering research tool from The University of Edinburgh for the study of early stage disease progression. Developed by the university's commercialisation arm, Edinburgh Research & Innovation, the technology uses a fluorescent compound to tag peptides and so make them visible as disease reporters. The tool, which has been designed not interfere to with the peptides' natural state, makes their identification easier under a microscope and so allows researchers to better track disease onset and behaviour. Dr Marc Vendrell, principal investigator of The University of Edinburgh's School of Clinical Sciences team, said: “One of the main advantages of our technology is that it can be broadly applied to almost all peptides, having a global impact in biomedicine. “This means that our technology will improve our understanding of disease at many different levels, from cancer to the regeneration of tissues or the progression of inflammatory diseases.” Currently subject of a patent application, the peptide technology was funded by a Marie Curie Career Integration Grant from the EU Commission, and worked on with academic partners at the University of Barcelona and the University of Manchester. Merck's Udit Batra, chief executive of Merck Life Science, said: “At Merck, we are always looking for innovative ideas to enhance our customers' research efforts. “This compound from the University of Edinburgh offers researchers a way to fluorescently label peptides that has minimal interference with peptide structure. “This will enable biological discovery and complement our portfolio of chemical biology tools.” Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Rebecca Clifford 1st November 2016 From: Research Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo Merck KGaA appoints chief strategy officer The future is bright Healthcare and the digital revolution Related Hub content Navigating the way to a positive HTA: avoiding snakes, climbing ladders Connected Health Smiles That Save Lives Delivering made to measure audiences and target patient populations – we are Amscreen (video) Thoughts on the intersection between technology and psychology PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package SAE – Healthcare Policy/Healthcare PR Senior Project Manager – Medical Communications – Herts Multiple Senior Brand Managers - Rare Disease/Neuro/GI - London Competitive Package Salary Research Director- Head of UK Negotiable Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites NICE set to knock-back Amgen's myeloma treatment Kyprolis Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Amgen wins European approval for Parsabiv Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo A rock and a hard place greyhealth group appoints digital strategy director PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Quintiles With a network of more than 27,000 employees conducting business in approximately 100 countries, we have helped develop or commercialize... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
378333 3408 sfoglia le notizie ACCEDI REGISTRATI Utente Password Password dimenticata METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Pr Newswire . Merck Partners with American Cancer Society to Address Cancer in Women Merck Partners with American Cancer Society to Address Cancer in Women PR NEWSWIRE Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 01/11/2016 16:29 DARMSTADT, Germany, November 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, and the American Cancer Society (ACS) today released a report that shows all four of the top causes of cancer deaths in women worldwide are mostly preventable or can often be detected early, when treatment is more successful. The report, titled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women," is the first tangible output from an innovative partnership between Merck and the American Cancer Society focused on raising awareness and strengthening advocacy around women's cancers. "We are proud to partner with the American Cancer Society to address the impact cancer has on women worldwide," said Belén Garijo, member of the Executive Board and CEO Healthcare at Merck. "This collaboration is a first-of-its-kind public-private partnership that recognizes that no one sector can tackle this challenge alone. Improving women's health and well-being has an uplifting ripple effect on our world, and we know when women do better, our communities do better." The research examines the increasing impact of cancer among women in low- and middle-income countries - and outlines potential solutions to minimize the economic and societal impact of the disease for women, their families and healthcare systems. Cancer is the second leading cause of death in women, with breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancers claiming the most lives each year. With cancer rates on the rise as the global population grows and ages, the number of women who will lose their lives to cancer is expected to increase, particularly in low- and middle-income countries. In 2012, there were 3.5 million deaths among women due to cancer; by 2030 that number is expected to increase to 5.5 million deaths - a more than 57% increase in less than two decades. Increased education and prevention efforts will be essential to addressing this growing global health crisis. "It's incumbent upon both the public and private sectors, as members of the global health community, to find ways to reduce the impacts of cancer on women by increasing prevention and treatment, saving the lives of women across the globe," said Ambassador Sally Cowal, senior vice president, global cancer control at the American Cancer Society. In addition to the physical challenges women with cancer and their families experience, the burden of cancer also extends to the economy. The study found that in 2009, the global economic burden of cancer was estimated at about $ 286 billion, and much of that cost was due to premature death of members of the workforce. In the United States alone in 2008, years of productive life lost due to cancer in women corresponded to $ 82 billion, not to mention the many professional achievements that might have been realized. The report was released at the World Cancer Congress during a Merck panel moderated by Ambassador Cowal. Other participants included HRH Princess Dina Mired of Jordan; Dr. Alise Reicin, Head of Global Clinical Development in the biopharma business of Merck; and Dr. Edward L. "Ted" Trimble, director, Center for Global Health at the National Cancer Institute. This partnership will also catalyse the evolution of the American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars program, which aims to educate and cultivate health and civil society professionals in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia and India to affect meaningful change in prevention and early detection of cancers among women in low- and middle-income countries. This report is part of Merck's involvement with the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies initiative, which explicitly links the issue of women's health and well-being with economic growth. The full "Global Burden of Cancer in Women" report is available http://www.cancer.org/research/cancerfactsstatistics/global-burden-cancer-in-women. About the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies Initiative  Merck is a founding partner of the Healthy Women, Healthy Economies initiative, which brings together the evidence about women's health and well-being and its impact on economic growth with the best practices that governments, employers and non-governmental organizations can follow. It aims to identify and implement policies that advance women's health and well-being to increase their economic participation in the societies in which they live. About the American Cancer Society  The American Cancer Society is a global grassroots force of more than three million volunteers saving lives and fighting for every birthday threatened by every cancer in every community. As the largest voluntary health organization, the Society's efforts have contributed to a 20 percent decline in cancer death rates in the U.S. since 1991, and a 50 percent drop in smoking rates. Thanks in part to our progress, nearly 14 million Americans who have had cancer and countless more who have avoided it will celebrate more birthdays this year. We're determined to finish the fight against cancer. We're finding cures as the nation's largest private, not-for-profit investor in cancer research, ensuring people facing cancer have the help they need and continuing the fight for access to quality health care, lifesaving screenings, clean air and more. For more information, to get help, or to join the fight, call us anytime, day or night, at 1-800-227-2345 or visit cancer.org. About the American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars Program  The American Cancer Society's All of Me Young Scholars program aims to educate and cultivate young health and civil society professionals around the world to bring their energy, voice and new ideas to the new and growing field of integration of women's cancer prevention and early detection. All Merck press releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of €12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO )      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151019/278051LOGO ) Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: enUK201611011421_Immedia, en-US, Salute_E_Benessere Chimica_E_Farmacia Chimica_E_Farmacia Economia_E_Finanza , Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Tg AdnKronos, 14 novembre 2016 Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Nuova Zelanda, terremoto e allarme tsunami. Ci sono vittime /Video /Foto 2. Sole24ore, Boccia: "Si avvicina piano lacrime e sangue" 3. 'Rossi dà un calcio a una tifosa', la Spagna contro il Dottore /Video 4. Muore dopo una festa, addio al rapper di X Factor /Video 5. Terremoto in Nuova Zelanda, in piscina arrivano le onde /Video Video Dal botox a XFactor, Robbie Williams scatenato su radio 105 Tg AdnKronos, 14 novembre 2016 Tutti con il naso all'insù, è Super-Luna Day L'Astroblogger, per Trump (Gemelli) inizio 2017 in salita Arriva l'acchiappa-auto, per fermare chi scappa dalla polizia I 'Martedì critici’ tornano in mostra con gli anni Zero fino al 2016 Missione umanitaria in Siria per 7 medici italiani Il cinema del futuro sbarca al Torino Film Festival Reaction Roma, al Macro Pelanda una videoinstallazione per raccontare la capitale In Evidenza Ricerca personale Sviluppo Business - Settore medico-scientifico All'AdnKronos Museum le 'porte aperte' di Ramon Llinas I Vila contro la guerra /Foto 'Sei in un Paese meraviglioso' Ecomondo – la Fiera Internazionale del Recupero di Materiale ed Energia e dello Sviluppo Sostenibile Coca-Cola Hbc Italia-Autogrill-Banco Alimentare, 300mila pasti per famiglie in difficoltà Oli lubrificanti usati, il 99% avviato a riciclo In moto per l'ambiente: Coou all'Eicma per promuovere la raccolta di olii usati /Video In viaggio multisensoriale fra luoghi del gusto all'Artigiano in Fiera' Alimentazione e sicurezza alimentare Calcio, il campionato di Lega Pro si sintonizza su Rds /Video Piccinini (Inca Cgil): "Troppo poche denunce malattie professionali nei trasporti" Consorzio oli usati a Eicma con le gare di slot, 'In moto per l'ambiente' Indagine Regus, in Italia 'smart working' possibile per 5 mln di lavoratori /Video Simest: meno costosi e più snelli finanziamenti internazionalizzazione pmi Nuovi scenari nel trattamento del mieloma multiplo Meningite, parliamone prima Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro Tech Care. Dalla cura al prendersi cura Randstad Regional Award 2016 ENAV: una nuova storia tutta da raccontare Il Giubileo di Francesco /Speciale Adnkronos Speciale Incentivi Speciale Consulenza per il lavoro   Seguici 378333 3408 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Skip to Content Search: All AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products Browse all medications: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Advanced Search Topics & Tools Facebook Twitter Google Plus Sign In Sign In Register Menu Close Account Sign In Register Now Drugs A-Z A-Z Drug Index Drugs by Condition Drugs by Class Generic Drugs OTC Drugs International Drugs Natural Products Veterinary Products Info en Español Drug Side Effects Dosage Guides Pregnancy Warnings Breastfeeding Warnings Pricing & Coupons Inactive Ingredients Advanced Search Phonetic Search Pill Identifier Interactions Checker News Q & A Pro Edition Apps More Videos Slideshows Mobile Apps Pricing & Coupon Guide Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Home › News › Pharma Industry News › Monthly News... Print Share All News Consumer Pharma New Drugs Pipeline Clinical Trials FDA Alerts Monthly News Roundup - October 2016 Tweet Merck’s Zinplava Approved to Fend Off Return of Clostridium Difficile Zinplava (bezlotoxumab) has been FDA-approved to reduce the recurrence of Clostridium difficile infection (CDI) in adults who are receiving antibacterial drug treatment for CDI and who are at high risk for CDI recurrence. Zinplava is not an antibacterial and does not treat an active CDI infection. Zinplava is a human monoclonal antibody that binds with C. difficile toxin B to prevent its effects on human cells. Common adverse reactions include nausea, pyrexia and headache. Heart failure, a serious adverse reaction, was noted in 2.3% of Zinplava-treated patients and 1.0% of placebo-treated patients. Lilly’s Lartruvo Gains Accelerated Approval for Soft Tissue Sarcoma The FDA has granted accelerated approval to Lartruvo (olaratumab) to be used with the chemotherapy drug doxorubicin for treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma (STS) who cannot be cured with radiation or surgery. Lartruvo acts as a platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFR-α) blocking antibody to help slow or stop tumor growth. In clinical trials, patients who received Lartruvo with doxorubicin had a statistically significant improvement in overall survival: the median survival was 26.5 months compared to 14.7 months for patients who received doxorubicin alone. Common side effects included nausea, fatigue, low white blood cells (neutropenia), and muscle pain, among others. Keytruda Now First-Line for Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Merck’s anti-PD-1 (programmed death receptor-1) therapy Keytruda (pembrolizumab) has been approved for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with high PD-L1 expression (tumor proportion score [TPS] of 50 percent or more) with no EGFR/ALK tumor abnormalities. Based on KEYNOTE-024 interim data, Keytruda reduced disease progression or death by 50 percent compared to chemotherapy. Keytruda is now the only anti-PD-1 therapy approved first-line treatment for this patient population. The trial was stopped early so patients on chemotherapy could receive Keytruda. Immune-mediated side effects include inflammation of the lungs, colon, liver, kidney and endocrine gland problems. Genentech’s Tecentriq Approved to Treat Advanced Form of Lung Cancer Tecentriq (atezolizumab), an immunotherapy agent used in cancer, has been approved to treat metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with EGFR/ALK gene abnormalities, in patients whose disease has progressed during or after treatment with a platinum-based chemotherapy or other appropriate targeted therapy. Patients were enrolled in studies regardless of their PD-L1 status. In clinical studies, patients receiving Tecentriq lived a median 4.2 months longer than patients receiving chemotherapy with docetaxel (13.8 vs. 9.6 months). Possible side effects with Tecentriq include lung inflammation, hepatitis, intestinal inflammation, hormone gland problems, eye inflammation, and severe infections and infusion reactions. Carnexiv Approved as First Injectable Carbamazepine The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved Lundbeck’s Carnexiv (carbamazepine), an intravenous (IV) injection formulation of the antiepileptic drug carbamazepine. Carnexiv is indicated as short-term (≤7 days) replacement therapy for oral carbamazepine when oral administration for certain seizures in adults is temporarily not feasible. Carnexiv will be the first available IV formulation of carbamazepine. The total daily dosage of Carnexiv is 70% of the total daily oral dose divided equally into four separate 30-minute infusions separated by 6 hours. Carnexiv should be on the U.S. market by early 2017. Posted: October 2016 Recommended for you View comments More News Resources FDA Medwatch Drug Alerts FDA Drug Safety Labeling Changes Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Drug Shortages Clinical Trial Results Generic Drug Approvals Monthly Update Archive Latest Drug Information Updates Vemlidy Vemlidy (tenofovir alafenamide) is a hepatitis B virus (HBV) nucleoside analog reverse transcriptase... Zinplava Zinplava (bezlotoxumab) is a selective, fully-human, monoclonal antibody that binds to Clostridium difficile... Yosprala Yosprala (aspirin and omeprazole) is a platelet aggregation inhibitor and proton pump inhibitor combination... Troxyca ER Troxyca ER (oxycodone hydrochloride and naltrexone hydrochloride) is an extended-release, abuse-deterrent,... Adlyxin Adlyxin (lixisenatide) is a once-daily prandial glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist indicated... Xiidra Xiidra (lifitegrast) is a lymphocyte function-associated antigen-1 (LFA-1) antagonist indicated for the... More... FDA Consumer Updates Fighting Allergy Season with Medications Medications for High Blood Pressure Irritable Bowel Syndrome Treatments Aren't One-Size-Fits-All Fighting Diabetes' Deadly Impact on Minorities More FDA updates Latest FDA Drug Alerts Skinny Bee Diet by Love My Tru Body: Recall - Undeclared Drug IngredientsNovember 8, 2016 Love My Tru Body is voluntarily recalling all of Skinny Bee Diet 500 mg to the consumer level after FDA laboratory testing found Skinny Bee Diet to... Testosterone and Other Anabolic Androgenic Steroids (AAS): FDA Statement - Risks Associated With Abuse and DependenceOctober 25, 2016 FDA approved class-wide labeling changes for all prescription testosterone products, adding a new Warning and updating the Abuse and Dependence... Direct-Acting Antivirals for Hepatitis C: Drug Safety Communication - Risk of Hepatitis B ReactivatingOctober 4, 2016 The FDA is warning about the risk of hepatitis B virus (HBV) becoming an active infection again in any patient who has a current or previous... Subscribe via RSS Get alerts delivered by email More FDA Alerts Available RSS Feeds Select any link below to view the RSS feed. Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News FDA MedWatch Drug Alerts New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Clinical Trials News Labeling Changes Drugs in the Pipeline Solithera niraparib brigatinib sarilumab Spinraza Macrilen betrixaban Baxdela Xadago SD-809 More... Was this page helpful? Yes No Drugs.com Mobile Apps The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices. Explore Apps Support Help Center Frequent Questions Sitemap Contact Us About About Drugs.com Advertising Policy Content Submissions Drugs.com Blog Terms & Privacy Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Attribution & Citations Connect Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Feed Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published. Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated Nov 1st, 2016), Cerner Multum™ (updated Nov 3rd, 2016), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated Nov 3rd, 2016) and others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy. Third Party Advertising We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here Copyright © 2000-2016 Drugs.com. All rights reserved. Like Tweet +1 Email Hide
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Dividend Stocks to Buy in November These five companies are great stocks for income-hungry dividend investors. Jamal Carnette (TMFJCar) Oct 31, 2016 at 11:59AM Looking for cold hard cash? These five companies are paying big dividends. Image source: Getty Images. It's a poorly kept secret that dividends are a large driver of stock market returns. Over the past 25 years, the S&P 500 index has provided investors with a nearly 450% return. However, if investors would have reinvested dividends, their pre-tax return would be approximately 80% higher at 810%. With that in mind, we asked a few Motley Fool contributors their favorite dividend stocks to buy in November. This dividend is as solid as steel Neha Chamaria: One dividend stock that's caught my attention this month is Nucor Corporation (NYSE:NUE). The steelmaker's recently released third-quarter numbers didn't go down well with the market, as the company missed analyst estimates, but Nucor delivered a solid quarter in reality, with its net income for the first nine months of the year climbing 30% year over year. With that kind of growth in profits, shareholders can safely expect Nucor to dole out higher dividends going forward. In fact, Nucor isn't any other dividend stock. It's a dividend aristocrat that has increased its dividend for 43 straight years and has paid out a dividend for 174 consecutive quarters now. No other company in its industry boasts such an incredible dividend record. Moreover, Nucor wouldn't be maintaining such a streak given the cyclicality of steel business if it weren't financially strong and stable. In fact, Nucor's balance sheet is among the strongest in the industry, with limited debt and ample liquid cash. What's more, the steelmaker generated twice as much free cash flow as net income during the trailing 12 months, which is incredible, as a company pays dividends out of its FCF. So there's every chance Nucor will be able to maintain its streak of dividend increases in the coming years. With Nucor offering a juicy dividend yield of 3.2%, income investors should consider the stock's 13% drop in the past three months an opportunity not to be missed. Microsoft is executing on all levels Evan Niu, CFA: This might sound a little odd given my obvious bias here, but I'm going to go with Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT). The software giant has been firing on all cylinders lately, and much of that is largely thanks to CEO Satya Nadella. For years, investors lacked optimism around the company's future direction, but Nadella genuinely has them excited again, as he has a much clearer strategic vision than his predecessor, Steve Ballmer. We're now seeing Microsoft innovate in hardware in a way that we've quite literally never seen before. At the same time, the core enterprise business is as strong as ever, with Office continuing to crush it on both the consumer and commercial fronts. Microsoft's new Surface Studio shows the company is fully committed to hardware success. Image source: Microsoft. As far as the numbers go, Microsoft's yield is fairly modest at this point. Shares yield approximately 2.5% at current prices, but this yield is being pushed down, since Microsoft is at all-time highs. Shares are now even higher than they were during the 2000 tech bubble. But the big difference between then and now is that the valuation is much more compelling, and cash flow far more sustainable. Sure, there are higher yields out there, even within tech, but I think Microsoft currently presents a compelling combination of reliable income combined with reasonable potential for capital appreciation as long as the company continues to execute under Nadella's leadership. Procter & Gamble may be a boring stock, but it has provided investors exciting returns Jamal Carnette, CFA: The dividend trade has become quite crowded because of historically low interest rates on bonds and other interest-bearing investments. The key is to find a well-run company committed to paying and raising their dividend, and not simply companies that have raised their dividends to take advantage of current investor sentiment. One dividend aristocrat with an amazing dividend history is Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG). The consumer-goods company has paid dividends for 126 consecutive years and has increased its dividend for 60 years straight. In the past 30 years, P&G has kicked its rate of dividend increases into high gear by increasing its per-share payout by 9.8% per year through fiscal 2016, a rate much higher than overall inflation during this timeframe. Currently the company trades at a yield of 3.2%, 70 basis points higher than a current 30-year U.S. Treasury bond. There's a belief among many investors that a "boring" company like P&G will disappoint as valuations are currently stretched among dividend-paying stocks. Additionally, the company's core products (Tide, Pampers, and Charmin) are in the uninspiring fast-moving-consumer-goods space. However, the company has averaged an annual total return of 7.8% over the last 15 years, a full percentage point better than the greater S&P during this period. On a one-year basis, P&G has doubled the index by increasing 12.7%, versus 6%. Still, the company trades at a lower price-to-earnings valuation than the overall S&P index. Shares recently popped on a positive first-quarter report in which the company beat both EPS and revenue estimates while maintaining full-year sales guidance. Procter & Gamble may be considered boring, but its stable of billion-dollar brands should allow the company to continue to pay and raise dividend payments to investors for years to come. Things are looking up for this large-cap drugmaker George Budwell: Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) is arguably one of most compelling Big Pharma to stocks to own right now because of Keytruda's recent approval as a treatment for front-line metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The bottom line is that this single indication has the potential to add around $2.5 billion to Keytruda's annual sales at peak. Moreover, industry experts believe that oncologists will quickly adopt Keytruda as a first-line NSCLC treatment, especially after its main rival, Opdivo, flamed out in late-stage testing for this same indication.   Image source: Merck. That's certainly welcome news for shareholders, especially since Merck's 12-month trailing payout ratio currently stands at a worrisome 100.55%. In other words, Merck's slightly above-average yield for a major drugmaker of approximately 3% should now be safe. Perhaps most importantly, though, Keytruda's breakthrough for this high-value indication should act as a magnet for large institutional investors moving forward, helping to drive its share price higher. Wall Street, after all, places a high premium on franchise-level cancer drugs, and Keytruda is undoubtedly on its way toward becoming a top-selling oncology product in the near future.   Growth and yield? Sign me up Brian Feroldi: It's rare to find a company that offers up a yield of nearly 4.5% that's also poised for long-term growth, but that's exact what Brookfield Infrastructure Partners (NYSE:BIP) offers investors today. This company is a publicly traded limited partnership that owns and operates infrastructure assets all around the world. Currently, the company owns electrical transmission lines, ports, toll roads, pipelines, rail lines, and more. What do all of these assets have in common? They are all one of a kind, are irreplaceable, and require huge amounts of capital to build. That means the company doesn't really have to worry about having a competitor set up shop right next door, which helps make its financial statements highly predictable. In fact, over 90% of its revenue either comes from regulated industries or operates under long-term contracts. Brookfield's stability allows its management team to pass along an ever-growing stream of profits back to investors. Since 2009, the company's distribution has grown by 12% annually, and there are plenty of reasons to expect another payout bump next year. While there are potential tax ramifications that need to be considered before buying shares, I think this is a great stock for income-focused investors to consider buying today. Brian Feroldi has no position in any stocks mentioned. Evan Niu, CFA has no position in any stocks mentioned. George Budwell has no position in any stocks mentioned. Jamal Carnette, CFA has no position in any stocks mentioned. Neha Chamaria has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Brookfield Infrastructure Partners and Nucor. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jamal Carnette (TMFJCar) After working at The Motley Fool, Jamal Carnette decided to try his hand at writing for a change. You can find him writing about technology, consumer goods, sports, and pontificating on any competitive advantage. His previous jobs include Mortgage Trainer, Financial Advisor, and Stockbroker. Jamal graduated from George Mason University with a bachelors of science in finance and is a CFA charterholder. Follow me for tech trends, info on consumer brands, and sports banter. Follow @J_Car_Net Article Info Oct 31, 2016 at 11:59AM Consumer Goods Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.53 down $0.42 (-0.66%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $58.12 down $0.90 (-1.52%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $83.00 down $0.58 (-0.69%) Nucor NYSE:NUE $59.60 up $0.85 (1.45%) Brookfield Infrastructure Partners NYSE:BIP $31.16 down $-1.11 (-3.44%) Read More Forget Altria, These Are the Best Dividend Stocks to Own 3 Stocks You Don't Want to be Short Today Are These Disney and Microsoft Names the Perfect Additions to Netflix Inc's Boardroom? 3 Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy in June 3 of the Worst Product Launches of All Time Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Leisure Home LBoard BN confident of retaining states Robin Augustin Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Report: Cancer to kill 5.5 million women a year by 2030 AFP | November 2, 2016 Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report -- the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. Cancer will kill 5.5 million women — about the population of Denmark — per year by 2030, a near 60-percent increase in less than two decades, a report said Tuesday. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. “Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,”, placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review “highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer,” she told AFP. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report — the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers — breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer — are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors “associated with rapid economic transition,” said Cowal, “such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors” such as postponing motherhood. “Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent,” said the report entitled “The Global Burden of Cancer in Women.” It was presented Tuesday at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 percent of cases and 64 percent of deaths were in less developed countries. “These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population,” said the new report. Regional differences The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. The report said the highest ratio of cancer cases per population group are still reported in high-income countries in Europe, the Americas and Asia, but this was partly due to better access to screening and detection. Deaths, however, were proportionally much higher in low- and middle-income countries with reduced access to diagnosis and treatment. The countries with the highest death rate were Zimbabwe, Malawi, Kenya, Mongolia and Papua New Guinea. Breast and lung cancer are the two most common types in both rich and poor nations, with colorectal cancer the number three killer in developed countries, and cervical cancer in less developed ones. Cervical cancer can be staved off by vaccination against the cancer-causing Human papillomavirus (HPV), and can be easily detected through regular Papanicolaou (pap) test screens. “Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer among women in 140 countries worldwide and cervical cancer is the most common in 39 countries, all of which are LMICs (low- and medium-income countries),” said the report. It said the global economic burden of cancer for both genders was about $286 billion (261 billion euros) in 2009, including costs for treatment and care, and loss of workforce productivity. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story M’sia-China sign historic 14 agreements worth RM144b Guardiola thrilled to beat ‘world’s best’ Barca Explore topics Cancer, special ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News PKR official’s car torched in Malacca New charges for first, second class wards from Jan 1 Ringgit may drop to 4.80 to USD, says CIMB analyst Zuraida beri Jamal Yunos tempoh 48 jam minta maaf Duterte: If Islamic State comes to Philippines, forget human Santiago slams hike in hospital charges Kesan pelantikan Trump terhadap Malaysia Shafie: Warisan will not join opposition in peninsula Rafizi sentenced to 18 months’ jail for leaking 1MDB… Jamal denies accusing cops of assault ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Kesan pelantikan Trump terhadap Malaysia Time for M’sia to re-think its economic framework Understanding Trump’s victory over Clinton M’sians far from being an educated society What’s in a name? Kami dah lelah dengan politik Malaysia More... FMT Bahasa 10 tan abu Al-Quran rosak ketika banjir dilupuskan Shafie: Warisan Sabah tidak akan masuk pakatan dari Semenanjung Duterte akan ketepikan hak asasi manusia untuk lawan IS SPRM tahan bekas CEO GLC dipercayai salah guna kuasa, rasuah Tempoh hingga esok bapa mualaf hadir mahkamah Jabatan keselamatan temui 800 eskalator tak selamat di tempat awam More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  After-hours buzz: AAL, DAL, UAL & more × × × Biotech and Pharmaceuticals Health Care Hospitals Pharma Equipment & Services Health Insurance Health Care IT Modern Medicine Doctors spar over passing a California proposition on drug price relief Rachel Cao | @rachelyicao Tuesday, 1 Nov 2016 | 5:53 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Drug Price Relief Act battle</p> <p>Debating whether California voters should pass Proposition 61, the Drug Price Relief Act, with Scott Gottlieb, physician and American Enterprise Institute Resident Fellow, and Zeke Emanuel, University of Pennsylvania vice provost for global initiatives.</p> Drug Price Relief Act battle    Tuesday, 1 Nov 2016 | 3:27 PM ET | 03:33 Two doctors clashed Tuesday afternoon over their stances on California's Proposition 61, a referendum that would require state agencies to get the same discount on drugs as the Department of Veteran Affairs. The proposition is shaping up to be one of the most expensive ballot initiatives in California history with a record $120 million contributed. A majority of the contributions oppose the vote with Merck, Pfizer and Johnson & Johnson among the biggest donors. Scott Gottlieb, a physician and resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, told CNBC's "Closing Bell" that he opposes the measure because "it is an impractical solution to a real challenge in the market place" and claims that there are "too many aspects of our drug market place that really lack the kind of competition we would expect." Zeke Emanuel, the Vice Provost for Global Initiatives at the University of Pennsylvania, countered those statements saying that the reason "we don't have a lot of competition in many areas is in part because the government is giving the drug companies monopolies through patents, FDA and marketing exclusivity, without regulation of their prices and they are exploiting that monopoly power." The issue has gained traction since Sen. Bernie Sanders, a proponent for the proposition, tweeted earlier, criticizing the pricing of Eli Lilly's Humalog insulin, citing a Washington Post story and blaming "the drug industry's greed." As a result, Eli Lilly shares dipped more than 1.5 percent on Tuesday. However, Emanuel also acknowledged weaknesses in the proposal, but ultimately believed it's crucial that the proposition passes to send a political message to drug companies about their prices. "This proposal linking the state payment to the V.A. is less than optimal, because it leaves off most people who are not in the state programs, and for those who are getting private insurance, the price could rise for them," Emanuel said. "But politically it is important to send the message to the drug companies that their prices are unacceptable." Gottlieb continued his argument for opposing the proposition, saying that the real problem is different prices reported for the market place. "There is a problem with the growing gap between list price and the actual real price in the market place. It is not the insurance company's fault that the list prices are going up, but more consumers are paying the list price because they find themselves underinsured for drugs. They are paying out of pocket," Gottlieb said. "One thing we can do is change rules to allow drug companies to provide discounts up front rather than having to provide discounts in the form of back ended rebates which don't necessarily benefit consumers. That is a failure of the marketplace." While Emanuel didn't agree that the market place would fix the fundamental problem of drug pricing, he agreed that insurance companies are not to blame for the drug prices and emphasized transparency on actual drug prices. "The insurance companies are trying to protect the commons in this case and drug companies are trying to maximize their profits," Emanuel said. "It would be nice to have more transparency into what the actual prices are. The drug companies control that. But they prefer the shadow game so that they can claim the list price is not the real price and play all of these parties off against each other." If the measure passes, state agencies would be required to comply by July 1, 2017. The critical vote for the proposition will occur on Election Day, November 8. Rachel CaoSpecial to CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change MRK --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 lifestyle You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Preventable Cancers Will Kill 5.5 Million Women Each Year By 2030, Review Predicts Medical Daily 11/1/2016 Dana Dovey © B. Boissonnet/Corbis/Getty Images A new survey has predicted that by the year 2030, as many as 5.5 million women worldwide will die each year from largely preventable cancers. In recent years, we’ve make promising strides in the fight against cancer, and have improved both prevention and treatment efforts. We still have a long way to go, and according to a recent report, one group may be more vulnerable to cancer than others: women. According to the review from the American Cancer Society, in collaboration with the pharmaceutical company Merck, as many as 5.5.million women will die from largely preventable cancers each year by 2030. The report, which was presented at the World Cancer Congress in Paris, says these numbers are due in part to growing and aging populations. Breast and lung cancer are the most common cancers occurring in both rich and poor countries. Colorectal cancer is the third biggest killer in developed countries, while cervical cancer is the third biggest killer in less developed countries. The biggest concentration of cancer will occur in Eastern Asia, but the highest death rates will come from more low income countries such as Kenya and Papua New Guinea. Are Self-Breast Exams Necessary? What Women Need to Know The reason behind these increases in cancer is complicated. For example, rapid economic transitions in many developing countries has led to less physical activity, less healthy diets, and postponed motherhood, all factors known to contribute to cancer risk. This has helped to make cancer rates in developing countries mirror those in more developed countries. According to  Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, "most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults," which could put a considerable burden on not only the families they leave behind, but also the economy, The Daily Mail reported. In addition to an emptier workforce, treating and caring for cancer patients is also an economic burden. For example, the global cost to treat and care for cancer patients in 2009 was $286 billion, and this number is expected to rise. Many of these cancer deaths will be preventable via early screenings or even the HPV vaccination. The report may paint a concerning picture, however, education and prevention tools may help stem losses from cancer.  Source: World Cancer Congress in Paris, 2016. Click to expand Replay Video How to make knit hat ornaments Follow these easy steps to create these festive knit hat ornaments, perfect for the holiday season. Woman’s Day Fashion Math: Cashmere sweater ELLE Fashion Math: Black Blazer ELLE Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume 6 Cancer Fighting Superfoods Health See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next How to make knit hat ornaments Woman’s Day 1:05 Fashion Math: Cashmere sweater ELLE 1:01 Fashion Math: Black Blazer ELLE 1:06 Hairstylist has the most amazing styling techniques INSIDER 0:47 How To Get Beachy Waves With A Flatiron SELF 0:41 How to Wear Party Season’s Boldest Makeup Vogue 0:51 Snuggling dog and baby will give you all the feels USA TODAY 0:15 Cutest little copy cat! Viral Clips Daily 0:34 How to create a snake braid SELF 1:00 A Brief History of Beyoncé Slaying Courtside Style ELLE 0:57 Get a handle on scarves with this closet hack Pennygem 0:46 The Ultimate Fat-Burning, Butt-Lifting Workout You Can Do At Home SELF 1:19 Beauty Hacks - A Broken Compact Hack for Messy Girls Allure 0:28 How To Master The Stacked Squares Manicure Instyle 0:56 7 Easy Bathroom Hacks BuzzFeed 1:08 Emma Stone's Best Red Carpet Moments Vanity Fair 1:05 UP NEXT Go to MSN Home More in Medical Men Quit Male Birth Control Study Cosmopolitan How Is Lupus Treated? Health.com What You Need to Know About Auvi-Q, the New Epi-Pen Alternative Health.com Male Birth Control Shots are 96% Effective, Study Finds Health.com No Cure Yet for Breast Cancer, but 3 Big Advances in 2016 The Motley Fool Drug maker thwarted plan to limit OxyContin prescriptions at dawn of opioid epidemic STAT Up Next Researchers Studying Role of Gender in Autism Associated Press AdChoices AdChoices More from Medical Daily Celebrate National Healthy Lunch Day With These 3 Sandwich Recipes Medical Daily Marijuana May Raise The Risk Of Getting 'Broken Heart Syndrome' Medical Daily What Is Actually Happening When We See An Optical Illusion? Medical Daily 6 Cancers Of The Female Reproductive Organs Medical Daily Medical Daily View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Disclaimer About Health
Subscribe Today   Customer Service  P-Edition  Advertise Top Workplaces UnidosSC.com Weather Home News Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Cannifornian Obits Press-Enterprise Rewards CARS JOBS HOMES DEALS Classifieds City NewsPoliticsTopicsEnvironmentEducationAnnouncementsTrafficPhotosBlogs News How Menifee's parks takeover might hit snag News Krispy Kreme is coming to Menifee on Nov. 15 News Should Riverside fireworks scofflaws pay bigger fines? News Obama's action allowed them to work here legally. With Trump, they fear deportation News Why Banning incumbents are pitted against each other Thanks to new City Council voting districts, two sitting councilmen are battling for District 3. Tweet    Riverside Yellow Pages THINGS TO DO     By GAIL WESSON / STAFF WRITER Published: Nov. 1, 2016 Updated: Nov. 3, 2016 8:44 a.m. Why Banning incumbents are pitted against each other Print Photo Share Pin It 1 of 2 More Galleries     Ed Miller GAIL WESSON, STAFF PHOTO Related article » BANNING CITY COUNCIL CANDIDATES District 3 Ed Miller Age: 84 Family: Married 60 years Occupation: Retired. Professor of materials engineering, New York University, professor of mechanical engineering at Cal State University, Long Beach. Consultant in failure analysis, energy conversion materials, bio-materials, corrosion control. Education: Bachelor's in chemical engineering from the College of the City of New York, master's in metallurgical engineering form New York University and doctorate in engineering science. Interesting fact: I played Bobby Fischer a game of chess at the Manhattan chess club when he was 12 (and lost of course,) but he had to work at it. What is the most important issue facing your district?: Low utility rates and safe drinking water are a major concern of District 3 and all of Banning. I am working to assure that the current residents do not pay for improvements in our electric and water systems that future developments will need, but are not necessary now. What sets you apart from other candidates seeking this office?: I have a doctorate in engineering science, and have the background and experience to analyze complex documents, and have demonstrated that significant cost savings can be obtained by studying all proposals brought before the council, rather than simply rubber stamping approval. Art Welch Age: 78 Family: Married 56 years, three adult children, seven grand children and two great grandsons Occupation: Retired as executive district manager for Merck & Co. after 36 years in pharmaceuticals industry. Current legislative aide for state Sen. Mike Morrell, R-Rancho Cucamonga, similar work for other state legislators. Education: Bachelor's in business administration with an emphasis in marketing from Southeast Missouri State University, Cape Girardeau. Interesting fact: Since my retirement one of the most interesting activities I was involved in was co-managing the walking marshals with Jack Sidwell for the Bob Hope tournament for 15 years. I was the chauffeur for Mr. & Mrs. Hope, President Gerald Ford and Arnold Palmer. I also met many other celebrities. What is the most important issue facing your district?: Traffic, public safety and mobile home issues. I voted for the Rancho San Gorgonio project which will provide the funding for the extension of Sun Lakes Boulevard through to Sunset Avenue and help reduce traffic congestion on Highland Springs Avenue. I will continue to find ways to strengthen our police department and insure proper life-saving response times from our paramedics. I have experience dealing with mobile parks issues at the state level. What sets you apart from other candidates seeking this office?: My involvement in Banning. I have been involved in activities that impact Banning's future. I served on Sun Lakes Master Board of Directors for four years, on the Banning council 2003-2006 and 2013-2016, district representative for Assemblyman Paul Cook for six years and representative for state senators Bill Emmerson and Mike Morrell for four years. Other service includes League of California Cities city representative, Riverside Transportation Agency, city representative and second chair. I believe it is important to work with other government agencies beyond the city limits. There are major resources available to help us achieve our goals. In Banning, voters will choose a council member for the first time to represent a specific geographic area after residents filed a lawsuit stating Latino voters were underrepresented on the elected body in the city. With the new boundaries set by the council earlier this year, incumbent council members Ed Miller and Art Welch, who both live in the age-restricted Sun Lakes community, will face off for the District 3 seat. Miler was elected to the council in 2012 and Welch served on the council from 2003 to 2006, and was again elected in 2012. Only one candidate filed in each of the other two new districts up for election, so Daniela Andrade in District 1, in central Banning, and incumbent councilman Don Peterson in District 2, which covers most of the southern portion of the city, will be appointed to those seats. Council terms are four years. Currently, the council members may live anywhere in the city and are voted on by the entire population. With districts, members live in specific areas and are elected only by the voters in their area. Contact the writer: 951-368-9075 or gwesson@scng.com Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off More from The Pass 2 arrested after woman critically wounded by gunfire 8 questions with comedian Gabriel Iglesias Firefighters confine fire to garage of home in Cabazon (UPDATE) COMMENTS | PRINT | EMAIL |    Join the conversation Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our User Agreement We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Photos Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © 2016 The Press-Enterprise & Digital First Media. All Rights Reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Map

Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search DNAtrix Announces First Patients Treated in Phase 2 Trial with DNX-2401 and KEYTRUDA News provided by DNAtrix Nov 01, 2016, 16:00 ET Share this article HOUSTON, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- DNAtrix, a clinical stage biotechnology company developing virus-driven immunotherapies for cancer, announced that the first patients have been treated in a multicenter Phase 2 trial investigating its oncolytic adenovirus, DNX-2401, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), Merck's anti-PD-1 therapy, in patients with recurrent glioblastoma. The CAPTIVE trial is evaluating the potential effect of DNX-2401 and KEYTRUDA in patients with recurrent glioblastoma, a disease for which there is neither a cure nor adequate treatment. Leading medical centers in the United States and Canada are participating. DNX-2401 is a potent conditionally replicative oncolytic adenovirus that targets and kills cancer cells, while leaving normal cells intact. Multiple clinical studies have shown that DNX-2401 has a favorable safety profile, strong tumor-killing potential and can trigger an antitumor immune response. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 (programmed death receptor-1) and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2.  This activity enhances the T cell response and leads to effective tumor destruction. KEYTRUDA is currently approved in the United States for advanced melanoma, metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and advanced head and neck squamous cell cancer (HNSCC). "Glioblastoma is a difficult disease to treat with conventional therapies," said Frank Tufaro, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of DNAtrix. "Based on remarkable preclinical data, we anticipate that the addition of KEYTRUDA to DNX-2401 therapy will provide even more benefit to patients with recurrent disease." For more information about the CAPTIVE trial, visit the website ClinicalTrials.gov and search for the identifier NCT02798406. About DNX-2401 DNX-2401 is an investigational oncolytic immunotherapy designed to treat cancer, with glioblastoma as the initial indication. Glioblastoma is the most aggressive form of brain cancer, which has a median survival of 15 months following a patient's initial diagnosis. DNX-2401 sets off a chain reaction of tumor cell killing by selectively replicating within glioblastoma cells (but not normal cells), causing tumor destruction and further spread of the oncolytic virus to adjacent tumor cells. This process can also trigger an anti-tumor immune response. DNX-2401 is currently being investigated in several clinical studies and has been well tolerated in all settings. Compelling results from clinical studies in recurrent glioblastoma indicate that DNX-2401 can (1) replicate in human brain tumors for a period of weeks to months, (2) trigger immune cell infiltration into the tumor, (3) cause ongoing tumor destruction and (4) induce durable responses to therapy. In these studies, patient survival has been prolonged, including in those achieving a complete response. About DNAtrix DNAtrix is a privately held, clinical stage, biotechnology company developing virus-driven immunotherapies for cancer. DNAtrix's lead product, DNX-2401, is a conditionally replicative oncolytic virus being studied in clinical trials for recurrent glioblastoma, a brain cancer for which there is neither a cure nor adequate treatment. The company is backed by Morningside Ventures and Mercury Fund, and has been awarded a grant from the Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas (CPRIT). For more information, please visit the company website at www.DNAtrix.com. Contact:                DNAtrix Imran Alibhai, Ph.D. SVP Business Development ialibhai@dnatrix.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dnatrix-announces-first-patients-treated-in-phase-2-trial-with-dnx-2401-and-keytruda-300355304.html SOURCE DNAtrix Related Links http://www.DNAtrix.com Nov 08, 2016, 16:00 ET Preview: DNAtrix Licenses Myxoma Virus for New Immunotherapy Platform Aug 04, 2016, 08:00 ET Preview: DNAtrix Awarded FDA Orphan Products Development Grant for DNX-2401 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 08, 2016, 16:00 ETDNAtrix Licenses Myxoma Virus for New Immunotherapy Platform Aug 04, 2016, 08:00 ETDNAtrix Awarded FDA Orphan Products Development Grant for DNX-2401 Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries You just read: DNAtrix Announces First Patients Treated in Phase 2 Trial with DNX-2401 and KEYTRUDA News provided by DNAtrix Nov 01, 2016, 16:00 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science SHOWBIZ Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Pics Video And More HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO 290 US votes for trump 232 NewsTrump's JourneyHillary Accepts DefeatResult AnalysisWorld ViewHistoryAstroPics News » Health 5.5 million women per year will lose their life to cancer by 2030, says report Last Updated: Wednesday, November 2, 2016 - 00:42 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment (Image for representational purposes only) Follow @ZeeNews Zee Media Bureau Paris: By the year 2030, cancer will claim the lives of 5.5 million women per year, a report has said, a near 60-per cent increase in less than two decades. This is approximately the population of Denmark. Citing growth and ageing of global population as the reason, the report also said that the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review "highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer," she told AFP. Cancer is one of the major causes of deaths around the world and is already killing one in seven women around the world. All four of the deadliest cancers - breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer - are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." It was presented today at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. (With Agency inputs) First Published: Wednesday, November 2, 2016 - 00:42 More from zeenews   India Attack on Hindus: Bangladesh announces bounty for nabbing attackers Foreign media hails PM Modi's bold currency move, compares him with Singapore's Lee Kuan Yew Demonetisation: Hospitals reaching out to patients More from India World EU backs defence plan after Donald Trump win fuelled fears Russia warplane crashes into Mediterranean: Officials Palestinians condemn Israel bill to legalise settler homes More from World Sports Sachin Tendulkar welcomes DRS with open arms, says it's positive step for India WATCH: Virat Kohli drops off lady love Anushka Sharma at Rajkot airport Epic mess-up: Bangladesh newspaper uses Kevin Pietersen​'s photo in Alviro’s match-fixing story More from Sports Entertainment Brad Pitt back in China after 20 years for his movie 'Allied' Anu Malik hails PM Narendra Modi's demonetisation move Alia Bhatt shares her childhood stories with young fans on Children's Day! More from Entertaiment Health Protein drives inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis patients Overweight kids in Delhi-NCR are more prone to diabetes: ASSOCHAM study Keep a check on diabetes to avoid visual impairments More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Demonetisation: Poor people sleeping in ease; corrupt troubled, says PM Modi Zee Media Exclusive: What do people think of PM Modi's demonetisation move? Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money - Part II EXPLAINED: How Rs 2000 note will curb black money - Gujarat CA's open letter to Arvind Kejriwal breaks internet - MUST READ 'Sonam Gupta Bewafa Hai': Who is this girl and why is she trending after demonetisation move Dip your new Rs 2,000 note in water for 30 minutes and see the result - Amazing video Did this Indian businessman just surrender Rs 6,000 crore? DISTURBING VIDEO: Man dies of heart attack while talking to family - Weak-hearted people SHOULDN'T WATCH Related News Cristiano Ronaldo shows solidarity with Portuguese striker Edu Ferreira fighting cancer Val Kilmer makes first public appearance since denying cancer Vitamin D may lower mortality in one-third breast cancer patients Breast cancer: Six lifestyle tips women should follow to reduce their risk! Weight loss can make cancer immunotherapies ineffective TAGS Cancer Women with cancer American Cancer Society Merck World Cancer Congress Sally Cowal Top Videos DNA: Singapore media appreciates PM Modi's demonetisation move Has govt's demonetisation move shut down the vote bank business? Demonetisation: Poor people sleeping in ease; corrupt troubled, says PM Modi PM Modi hits out at black money holders again while addressing rally in Ghazipur contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Red Hot Reviews Movies Glam Talk Bookworm Recipes TV Celebrity Romance Pics Videos And More Exclusive Blogs sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Malayalam Kerala Districts India World Sports Movies Health NRI Photos Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse #BlackMoney News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News EPFO issues guidelines to settle death claims in 7 days Golden Jubilee Celebrations of District Courts, Chandigarh Business Standard Cancer to kill 5.5 mn women a year by 2030: report AFP  |  Paris  November 1, 2016 Last Updated at 20:07 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJ6joo Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Jayaram, Prannoy win at Denmark Open Denmark moves to rein in 'hate preachers' Kashyap loses in qualifiers of Denmark Open Denmark pays for Panama Papers data on own citizens To fight tax dodging, Denmark will buy leaked Panama Papers Cancer will kill 5.5 million women - about the population of Denmark - per year by 2030, a near 60-per cent increase in less than two decades, a report said today. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review "highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer," she told AFP. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report - the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers - breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer - are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." It was presented today at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 per cent of cases and 64 per cent of deaths were in less developed countries. "These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population," said the new report. The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Cancer | Denmark PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online Cancer to kill 5.5 mn women a year by 2030: report Cancer will kill 5.5 million women - about the population of Denmark - per year by 2030, a near 60-per cent increase in less than two decades, a report said today. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review "highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer," she told AFP. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report - the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers - breast, ... Cancer will kill 5.5 million women - about the population of Denmark - per year by 2030, a near 60-per cent increase in less than two decades, a report said today. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review "highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer," she told AFP. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report - the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers - breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer - are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." It was presented today at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 per cent of cases and 64 per cent of deaths were in less developed countries. "These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population," said the new report. The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Cancer to kill 5.5 mn women a year by 2030: report Cancer will kill 5.5 million women - about the population of Denmark - per year by 2030, a near 60-per cent increase in less than two decades, a report said today. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review "highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer," she told AFP. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report - the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers - breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer - are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." It was presented today at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 per cent of cases and 64 per cent of deaths were in less developed countries. "These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population," said the new report. The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Press Esc to close Tuesday 15 November 2016 News updated at 2:54 AM IST Archives Weather Max: 30.9°C Min : 20.2°C In Bengaluru Partially cloudy  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    Brave boy regrets his failure to save one more life      Take urgent steps to introduce Rs 500 notes, CM writes to Centre      Banks mock new note swap limit, say yet to get fiat      Transport utilities accept scrapped notes but small change a big pain      Traders, small eateries hit most by currency scrap      Four suspected Maoists surrender in Chikkamagaluru      Siddaramaiah defends Sait over porngate      Kashmir sees sharp decline in stone-pelting cases      Few thrills in first Test      Demonetisation ended terror-funding, stone-pelting: Parrikar      Sebi ups scrutiny amid Tata-Mistry feud      BTI Payments works overtime to take on demonetisation challenges      India and US launch USD 95 mln clean energy projects      No unanimous support to Mistry from Tata Motors' ind directors      Charges on ATM transactions waived till Dec 30      Indian-origin boy commits suicide after being bullied in UK school      4 lakh trucks stranded on highways post note ban: AIMTC      Smoke in cockpit of Dreamliner B787 plane      US teacher suspended for comparing Trump to Hitler      SC to hear pleas on demonetisation of Rs 1,000 and 500 notes      Stalin raises doubts over statement of Jaya      Pak summons envoy after 7 soldiers killed in firing      Cong, 7 oppn parties meet to formulate joint strategy      China cautiously backs India-Japan nuclear deal      Note ban has led to 'financial chaos', say bank unions      Govt sets up task force to expedite recalibration of ATMs      Bank closure on public holiday escalates 6-day cash crisis      Mamata criticises PM over demonitisation remarks      National Herald stages comeback with digital version      Class XII board exams begin peacefully in Kashmir      No toll charges on National Highways till Nov 18 midnight      7 Pak soldiers killed at LoC; Sharif warns against aggression      Modi, opposition battle it out over demonetisation      Enough cash available, efforts on to augment note supplies: Das     You are here: Home » Lifestyle » Cancer to kill 5.5 mn women a year by 2030: report Cancer to kill 5.5 mn women a year by 2030: report Paris, Nov 1, 2016, AFP Cancer will kill 5.5 million women - about the population of Denmark - per year by 2030, a near 60-per cent increase in less than two decades, a report said today. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. "Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,", placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review "highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer," she told AFP. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report - the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers - breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer - are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors "associated with rapid economic transition," said Cowal, "such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors" such as postponing motherhood. "Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent," said the report entitled "The Global Burden of Cancer in Women." It was presented today at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 per cent of cases and 64 per cent of deaths were in less developed countries. "These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population," said the new report. The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. Go to Top Tweet Videos Floral tributes paid to Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru... Nation Celebrates Guru Nanak Jayanti 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers People talk: cash rush Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most Popular Stories now Commented Emailed Viewed Rs 1000 and Rs 500 notes will not be legal tender, says PM Will carry on fight against black money: PM Modi Demonetisation a scam, select few informed earlier: Kejriwal Note ban has led to 'financial chaos', say bank unions Demonetisation: PM takes on Opposition, says the poor are with him Modi hits out at Congress on opposition to demonetisation Thousands take to streets across US to protest Trump victory The matchmakers Trump's victory may deter intl students coming to US: Experts Blood test may identify alcohol disorders in foetus: study Aerobic exercise may improve artery health in diabetics More women sexually active even after 70: study Banks closed today; queues get longer at ATMs So subterranean Modi, opposition battle it out over demonetisation Note ban has led to 'financial chaos', say bank unions Melania to be 1st foreign-born US First Lady since 1820s Pak summons envoy after 7 soldiers killed in firing Trump asks people to stop harassment of Muslims, Latinos Bank closure on public holiday escalates 6-day cash crisis PM Modi holds meeting with senior ministers on demonetisation Photo Gallery The 'super moon' rises over Construction building in Bengaluru... Full moon is seen at Cubban Park in Bangalore... The full moon or Supermoon appears red above the sky in Kolkata on Monday evening... The supermoon will be the closest to Earth in Bengaluru on Monday... The 'supermoon', the closest the moon comes to Earth since 1948, rises over La Raza monument... Bollywood actors Anil Kapoor and Mukesh Khanna with Singer Ila Arun at the National Children... Offerings are pictured inside a Gurudwara or a Sikh temple on the occasion of the 547th birth... Foreign tourists take photos of an elephant during an animal fair in Sonepur... A truck rams into the railing of a Gandhi Setu bridge over Ganga river in Patna... Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah paying homage to Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru on his 127th... more About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
null
null
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release OncoSec to Present at Scientific and Investment Conferences and to Host Inaugural Investor and Analyst Day in November By Published: Nov 1, 2016 6:01 a.m. ET Share SAN DIEGO, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- OncoSec Medical Incorporated ("OncoSec") ONCS, +0.64% a company developing DNA-based intratumoral cancer immunotherapies, announced today that members of its leadership team will be making presentations at two high-profile events in November: 31st Annual Meeting & Associated Programs of the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer ("SITC") and the Stifel Nicolaus Weisel Healthcare Conference 2016. 31st Annual Meeting of the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC)Dr. Alain Algazi, Clinical Instructor, Department of Medicine (Hematology/Oncology) at the University of California San Francisco (UCSF), will present an oral poster presentation for Abstract #466 on November 11, 2016 at 12:50 PM (EST) in National Harbor, MD. The title of the poster is "Phase II Study of Intratumoral Plasmid Interleukin 12 (pIL-12) with Electroporation in Combination with Pembrolizumab in Stage III/IV Melanoma Patients with Low Tumor Infiltrating Lymphocytes." The SITC conference brings together leading scientists, academicians, researchers, clinicians, government representatives, and industry leaders from around the world that are dedicated to improving cancer patient outcomes by advancing the science and application of cancer immunotherapy.  For more information, please visit: http://www.sitcancer.org/2016. Dr. Algazi, the Principal Investigator for the Phase II Investigator Sponsored Trial (IST) led by UCSF, will be presenting new clinical data from patients treated with a combination of OncoSec's investigational intratumoral therapy, ImmunoPulse [®]  IL-12, and Merck's KEYTRUDA [®]  (pembrolizumab). Patients who had unresectable metastatic melanoma and were assessed as unlikely to respond to anti-PD1 monotherapy, were selected to participate in the Investigator Sponsored Trial (IST). This oral poster presentation will provide an interim update of 15 treated patients. Further details on this SITC oral poster presentation will be provided in upcoming Company communications. Stifel Nicolaus Weisel Healthcare Conference 2016  OncoSec's CEO, Mr. Punit Dhillon, will present a corporate overview at the Stifel Conference on November 15, 2016, at 11:00 AM EST, in New York City.  This conference provides a forum for institutional investors to connect with senior management and industry experts, and serves as a showcase for dynamic emerging companies in the healthcare industry. For more information, please visit: http://www.stifel.com/institutional/ConferenceAndEvents. To view the live webcast, please use the following link: http://wsw.com/webcast/stifel5/oncs. An archived version of the webcast will be available for 90 days on OncoSec's website: http://www.oncosec.com. OncoSec Investor & Analyst Day In addition, OncoSec recently announced that it will be hosting its inaugural Investor & Analyst Day in San Diego, on November 17, 2016. The event will be webcast live beginning at 8:00 AM PST. The live webcast can be accessed at: http://edge.media-server.com/m/p/i6ug66hu, and will be available for replay on the Company website. This event will provide a forum for the Company to share updates on its clinical development plan for melanoma, advancement of its intratumoral immunotherapy pipeline of DNA-based product candidates, and next generation device development. For more information, please visit: http://ir.oncosec.com/press-releases/detail/1883/oncosec-to-host-investor-analyst-day-on-november-17-2016 About OncoSec Medical IncorporatedOncoSec is a biotechnology company developing DNA-based intratumoral immunotherapies with an investigational technology, ImmunoPulse®, for the treatment of cancer.  ImmunoPulse® is designed to enhance the local delivery and uptake of DNA-based immune-targeting agents, such as IL-12. In Phase I and II clinical trials, ImmunoPulse® IL-12 has demonstrated a favorable safety profile and evidence of anti-tumor activity in the treatment of various solid tumors as well as the potential to initiate a systemic immune response. OncoSec's lead program, ImmunoPulse® IL-12, is currently in clinical development for several indications, including metastatic melanoma, head and neck cancer, and triple-negative breast cancer. The program's current focus is on the significant unmet medical need in patients with melanoma who are refractory or non-responsive to anti-PD-1/PD-L1 therapies. In addition to ImmunoPulse® IL-12, the Company is also identifying and developing new immune-targeting agents for use with the ImmunoPulse® platform. For more information, please visit www.oncosec.com. CONTACT:Sophia Ononye, PhD MPH MBA Associate Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications OncoSec Medical Incorporated 855-662-6732 media@oncosec.com   Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120905/LA68078LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/oncosec-to-present-at-scientific-and-investment-conferences-and-to-host-inaugural-investor-and-analyst-day-in-november-300354589.html SOURCE OncoSec Medical Incorporated Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found OncoSec Medical Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ONCS $1.57 +0.01 (+0.64%) Volume 144.4K Open $1.56 High $1.64 Low $1.53 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 29.9M LatestNews
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Dividend Stocks to Buy in November These five companies are great stocks for income-hungry dividend investors. Jamal Carnette (TMFJCar) Oct 31, 2016 at 11:59AM Looking for cold hard cash? These five companies are paying big dividends. Image source: Getty Images. It's a poorly kept secret that dividends are a large driver of stock market returns. Over the past 25 years, the S&P 500 index has provided investors with a nearly 450% return. However, if investors would have reinvested dividends, their pre-tax return would be approximately 80% higher at 810%. With that in mind, we asked a few Motley Fool contributors their favorite dividend stocks to buy in November. This dividend is as solid as steel Neha Chamaria: One dividend stock that's caught my attention this month is Nucor Corporation (NYSE:NUE). The steelmaker's recently released third-quarter numbers didn't go down well with the market, as the company missed analyst estimates, but Nucor delivered a solid quarter in reality, with its net income for the first nine months of the year climbing 30% year over year. With that kind of growth in profits, shareholders can safely expect Nucor to dole out higher dividends going forward. In fact, Nucor isn't any other dividend stock. It's a dividend aristocrat that has increased its dividend for 43 straight years and has paid out a dividend for 174 consecutive quarters now. No other company in its industry boasts such an incredible dividend record. Moreover, Nucor wouldn't be maintaining such a streak given the cyclicality of steel business if it weren't financially strong and stable. In fact, Nucor's balance sheet is among the strongest in the industry, with limited debt and ample liquid cash. What's more, the steelmaker generated twice as much free cash flow as net income during the trailing 12 months, which is incredible, as a company pays dividends out of its FCF. So there's every chance Nucor will be able to maintain its streak of dividend increases in the coming years. With Nucor offering a juicy dividend yield of 3.2%, income investors should consider the stock's 13% drop in the past three months an opportunity not to be missed. Microsoft is executing on all levels Evan Niu, CFA: This might sound a little odd given my obvious bias here, but I'm going to go with Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT). The software giant has been firing on all cylinders lately, and much of that is largely thanks to CEO Satya Nadella. For years, investors lacked optimism around the company's future direction, but Nadella genuinely has them excited again, as he has a much clearer strategic vision than his predecessor, Steve Ballmer. We're now seeing Microsoft innovate in hardware in a way that we've quite literally never seen before. At the same time, the core enterprise business is as strong as ever, with Office continuing to crush it on both the consumer and commercial fronts. Microsoft's new Surface Studio shows the company is fully committed to hardware success. Image source: Microsoft. As far as the numbers go, Microsoft's yield is fairly modest at this point. Shares yield approximately 2.5% at current prices, but this yield is being pushed down, since Microsoft is at all-time highs. Shares are now even higher than they were during the 2000 tech bubble. But the big difference between then and now is that the valuation is much more compelling, and cash flow far more sustainable. Sure, there are higher yields out there, even within tech, but I think Microsoft currently presents a compelling combination of reliable income combined with reasonable potential for capital appreciation as long as the company continues to execute under Nadella's leadership. Procter & Gamble may be a boring stock, but it has provided investors exciting returns Jamal Carnette, CFA: The dividend trade has become quite crowded because of historically low interest rates on bonds and other interest-bearing investments. The key is to find a well-run company committed to paying and raising their dividend, and not simply companies that have raised their dividends to take advantage of current investor sentiment. One dividend aristocrat with an amazing dividend history is Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG). The consumer-goods company has paid dividends for 126 consecutive years and has increased its dividend for 60 years straight. In the past 30 years, P&G has kicked its rate of dividend increases into high gear by increasing its per-share payout by 9.8% per year through fiscal 2016, a rate much higher than overall inflation during this timeframe. Currently the company trades at a yield of 3.2%, 70 basis points higher than a current 30-year U.S. Treasury bond. There's a belief among many investors that a "boring" company like P&G will disappoint as valuations are currently stretched among dividend-paying stocks. Additionally, the company's core products (Tide, Pampers, and Charmin) are in the uninspiring fast-moving-consumer-goods space. However, the company has averaged an annual total return of 7.8% over the last 15 years, a full percentage point better than the greater S&P during this period. On a one-year basis, P&G has doubled the index by increasing 12.7%, versus 6%. Still, the company trades at a lower price-to-earnings valuation than the overall S&P index. Shares recently popped on a positive first-quarter report in which the company beat both EPS and revenue estimates while maintaining full-year sales guidance. Procter & Gamble may be considered boring, but its stable of billion-dollar brands should allow the company to continue to pay and raise dividend payments to investors for years to come. Things are looking up for this large-cap drugmaker George Budwell: Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) is arguably one of most compelling Big Pharma to stocks to own right now because of Keytruda's recent approval as a treatment for front-line metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The bottom line is that this single indication has the potential to add around $2.5 billion to Keytruda's annual sales at peak. Moreover, industry experts believe that oncologists will quickly adopt Keytruda as a first-line NSCLC treatment, especially after its main rival, Opdivo, flamed out in late-stage testing for this same indication.   Image source: Merck. That's certainly welcome news for shareholders, especially since Merck's 12-month trailing payout ratio currently stands at a worrisome 100.55%. In other words, Merck's slightly above-average yield for a major drugmaker of approximately 3% should now be safe. Perhaps most importantly, though, Keytruda's breakthrough for this high-value indication should act as a magnet for large institutional investors moving forward, helping to drive its share price higher. Wall Street, after all, places a high premium on franchise-level cancer drugs, and Keytruda is undoubtedly on its way toward becoming a top-selling oncology product in the near future.   Growth and yield? Sign me up Brian Feroldi: It's rare to find a company that offers up a yield of nearly 4.5% that's also poised for long-term growth, but that's exact what Brookfield Infrastructure Partners (NYSE:BIP) offers investors today. This company is a publicly traded limited partnership that owns and operates infrastructure assets all around the world. Currently, the company owns electrical transmission lines, ports, toll roads, pipelines, rail lines, and more. What do all of these assets have in common? They are all one of a kind, are irreplaceable, and require huge amounts of capital to build. That means the company doesn't really have to worry about having a competitor set up shop right next door, which helps make its financial statements highly predictable. In fact, over 90% of its revenue either comes from regulated industries or operates under long-term contracts. Brookfield's stability allows its management team to pass along an ever-growing stream of profits back to investors. Since 2009, the company's distribution has grown by 12% annually, and there are plenty of reasons to expect another payout bump next year. While there are potential tax ramifications that need to be considered before buying shares, I think this is a great stock for income-focused investors to consider buying today. Brian Feroldi has no position in any stocks mentioned. Evan Niu, CFA has no position in any stocks mentioned. George Budwell has no position in any stocks mentioned. Jamal Carnette, CFA has no position in any stocks mentioned. Neha Chamaria has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Brookfield Infrastructure Partners and Nucor. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jamal Carnette (TMFJCar) After working at The Motley Fool, Jamal Carnette decided to try his hand at writing for a change. You can find him writing about technology, consumer goods, sports, and pontificating on any competitive advantage. His previous jobs include Mortgage Trainer, Financial Advisor, and Stockbroker. Jamal graduated from George Mason University with a bachelors of science in finance and is a CFA charterholder. Follow me for tech trends, info on consumer brands, and sports banter. Follow @J_Car_Net Article Info Oct 31, 2016 at 11:59AM Consumer Goods Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.53 down $0.42 (-0.66%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $58.12 down $0.90 (-1.52%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $83.00 down $0.58 (-0.69%) Nucor NYSE:NUE $59.60 up $0.85 (1.45%) Brookfield Infrastructure Partners NYSE:BIP $31.16 down $-1.11 (-3.44%) Read More Forget Altria, These Are the Best Dividend Stocks to Own 3 Stocks You Don't Want to be Short Today Are These Disney and Microsoft Names the Perfect Additions to Netflix Inc's Boardroom? 3 Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy in June 3 of the Worst Product Launches of All Time Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Postherpetic Neuralgia Pipeline Landscape and Therapeutics under development Market Review H2 2016 By Published: Oct 30, 2016 11:00 p.m. ET Share PUNE, India, October 31, 2016 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- PUNE, India, October 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ReportsnReports.com adds "Postherpetic Neuralgia - Pipeline Review, H2 2016" to its store providing an overview of the Postherpetic Neuralgia's therapeutic pipeline with comprehensive information on the therapeutic development for Postherpetic Neuralgia, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type, along with latest updates, and featured news and press releases. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Postherpetic Neuralgia and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. Complete report on H2 2016 pipeline review of Postherpetic Neuralgia with 32 market data tables and 15 figures, spread across 98 pages is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/729116-postherpetic-neuralgia-pipeline-review-h2-2016.html. Postherpetic neuralgia is a complication of shingles, which is caused by the chickenpox (herpes zoster) virus. Signs and symptoms may include pain, sensitivity to light touch, itching and numbness and weakness or paralysis. The predisposing factors include age, people with HIV and Hodgkin's lymphoma. Treatment includes anticonvulsants, antidepressants and opioid painkillers. Postherpetic Neuralgia pipeline therapeutics constitutes close to 23 molecules. which approximately 23 molecules are developed by Companies. The molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical and Discovery stages are 1, 4, 7, 3, 7 and 1 respectively. The report outlays comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Postherpetic Neuralgia, complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. It also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Postherpetic Neuralgia and features dormant and discontinued projects. The report is built using data and information sourced from proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Companies discussed in this Postherpetic Neuralgia Pipeline Review, H2 2016 report include Aestus Therapeutics, Inc., ContraVir Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Daewoong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited, Immune Pharmaceuticals Inc., Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine Co., Ltd., KPI Therapeutics, Inc., Lpath, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Patagonia Pharmaceuticals, LLC, Pfizer Inc., Phosphagenics Limited, Relmada Therapeutics, Inc., Scilex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. and Toray Industries, Inc. Order a copy of this report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=729116. Drug Profiles mentioned in this research report are (amitriptyline + ketamine hydrochloride), (clonidine hydrochloride + naltrexone hydrochloride), ATX-08001, bupivacaine hydrochloride, C-746, DWP-05195, funapide, FV-100, ketoprofen, lidocaine hydrochloride, lidocaine hydrochloride patch, Lpathomab, mepivacaine hydrochloride, mirogabalin besylate, MK-8291, naltrexone hydrochloride, PATN-02, pregabalin CR, pregabalin SR, REL-1017, TRK-700, U-2902 and zucapsaicin. The report helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. Another newly published market research report titled on Pulmonary Fibrosis - Pipeline Review, H2 2016 provides comprehensive information on the therapeutic development for Pulmonary Fibrosis, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type, along with latest updates, and featured news and press releases. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Pulmonary Fibrosis and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. It strengthens R&D pipelines by identifying new targets and MOAs to produce first-in-class and best-in-class products. Companies Involved in Therapeutics Development are AdAlta Pty Ltd., Advinus Therapeutics Ltd, Aeolus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Afferent Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Angion Biomedica Corp., Apellis Pharmaceuticals Inc, Asahi Kasei Pharma Corp., aTyr Pharma, Inc., Biogen Inc, Bioneer Corporation, BiOrion Technologies B.V., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Celgene Corporation, Chrysalis Pharma SAS, Clanotech AB, Compugen Ltd., Cynata Therapeutics Limited, Diffusion Pharmaceuticals Inc., Digna Biotech, S.L., Elsalys Biotech SAS, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., FibroGen, Inc., FibroStatin SL, Galapagos NV, Galectin Therapeutics, Inc., GenKyoTex S.A., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc., GNI Group Ltd., HEC Pharm Co., Ltd., Yuhan Corporation etc. Pulmonary Fibrosis Pipeline market research report of 377 pages is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/729115-pulmonary-fibrosis-pipeline-review-h2-2016.html. Explore more reports on Pharmaceuticals. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 100+ leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. Contact:Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole, Next to Inox theatre, Bund garden road Pune-411001 Maharashtra, India Tel: +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsnreports.com Connect With Us on: Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ReportsnReports/ LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports Twitter: https: //twitter.com/marketsreports G+ / Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/111656568937629536321/posts RSS/Feeds: http: //http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null
Science BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The idea that 'good' cholesterol helps your heart might be all wrong Damian Garde, STAT Nov. 1, 2016, 3:14 PM 3,228 facebook linkedin twitter email print Shutterstock "Good" cholesterol might be in for a name change. Raising HDL, widely known as good cholesterol, for years has been thought to protect against heart attack and stroke. But a big new study published Monday found little evidence it does. The finding upends the advice doctors have been giving millions of patients — and helps explain why the drug industry has failed time and again, despite billions in investment, to develop a drug that cuts deaths from heart disease by boosting HDL levels. "When you explain [cholesterol levels] to patients, it's very easy to say one number's bad and the other number's good," said Dr. Dennis Ko, a cardiologist at Canada's Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences and lead author of the study. But it turns out that HDL is associated with poor health generally and does not seem to affect cardiovascular risk. In the study, Ko and his colleagues looked at years of data from about 630,000 people in Ontario, sorting their HDL scores from low to high. Those with basement-level HDL were more likely to die of cardiovascular complications, but the risk did not drop steadily as good cholesterol levels rose. Instead, it dipped, then hit a plateau; people with HDL of about 40mg/dL had roughly the same risk as those with about 80 mg/dL. And death risks actually increased for those with extremely high levels of good cholesterol. Further muddying the picture, people in the low-HDL group were also more likely to die of diseases unrelated to the heart. And they had lower incomes, higher body weights, and poorer diets than others in the study, all of which correlate with increased mortality on their own. "Bad" versus "good" cholesterol HDL has been thought to lower cardiovascular risk by cleansing the bloodstream of "bad" cholesterol and scrubbing the inner walls of blood vessels, so your levels of HDL were thought to predict your risk of heart attack or stroke. But this new data suggests HDL may just be a fatty substance along for the ride. wordridden/Flickr "It may be therefore that it's reflecting other health habits that lead to greater risk, rather than actually being a risk factor itself," said Dr. Steven Nissen, a Cleveland Clinic cardiologist not involved in the study. The study, published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology, will sound familiar to the drug industry, which has repeatedly failed to design a pill that might improve patients' lives by increasing HDL. A decade ago, Pfizer spent more than $800 million to get the HDL-boosting medication torcetrapib into late-stage trials, only to find that more patients died on the drug than on placebo. Roche was next to fail when its drug, dalcetrapib, came up short in a 16,000-patient trial in 2012. And last year, Eli Lilly shut down a study testing its evacetrapib on 12,000 patients after discovering that the drug had no effect on heart attack and stroke. Those drugs, called CETP inhibitors, are meant to interrupt the process that turns HDL into LDL cholesterol, its "bad" relative. And, in a sense, they work — Lilly's pill boosted HDL by about 130 percent and slashed LDL by more than one-third. But, time after time, changing that ratio of good to bad cholesterol has failed to improve outcomes for patients. Despite the litany of disappointments, there's one CETP pill still in the ring. Merck is in the final phase of a 30,000-patient study on anacetrapib, the last of the class in late-stage development. Results are expected early next year, but optimism does not abound. "I have very little hope that the ongoing trial is going to work," said Nissen, who chaired Lilly's failed evacetrapib study. "And if you think about it, if that study also fails, what is the likelihood that anybody will do another large, Phase 3 trial? I think the answer is probably pretty low." Still, cardiologists said it may still be useful to keep measuring HDL in blood lipid tests, because it does seem to be correlated with other factors that can affect health, such as diet and exercise habits. Doctors can gather such information with questionnaires, but those are time-consuming and rely on patients accurately recounting their habits. Further questions Shutterstock And HDL may yet redeem itself in the world of drug development. Good cholesterol is complex, with various particle sizes and subspecies floating around in the body. Ko and his colleagues applied a broad brush in their study, looking at HDL as a monolith. It's possible a deeper look at HDL subtypes could reveal a more nuanced relationship with cardiovascular disease, Dr. Stephen Nicholls and Dr. Peter Psaltis wrote in an editorial accompanying the study. And it's possible that drugs to raise HDL may work only in people with certain genetic mutations. Last year, mining the wreckage of Roche's failed dalcetrapib study, researchers at the University of Montreal noted that the drug had a marked effect on a subset of patients with mutations to a gene called ADCY9. DalCor Pharmaceuticals, a UK startup, has raised $150 million in venture capital to see if Roche's drug can have a second life as a targeted therapy. "Our understanding of the HDL story has changed," said Dr. Bassem Masri, a cardiovascular disease expert at Weill Cornell Medicine and NewYork-Presbyterian who helped run a slew of CETP trials. "It's not just [about] increasing HDL; it might be that only a specific population will respond to that increase positively." Elsewhere, scientists are studying novel methods of boosting HDL, whether by stimulating other pathways in the body or injecting patients with synthetic good cholesterol. Considering past failures, it looks like an uphill battle. But anything's possible. "I've been doing medicine long enough that I've learned to say you never say never," Nissen said. Read the original article on STAT. Copyright 2016. Follow STAT on Twitter. More from STAT: Gilead hepatitis C pill was biggest 2015 drug cost for Medicare, Medicaid State Medicaid programs continue to restrict access to hepatitis C drugs Prisons fight opioids with $1,000 injection: Does it work? Trump in 30 seconds: Science and medicine in flux Their brains had the telltale signs of Alzheimer’s. So why did they still have nimble minds? SEE ALSO: Fasting could prevent aging and transform your body, but it goes against everything we think of as healthy NOW WATCH: A mysterious cloud moving 700,000 mph is going to collide with our galaxy — here's what will happen Loading video... More: Stat STAT News Avocados Nutrition Health Heart disease facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The idea that 'good' cholesterol helps your heart might be all wrong The idea that 'good' cholesterol helps your heart might be all wrong "Good" cholesterol might be in for a name... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Science Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Science Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR


Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: ImmunoGen, Inc. Waits for Data Investors eagerly await data from the biotech's phase 3 trial, but there will be some earlier-stage data in the interim. Brian Orelli (TMFBiologyFool) Nov 1, 2016 at 3:00PM Image source: Getty Images. ImmunoGen (NASDAQ:IMGN) reported earnings on Friday, but except for its cash runway, the biotech's financials aren't nearly as important as plans for its pipeline. ImmunoGen results: The only number that really matters Metric Sept. 30, 2016 June 30, 2016 QOQ Decline Cash and equivalents $196 million $245 million (20%) QOQ = quarter over quarter. Data source: Company press release. What happened with ImmunoGen this quarter? At the end of September, management decided to reduce its workforce by 17%, focusing on mirvetuximab soravtansine, IMGN779, and IMGN632 while partnering its non-core B-cell lymphoma program to reduce its cash burn. Management thinks the new focus will push its cash runway through its interim peak at phase 3 data for mirvetuximab soravtansine, extending into mid-2018. That phase 3 trial, dubbed FORWARD I, for mirvetuximab soravtansine in platinum-resistant ovarian cancer is on track to begin before the end of the year. ImmunoGen expects to end the year with $165 million and $170 million in the bank, implying a cash burn rate of $26 million to $31 million, but that rate will increase in coming quarters as it ramps up its spending on clinical trials. Its phase 2 trial, FORWARD II, which looks at mirvetuximab soravtansine in combination with other treatments, is still enrolling patients. What management had to say On the potential to sell its non-core assets, ImmunoGen CEO Mark Enyedy said, "We have some preliminary conversations ongoing at this point, and there's not much else to say on that point." Clearly, generating some non-dilutive cash would be useful, but investors are just going to have to wait. Much has been made about ImmunoGen having enough cash to get through the interim peak at the FORWARD I trial data, but Anna Berkenblit, ImmunoGen's chief medical officer, noted that "it's just a futility analysis because progression free survivals is the primary end point. We do not have an early stop for efficacy." Knowing that the trial won't end early will remove some risk from ImmunoGen, but the interim look doesn't offer a huge upside since it can't be stopped early for efficacy. Looking forward While investors won't get data from FORWARD I for some time, ImmunoGen expects to start reporting data from FORWARD II next year, perhaps at the American Society of Clinical Research (ASCO) meeting in June. If mirvetuximab soravtansine works well in combination with currently approved drugs, such as Roche's Avastin and Merck's Keytruda, investors should have more confidence that mirvetuximab soravtansine will work on its own in later-stage patients who have failed other treatments -- the patients in the FORWARD I trial. Before then, at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) meeting next month, investors will get a look at preclinical data for IMGN779 and IMGN632. IMGN779 is already being tested in a phase 1 trial in patients with acute myeloid leukemia. A phase 1 trial for IMGN632 is scheduled to start in 2017. Brian Orelli has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends ImmunoGen. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Orelli (TMFBiologyFool) Dr. Orelli is a Senior Biotech Specialist. He has written about biotech, pharmaceutical, and medical device companies for The Motley Fool since 2007. Follow @biologyfool Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 3:00PM Health Care Stocks ImmunoGen NASDAQ:IMGN $2.14 down $0.07 (-3.17%) Read More ImmunoGen, Inc. Gets the FDA Green Light (for Its Trial Design) ImmunoGen, Inc.'s Shares Jumped Another 15% Today Mixed Bag for ImmunoGen Inc. Best Pure Play Investment in Cancer Drugs ImmunoGen, Inc. Shares Fall After It Outlines Its 2016 Clinical Events Outlook Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Browse Archives Front Page News Calendar Columns Classifieds Legals Subscribe Media Kit Contact Us Submission Forms Letters to the Editor Anniversary Birth Announcement Calendar of Events Classified Order Display Ad Order Engagement Obituary Senior's Birthday Wedding General Dining & Entertainment Home Automotive Real Estate & Auctions Display Classifieds Index 2016-11-01 / Columns Tweet Print Measure would let state negotiate drug prices Thinking about health By Trudy Lieberman Rural Health News Service Editor’s note: The following is provided by the Hoosier State Press Association. While it involves an issue currently happening in California, the results could set the stage for the nation in regard to the price of pharmaceuticals. The fight in California over a ballot initiative that would begin to control the price of pharmaceuticals paid by state programs shows how difficult it is to “do something” about the high price of prescription drugs. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, U.S. drug spending rose 7 percent this year - the biggest increase in 24 years – and most Americans now think drug prices are unreasonable. So it’s not surprising the pharmaceutical industry is running scared and, with its deep pockets, is spending big to convince millions of Californians to vote “No” on Prop 61, a Nov. 8 ballot measure that would “do something.” It’s a simple measure, says Roger Salazar, the spokesperson for the group “Yes On Prop 61.” It would require the state to pay no more for prescription drugs than the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs spends for the same medications. The VA negotiates prices with pharmaceutical companies, and federal law requires that the department get a discount of at least 24 percent off the drugs it buys. That may seem reasonable considering the state spends billions on drugs it buys through such programs as CalPERS, the state employees retirement fund, the fee-for-service recipients in Medi-Cal, the state’s version of Medicaid, the state prison system, and an AIDS drug assistance program. Over time proponents say the measure could save the state billions. For CalPERS alone they argue the measure could save almost $4 billion over 10 years. The state legislative office says the financial impact is “unknown.” If proponent’s estimate of potential savings is correct, that’s hardly chump change. CalPERS, one of the country’s largest healthcare purchasers, saw its costs for specialty drugs - high-cost medicines for complex, chronic conditions - jump 30 percent in 2015. The pharmaceutical industry, though, worries that if the measure passes in California, it could open the door for other states to follow. Even worse, it might lead to the federal government negotiating prices with drug companies as most other nations do. “It’s a fairly straightforward expansion of price controls,” is how Stephen Ubl, president of the drug makers trade group, described it last summer in an interview with the New York Times. The drug industry has fought against such negotiations for decades. Recall that Medicare is prohibited by law from negotiating prices for the prescription drugs it pays for on behalf of 56 million beneficiaries. “We can’t negotiate for purchasing in one of the largest insurance systems in the world,” says former Medicare administrator Don Berwick. The fight in California reveals one of the biggest political and powerful obstacles of all – money. Two weeks before the election, the drug industry had poured $109 million into its campaign to defeat the measure, a sum that makes it the most expensive campaign for or against a single ballot initiative in the state’s history, according to Salazar’s group, High on the list of companies giving money to defeat the measure are household names like Johnson & Johnson, Merck, and Pfizer, which each tossed in more than $9 million. Their arguments have a familiar ring, similar to ones the drug industry has used before when price controls edged too close to their bottom lines. They argue that government interference with prices could lead to higher drug costs, treatment delays and even denial of coverage. They say the proposal offers little guidance for implementation. Their tactics are familiar too. They’ve enlisted the help of several patient advocacy groups to support their position – groups like the California Hepatitis C Task Force and the Lupus Foundation of Southern California, which have received recent drug industry contributions. When Los Angeles Times business columnist David Lazarus asked Kathy Fairbanks, the spokeswoman for the “No Prop 61” campaign,” if she’d characterize high drug prices as a problem for patients, she said no, that’s not how she would put it. “It’s an issue, how about that?” She added healthcare costs are top of mind for a lot of people, but “Proposition 61 isn’t the answer.” It’s fair to ask: Then what is it? Two other weaker attempts in California to “do something” about drug prices failed this year. One was a measure to require insurers to give detailed information about drug costs and drug makers to give notice of future price increases. The other would have required more transparency about research and development, production and marketing costs for drugs with a wholesale price of more than $10,000 a year. The battle is being fought on the airwaves, and voters are confused. Money talks! The question remains: When will the needs of the public and the health system in general talk louder? What do you think should be done to control drug prices? Write to Trudy at trudy. lieberman@gmail.com. Return to top Login to post comments Click here for digital edition Newspaper web site content management software and services Copyright © 2011-2016 The Hoosier Topics
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases Asia-Pacific Animal Health Market – Forecast to 2021 LONDON, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — The APAC animal health market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 5.7% during the forecast period, to reach USD 20.25 billion by 2021 from USD 15.32 billion in 2016. Growth in this market can primarily be attributed to the rapid rise in livestock population, increasing awareness about animal health, rising demand for animal-derived food products, and rising frequency of animal disease outbreaks. However, restrictions on the use of parasiticides in food-producing animals, the shift towards vegetarian diets, and rising vaccine storage costs are restraining the growth of this market to a certain extent. In this report, the APAC animal health market is segmented on the basis of product, type of animal, and region. On the basis of product, the market is segmented into growth promoters, feed additives, parasiticides, vaccines, antimicrobials and antibiotics, and other pharmaceuticals. The parasiticides segment is further categorized into ectoparasiticides, endoparasiticides, and endectocides. The ectoparasiticides segment accounted for the largest share of the APAC animal parasiticides market. This product segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Based on the type of animal, the market is segmented into food-producing animals and companion animals. Geographically, the APAC animal health market segmented into China, Japan, India, and the Rest of APAC. In 2015, China accounted for the largest share of the APAC animal health market. This regional segment is expected to register the highest growth rate followed by India. This growth can be attributed to the large livestock population in these countries, increased frequency of the occurrence of animal diseases, rising demand for animal-derived food products, and growing awareness about animal health and welfare. Some of the prominent players in the APAC animal health market include Zoetis, Inc. (U.S.), Sanofi (France), Eli Lilly and Company (U.S.), Merck and Co., Inc. (U.S.), Bayer AG (Germany), Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH (Germany), Ceva Santé Animale (France), Virbac (France), Vetoquinol S.A. (France), and Cargill, Inc. (U.S.) Research Coverage In addition to detailed segmentation, this report also provides market dynamics, including drivers, restraints, opportunities, challenges, and market trends. The report also covers the regulatory analysis for the production and marketing of veterinary healthcare products. Reasons to Buy the Report: The report will enrich both established firms as well as new entrants/smaller firms to gauge the pulse of the market, which in turn will help firms in garnering greater market shares. Firms purchasing the report could use any one or a combination of the below-mentioned five strategies (market penetration, product and service development/innovation, market development, market diversification, and competitive assessment) for increasing their market shares. The report provides insights on the following pointers: – Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on the product portfolios offered by the top players in the APAC animal health market. The report analyzes the APAC animal health market by product, type of animal, and region – Product and Service Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on the upcoming trends, research and development activities, and new product launches in the APAC animal health market – Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative emerging markets by product and region – Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, growing geographies, recent developments, and investments in the APAC animal health market – Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market shares, growth strategies, products and services, and manufacturing capabilities of leading players in the APAC animal health market Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4259110/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com   Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/asia-pacific-animal-health-market—forecast-to-2021-300354986.html Author ilsPosted on November 1, 2016November 1, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: ALM to Host the Nation’s Largest Legal Industry Gathering at Legalweek, The Experience, January 31-February 2, 2017 Next Next post: TEAMHEALTH INVESTOR ALERT BY THE FORMER ATTORNEY GENERAL OF LOUISIANA: Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC Investigates Adequacy of Price and Process in Proposed Sale of TeamHealth Holdings, Inc. Search for: Search Recent Posts Corporate Capital Trust announces third quarter 2016 results TEAM HEALTH MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Team Health Holdings, Inc. Propel Media Reports $6.1 million of Adjusted EBITDA for the 3rd Quarter of 2016 Matrix Lanza PowerWatch, el Primer Reloj Inteligente del Mundo que Nunca Necesita Cargarse Matrix bringt PowerWatch heraus, die erste Smartwatch der Welt, die nie aufgeladen werden muss Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Asia-Pacific Animal Health Market – Forecast to 2021 LONDON, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — The APAC animal health market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 5.7% during the forecast period, to reach USD 20.25 billion by 2021 from USD 15.32 billion in 2016. Growth in this market can primarily be attributed to the rapid rise in livestock population, increasing awareness about animal health, rising demand for animal-derived food products, and rising frequency of animal disease outbreaks. However, restrictions on the use of parasiticides in food-producing animals, the shift towards vegetarian diets, and rising vaccine storage costs are restraining the growth of this market to a certain extent. In this report, the APAC animal health market is segmented on the basis of product, type of animal, and region. On the basis of product, the market is segmented into growth promoters, feed additives, parasiticides, vaccines, antimicrobials and antibiotics, and other pharmaceuticals. The parasiticides segment is further categorized into ectoparasiticides, endoparasiticides, and endectocides. The ectoparasiticides segment accounted for the largest share of the APAC animal parasiticides market. This product segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Based on the type of animal, the market is segmented into food-producing animals and companion animals. Geographically, the APAC animal health market segmented into China, Japan, India, and the Rest of APAC. In 2015, China accounted for the largest share of the APAC animal health market. This regional segment is expected to register the highest growth rate followed by India. This growth can be attributed to the large livestock population in these countries, increased frequency of the occurrence of animal diseases, rising demand for animal-derived food products, and growing awareness about animal health and welfare. Some of the prominent players in the APAC animal health market include Zoetis, Inc. (U.S.), Sanofi (France), Eli Lilly and Company (U.S.), Merck and Co., Inc. (U.S.), Bayer AG (Germany), Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH (Germany), Ceva Santé Animale (France), Virbac (France), Vetoquinol S.A. (France), and Cargill, Inc. (U.S.) Research Coverage In addition to detailed segmentation, this report also provides market dynamics, including drivers, restraints, opportunities, challenges, and market trends. The report also covers the regulatory analysis for the production and marketing of veterinary healthcare products. Reasons to Buy the Report: The report will enrich both established firms as well as new entrants/smaller firms to gauge the pulse of the market, which in turn will help firms in garnering greater market shares. Firms purchasing the report could use any one or a combination of the below-mentioned five strategies (market penetration, product and service development/innovation, market development, market diversification, and competitive assessment) for increasing their market shares. The report provides insights on the following pointers: – Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on the product portfolios offered by the top players in the APAC animal health market. The report analyzes the APAC animal health market by product, type of animal, and region – Product and Service Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on the upcoming trends, research and development activities, and new product launches in the APAC animal health market – Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative emerging markets by product and region – Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, growing geographies, recent developments, and investments in the APAC animal health market – Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market shares, growth strategies, products and services, and manufacturing capabilities of leading players in the APAC animal health market Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4259110/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com   Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Source: http://www.prnewswire.com/rss/all-news-releases-from-PR-newswire-news.rss Link: Asia-Pacific Animal Health Market – Forecast to 2021 Author RSS ImportPosted on November 1, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: uBreakiFix Opens Doors in Millburn to Serve Community's Tech Repair Needs Next Next post: Maverick Technical Institute Introduces Cleerline Technology Group Fiber Optic Training Search for: Search Recent Posts TEAM HEALTH MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Team Health Holdings, Inc. Corporate Capital Trust announces third quarter 2016 results INTELIQUENT MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Inteliquent, Inc. ADDING MULTIMEDIA Costco, GameStop and Best Buy Join Activision Blizzard to Support Veteran Hiring with Special Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare Holiday Seasonal Items Dividend Capital Diversified Property Fund Provides Third Quarter 2016 Portfolio Update Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Login Register Classifieds CarsHQ JobsHQ HomesHQ ApartmentsHQ Classifieds Marketplace Jamestown Sun Search Search Sections Home news Headlines Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Corps says more discussion needed before agency will approve Dakota Access easement Fewer US parents say they spank their kids Trump's pick of right-wing firebrand for White House job sparks outrage Conway denies any extremist influence on Trump campaign More Topics weather crime local state nation and world records business sports Headlines Jimmies beat D-II St. Cloud, go 3-0 on trip Jimmie men down Pilots Treder claims crown in Winnipeg Bradley, relay set school record Beavers complete sweep of Jimmies More Topics prep college jays jimmies pro amateur outdoors opinion Headlines Letter to the editor: Why doesn’t Civic Center, Phillips believe in RRA event? We learned a lot in the campaign Port: ND needs to blow up initiated measure process Trump’s analysis spot on Better signage needed to guide people to downtown More Topics editorials letters columns obituaries Headlines Irene A. Pitra Rosemary Morrison Herb J. Engels Elizabeth "Betty" Andrud Irene A. Pitra life Headlines Five decades and 200 films later, Jackie Chan 'finally' wins Oscar Leon Russell, Rock Songwriter and Musician, Dies at 74 An extended warm autumn has benefits Leonard Cohen, rock music's poetic visionary, dies at age 82 Pure Heart Drama Team More Topics food garden home travel religion entertainment community Headlines Community Calendar Sock hop at Roosevelt Community Calendar Public meetings scheduled next week New Materials At Libraries More Topics clubs education calendar milestones Headlines Births Wally and Pat Births for Nov. 7, 2016 Births for Nov. 7, 2016 Births for Nov. 4, 2016 More Topics anniversaries birthdays births engagements reunions weddings Weather Forecast Close Forecast Radar Ballot measure would let California negotiate drug prices By Rural Health News Service on Nov 1, 2016 at 7:00 a.m. The fight in California over a ballot initiative that would begin to control the price of pharmaceuticals paid by state programs shows how difficult it is to “do something” about the high price of prescription drugs. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, U.S. drug spending rose 7 percent this year - the biggest increase in 24 years – and most Americans now think drug prices are unreasonable. So it’s not surprising the pharmaceutical industry is running scared and, with its deep pockets, is spending big to convince millions of Californians to vote “no” on Prop 61, a Nov. 8 ballot measure that would “do something.” It’s a simple measure, said Roger Salazar, the spokesperson for the group “Yes On Prop 61.” It would require the state to pay no more for prescription drugs than the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs spends for the same medications. The VA negotiates prices with pharmaceutical companies, and federal law requires that the department get a discount of at least 24 percent off the drugs it buys. That may seem reasonable considering the state spends billions on drugs it buys through such programs as CalPERS, the state employees retirement fund, the fee-for-service recipients in Medi-Cal, the state’s version of Medicaid, the state prison system and an AIDS drug assistance program. Over time proponents say the measure could save the state billions. For CalPERS alone they argue the measure could save almost $4 billion over 10 years. The state legislative office says the financial impact is “unknown.” If proponent’s estimate of potential savings is correct, that’s hardly chump change. CalPERS, one of the country’s largest health care purchasers, saw its costs for specialty drugs - high-cost medicines for complex, chronic conditions - jump 30 percent in 2015. The pharmaceutical industry, though, worries that if the measure passes in California, it could open the door for other states to follow. Even worse, it might lead to the federal government negotiating prices with drug companies as most other nations do. “It’s a fairly straightforward expansion of price controls,” is how Stephen Ubl, president of the drug makers trade group, described it last summer in an interview with the New York Times. The drug industry has fought against such negotiations for decades. Recall that Medicare is prohibited by law from negotiating prices for the prescription drugs it pays for on behalf of 56 million beneficiaries. “We can’t negotiate for purchasing in one of the largest insurance systems in the world,” said former Medicare administrator Don Berwick. The fight in California reveals one of the biggest political and powerful obstacles of all – money. Two weeks before the election, the drug industry had poured $109 million into its campaign to defeat the measure, a sum that makes it the most expensive campaign for or against a single ballot initiative in the state’s history, according to Salazar’s group, High on the list of companies giving money to defeat the measure are household names like Johnson & Johnson, Merck and Pfizer, which each tossed in more than $9 million. Their arguments have a familiar ring, similar to ones the drug industry has used before when price controls edged too close to their bottom lines. They argue that government interference with prices could lead to higher drug costs, treatment delays and even denial of coverage. They say the proposal offers little guidance for implementation. Their tactics are familiar too. They’ve enlisted the help of several patient advocacy groups to support their position – groups like the California Hepatitis C Task Force and the Lupus Foundation of Southern California, which have received recent drug industry contributions. When Los Angeles Times business columnist David Lazarus asked Kathy Fairbanks, the spokeswoman for the “No Prop 61” campaign,” if she’d characterize high drug prices as a problem for patients, she said no, that’s not how she would put it. “It’s an issue, how about that?” She added health care costs are top of mind for a lot of people, but “Proposition 61 isn’t the answer.” It’s fair to ask: Then what is it? Two other weaker attempts in California to “do something” about drug prices failed this year. One was a measure to require insurers to give detailed information about drug costs and drug makers to give notice of future price increases. The other would have required more transparency about research and development, production and marketing costs for drugs with a wholesale price of more than $10,000 a year. The battle is being fought on the airwaves, and voters are confused. Money talks! The question remains: When will the needs of the public and the health system in general talk louder? What do you think should be done to control drug prices? Write to Trudy at trudy. lieberman@gmail.com. Explore related topics:LifehomeHealth Advertisement Trending 1. Letter to the editor: Why doesn’t Civic Center, Phillips believe in RRA event? 2. Two-vehicle rural crash injures one in Stutsman 3. Three join staff of R.M. Stoudt 4. Bismarck accident victim identified 5. Rosemary Morrison more 〉 Latest Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump44 min ago Corps says more discussion needed before agency will approve Dakota Access easement1 hour ago Fewer US parents say they spank their kids1 hour ago Trump's pick of right-wing firebrand for White House job sparks outrage2 hours ago Conway denies any extremist influence on Trump campaign3 hours ago more 〉 Account Manage My Account Manage Home Delivery Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Newspaper Subscribe to the Paper Buy Newspaper Prints Contact Contact Us Get Website Help Work With Us More JobsHQ CarsHQ HomesHQ Northland Outdoors Agweek Impact Magazine Social Areavoices Twitter Facebook RSS Feeds Forum Communications Company 3.0 © Jamestown Sun Forum Communications Company websitesupport@forumcomm.com © Jamestown Sun and Forum Communications Company 121 3rd St NW Jamestown, North Dakota 58401 Call us at 701-252-3120
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Press Release Receive press releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc.: By Email RSS Feeds: Nanomedicine Market USD 170 Billion by 2020, Published by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Maryland Heights, MO, November 01, 2016 --(PR.com)-- The global nanomedicine market is estimated to reach USD 170 Billion in 2020, growing at a CAGR of 8.9% from 2016 to 2020, according to a market research report Nanomedicine Market 2013-2020, published by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Visit the Nanomedicine Market 2013-2020 report at https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/nanomedicine-market/ Nanomedicine is the medical application of nanotechnology that ranges from the medical applications of nanomaterials and biological devices, to nanoelectronic biosensors, and even possible future applications of molecular nanotechnology such as biological machines. Nanomedicines are used globally to improve the treatments and lives of patients suffering from a range of disorders including ovarian and breast cancer, kidney disease, fungal infections, elevated cholesterol, menopausal symptoms, multiple sclerosis, chronic pain, asthma and emphysema. The global nanomedicine market segmentation is based on applications (neurology, cardiology, oncology, anti-inflammatory, anti-infectives, etc.). The global nanomedicine market report provides market size (Revenue USD Million 2013 to 2020), market share, market trends and forecasts growth trends (CAGR%, 2016 to 2020). The global nanomedicine market research report is divided by geography (regional and country based) into North America (U.S., Canada), Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA), Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU), Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC), and Rest of the World. 1. Application 1.1 Neurology 1.2 Cardiology 1.3 Oncology 1.4 Anti-inflammatory 1.5 Anti-infectives 1.6 Others 2. Geography (Region, Country) 2.1 North America (U.S., Canada) 2.2 Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA) 2.3 Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU) 2.4 Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC) 2.5 Rest of the World 3. Company Profiles 3.1 Abbott Laboratories 3.2 CombiMatrix Corporation 3.3 Celgene Corporation 3.4 Mallinckrodt plc 3.5 GE Healthcare 3.6 Johnson & Johnson 3.7 Merck & Company Inc. 3.8 Nanosphere, Inc. 3.9 Pfizer Inc. 3.10 Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals Inc. 3.11 Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. 3.12 UCB SA About Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. is a global health care market research and consulting company providing market analysis, and competitive intelligence services to global clients. The Company publishes syndicate, custom and consulting grade healthcare reports covering animal healthcare, biotechnology, clinical diagnostics, healthcare informatics, healthcare services, medical devices, medical equipment, and pharmaceuticals. iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. provides industry participants and stakeholders with strategically analyzed, unbiased view of market dynamics and business opportunities within its coverage areas. Contact Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. 2109, Mckelvey Hill Drive, Maryland Heights, MO 63043 United States Email: sales@ihealthcareranalyst.com Website: https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com Contact Information iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Ana Aitawa (314) 736-9294 Contact http://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/ Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Roundup > Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 31, 2016 Tweet Kevin McCaffrey October 31, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 31, 2016 Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Photo credit: StockMonkeys.com/Creative Commons 1. Government and public pressure related to price increases may be finally taking its toll on drugmakers. Share prices of some drugmakers, pharmacy benefit managers, and distributors fell sharply on Friday as a number of pharma companies said that they would moderate price increases on their products going forward. (WSJ) 2. AstraZeneca executive Dr. Mene Pangalos said that drugmakers will start to leave the U.K. unless the government and the National Health Service start to pay for breakthrough drugs. “It's depressing and demoralising that our latest drugs that are discovered here are not being used in the UK,” he said. (The Telegraph) 3. Merck KGAA is mulling the sale of its biosimilar unit. That unit includes an experimental drug in trials that could compete with AbbVie's Humira.  (Reuters) 4. An October tracking poll from the Kaiser Family Foundation found that voters care more about issues related to prescription drug prices and out-of-pocket spending than proposals to repeal requirements for the Affordable Care Act. (Kaiser Health News) 5. Astellas Pharma will acquire Ganymed Pharmaceuticals in a deal worth up $1.4 billion. Ganymed has a portfolio of experimental cancer drugs. (Chicago Tribune) Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Similar Articles Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, August 31 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, October 31 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 3, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 6 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 17, 2016 Related Topics Round Up Pricing Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Roundup Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, November 1, 2016 MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Infographic: what information doctors need from pharma Will drugmakers get what they're looking for at this week's FDA off-label hearing? Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, November 11, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 9, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 7, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Novartis considers new sales model for experimental cancer therapy Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program Pfizer expands humanitarian access to Prevnar 13 vaccine Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 14, 2016 Will he or won't he? Pharma speculates on President-elect Trump Pharma pushes to share off-label info with payers at FDA hearing What's Next for the FDA During the Trump Administration Tweets by @MMMnews Events Weekly MM&M Breaking News MM&M KOL White Paper MM&M News Brief MM&M Sponsored Promotion MM&M Weekly Digest The Splash from MM&M United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Check out what's trending Healthcare Legal/Regulatory FDA Pharma Health Influencer 50 People Pricing Election Commercial More in Roundup Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, ... J&J's experimental RA drug has mixed results in clinical trial; Novartis reportedly considers buying generics maker; Donald Trump names healthcare transition team leader Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, ... Trump says he will reform the FDA; pharmaceutical M&A expected to pick up; superbug causing infections in cystic-fibrosis patients Five things for pharma marketers to know: Thursday, ... Mylan reports third-quarter loss; analysts say drug-pricing restrictions less likely under Trump; the FDA limits citizen petitions Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Therapeutics Market - - Global Industry Analysis, Pipeline Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2015 - 2023 News provided by ReportBuyer Oct 31, 2016, 18:18 ET Share this article LONDON, Oct. 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- This report on the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market studies the current and future prospects of the global market. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy occurs if heart muscle cells enlarge and cause the walls of the ventricles (usually the left ventricle) to thicken. However, the thickening may block blood flow out of the ventricle and the condition is called obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Modern healthcare infrastructure, increasing sedentary lifestyle in young population and rising obese population are expected to propel the global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market. The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes a market snapshot that provides information about various segments and sub-segments of the market. It also provides information and data analysis of the global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market with respect to the segments based on the type of drug class, and their geographic analysis. A detailed qualitative analysis of driving and restraining factors for the market growth and future opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. This section of the report also provides market attractiveness analysis, and market share analysis by key players, thus presenting a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market. Based on drug class, the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market has been segmented into four major categories: Beta Adrenergic Blocking Agents, Calcium Channel Blockers, Antiarrhythmic Agents, and Anticoagulants. The market segments have been extensively analyzed based on usefulness, efficacy, revenue, and geographical coverage. The market size and forecast in terms of USD million for each segment has been provided for the period from 2013 to 2023. The report also provides the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) for each market segment for the forecast period from 2015 to 2023, considering 2014 as the base year. Geographically, the global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market has been categorized into four major regions and the key countries in the respective region: North America (U.S., Canada), Europe (U.K., Germany, Rest of Europe), Asia Pacific (Japan, India, Rest of Asia Pacific), and Rest of the World (Latin America, Middle East, Africa). The market size and forecast for each of these regions and the mentioned countries has been provided for the period from 2013 to 2023, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2015 to 2023, considering 2014 as the base year. The research study also covers the competitive scenario in these regions. The report also profiles major players in the global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include AstraZeneca plc, Concordia Healthcare Corp., Sanofi S.A., Pfizer, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Teva Pharmaceuticals Limited, Mylan N.V., Gilead Sciences, Inc., and Novartis AG The global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market is segmented as follows: Global Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Therapeutics, by Drug Class Beta Adrenergic Blocking Agents Calcium Channel Blockers Antiarrhythmic Agents Anticoagulants Global Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Therapeutics, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Europe U.K. Germany Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India Japan Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Latin America Middle East Africa Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3999635/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hypertrophic-cardiomyopathy-therapeutics-market-----global-industry-analysis-pipeline-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2015---2023-300354410.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 10, 2016, 21:48 ETModular Data Center Market by Functional Module Solution,... Nov 10, 2016, 21:21 ETPhilippines Dental Care Market Outlook to 2019 - Increasing... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Therapeutics Market - - Global Industry Analysis, Pipeline Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2015 - 2023 News provided by ReportBuyer Oct 31, 2016, 18:18 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Therapeutics Market - - Global Industry Analysis, Pipeline Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2015 - 2023 By Published: Oct 31, 2016 6:18 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Oct. 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- This report on the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market studies the current and future prospects of the global market. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy occurs if heart muscle cells enlarge and cause the walls of the ventricles (usually the left ventricle) to thicken. However, the thickening may block blood flow out of the ventricle and the condition is called obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Modern healthcare infrastructure, increasing sedentary lifestyle in young population and rising obese population are expected to propel the global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market. The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes a market snapshot that provides information about various segments and sub-segments of the market. It also provides information and data analysis of the global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market with respect to the segments based on the type of drug class, and their geographic analysis. A detailed qualitative analysis of driving and restraining factors for the market growth and future opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. This section of the report also provides market attractiveness analysis, and market share analysis by key players, thus presenting a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market. Based on drug class, the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market has been segmented into four major categories: Beta Adrenergic Blocking Agents, Calcium Channel Blockers, Antiarrhythmic Agents, and Anticoagulants. The market segments have been extensively analyzed based on usefulness, efficacy, revenue, and geographical coverage. The market size and forecast in terms of USD million for each segment has been provided for the period from 2013 to 2023. The report also provides the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) for each market segment for the forecast period from 2015 to 2023, considering 2014 as the base year. Geographically, the global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market has been categorized into four major regions and the key countries in the respective region: North America (U.S., Canada), Europe (U.K., Germany, Rest of Europe), Asia Pacific (Japan, India, Rest of Asia Pacific), and Rest of the World (Latin America, Middle East, Africa). The market size and forecast for each of these regions and the mentioned countries has been provided for the period from 2013 to 2023, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2015 to 2023, considering 2014 as the base year. The research study also covers the competitive scenario in these regions. The report also profiles major players in the global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include AstraZeneca plc, Concordia Healthcare Corp., Sanofi S.A., Pfizer, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Teva Pharmaceuticals Limited, Mylan N.V., Gilead Sciences, Inc., and Novartis AG The global hypertrophic cardiomyopathy therapeutics market is segmented as follows: Global Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Therapeutics, by Drug Class Beta Adrenergic Blocking Agents Calcium Channel Blockers Antiarrhythmic Agents Anticoagulants Global Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Therapeutics, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Europe U.K. Germany Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India Japan Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Latin America Middle East Africa Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3999635/About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah SmithResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.comTel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hypertrophic-cardiomyopathy-therapeutics-market-----global-industry-analysis-pipeline-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2015---2023-300354410.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments 58 girls participate in Somerset STEM program 1031OBSSTEM.jpg Freeholder Director Pat Walsh, standing at right, and Somerset County Commission on the Status of Women Chair Janice Fields, seated center front, are pictured with girls who participated in the commission-sponsored STEM program at the Vo-Tech High School in Bridgewater. (Courtesy of Linda Van Zandt) Print Email Community Bulletin By Community Bulletin The Somerset Reporter on October 31, 2016 at 5:08 PM comments Fifty-eight girls from schools throughout Somerset County participated in a STEM program Oct. 15 at the county Vocational & Technical High School in Bridgewater, sponsored by the county Commission on the Status of Women. "This was a wonderful opportunity for these girls to learn about potential careers and to practice teambuilding skills that will serve them in the future," said Freeholder Director Patricia Walsh, commission liaison. The program was specifically designed to encourage sixth- through eighth-grade girls to prepare for future success in science, technology, engineering and math fields. Additional sponsors included Bricks 4 Kidz, Team Makers, DesignPoint Solutions and ExxonMobil. There were four interactive areas, including designing with plastic bricks, learning and watching 3-D printing in action, and learning about engineering, all while developing valuable teambuilding skills. There also was a panel of successful STEM women who provided insights, answered questions and discussed possible mentoring opportunities. They included Vaseem Firdaus, Ph.D., global third-party manufacturing manager at Exxon Mobil Chemical-Synthetics Division; Itzia Arroyo, Ph.D., associate principal scientist at Merck's Center for Materials Science & Engineering; and Shelby Dobbins, an equipment-support specialist at DesignPoint Solutions. The participating girls were from the following schools: Auten Road Intermediate and Hillsborough Middle School; Branchburg Central Middle School; Bridgewater-Raritan Middle School, Eisenhower Intermediate and Hillside Intermediate, Bridgewater; Central Jersey College Prep Charter School and Samson G. Smith School, Franklin; Green Brook Middle School; Montgomery Lower and Upper middle schools; The Pingry School and William Annin Middle School, Bernards; and Warren Middle School. The Commission on the Status of Women serves as an advisory board to the Board of Chosen Freeholders to address present and potential needs of women and to develop a greater public awareness of women's issues. For more information, email sccswomen@gmail.com or visit the commission's webpage at http://www.co.somerset.nj.us/government/affiliated-agencies/commission-on-the-status-of-women To stay up to date with Somerset County events and information, sign up for free email alerts at www.co.somerset.nj.us/subscribe or follow us on Facebook and Twitter. This item was submitted by Linda Van Zandt. Video of the Day 301 Moved Permanently Moved Permanently The document has moved here. Apache Server at videos.nj.com Port 80 Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices

Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Boston Angel Investors → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Third Rock Gets $616M to Grow New Crop of Biotech Startups Ben Fidler October 31st, 2016 @benthefidler @xconomy Like Us Xconomy Boston —  Third Rock Ventures is known for making big bets on risky science, and over the past decade a number of those gambles have paid off for its shareholders. That success has helped the Boston firm close on a new $616 million fund, its largest ever. Third Rock is announcing that it’s wrapped up its fourth fund this morning. The firm was aiming for $600 million, but the round was “oversubscribed,” meaning that even with the $16 million surplus there wasn’t enough room to accommodate the investors—endowments, family offices, foundations, pensions, and others, according to partner and CFO Kevin Gillis—that wanted to take part. With the $616 million haul, Third Rock has now raised a total of $1.9 billion since Millennium Pharmaceuticals veterans Mark Levin, Bob Tepper, and Kevin Starr formed the firm back in 2007. The majority of Third Rock’s existing backers participated in the fund, according to Gillis. The firm has also made some changes in its ranks. While Starr and Levin remain Third Rock partners, they won’t help launch and build the new companies coming out of Third Rock’s latest fund. Instead they’ll serve as advisers to the Third Rock team running that fund. Abbie Celniker, also a Millennium veteran and former Eleven Biotherapeutics CEO before the company’s recent merger, has joined the firm as a partner (Celniker is the second female partner in Third Rock’s history; Anne-Mari Paster was a partner and CFO at the firm from 2007 to 2008). Portola Pharmaceuticals co-founder and former CEO Charles Homcy, who had been a venture partner at the firm, is now a partner as well. Former Cubist CEO Mike Bonney—who had joined the firm as a partner in January—is no longer involved with the day-to-day operations with the firm, according to Tepper. “After having the opportunity to get to know many of our portfolio companies, Mike decided that the place where he can contribute the most value is by serving on our boards in a strategic level,” he said. The $616 million fund eclipses the three other funds Third Rock has raised since its inception: a $378 million fund in 2007, a $426 million fund in 2010, and a $516 million fund in 2013. Third Rock started raising the fund in the late summer and closed this one faster than its previous three. “We found the market to be quite receptive,” Gillis said. Third Rock formed just before the 2008 financial crisis hit and took interest in risky biotech investing down with it. But the firm doubled down on the field, adopting a strategy involving a hands-on approach. Third Rock creates many of its portfolio companies in house, and has its partners run them initially before recruiting an outside executive team. Third Rock likes to start these companies out with a large Series A round—typically in the $40 million to $50 million range—and is often the sole investor at the start, enabling it to keep a significant stake as these startups grow. The firm owned about 30 percent of Foundation Medicine, for instance, when it went public in September 2013, and nearly 60 percent of Sage Therapeutics at its July 2014 IPO. Third Rock’s startups are typically built on technology platforms, meaning they’re meant to develop multiple drugs rather than just advance a single asset. These types of companies “offer unique opportunities for growth and value,” said Tepper. As is always the case with biotech venture investing, some of these companies have struggled or failed altogether. For instance, although Eleven Biotherapeutics—which Third Rock formed in 2010—went public in 2014, its lead drug failed, shares plummeted, and Eleven merged with Canadian cancer drug developer Viventia Bio. Ember Therapeutics was shuttered in 2014, though the startup was revived through a merger with Mariel Therapeutics last year. Zafgen (NASDAQ: ZFGN) raised more than $100 million in an IPO in in 2014, but has since had to scrap its lead drug due to safety problems. Yet Third Rock has seen a number of its investments pay off. Of the roughly 40 companies Third Rock has formed through its three funds, 12 have gone public, and another four have been acquired. Its first fund alone yielded six IPOs and three acquisitions: Alnara Pharmaceuticals ($180 million up front, Eli Lilly in 2010), Afferent Pharmaceuticals ($500 million up front, Merck in June 2016), and a drug developed by Rhythm Pharmaceuticals ($200 million up front, Allergan last week). Through that fund, Third Rock backed Genetix Pharmaceuticals, which was renamed Bluebird Bio (NASDAQ: BLUE) and has become one of the key players in gene therapy’s renaissance. The venture firm was also an early investor in Agios Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: AGIO), which went public in 2013 and could file for approval of its first drug by the end of this year. Third Rock also had one acquisition (Lotus Tissue Repair, by Shire, $49.3 million up front) and four IPOs (MyoKardia, Sage Therapeutics, Global Blood Therapeutics, and Blueprint Medicines) from its second fund. Voyager Therapeutics and Editas Medicine, which went public in 2015 and 2016 respectively, were both from the firm’s third fund. Third Rock has launched 10 companies from that fund so far. The firm wouldn’t specify what the returns on its three funds have been so far; head of communications Cynthia Clayton would only say that fund performance so far has been “best in class.” With its new fund, Third Rock aims to start 10 to 12 companies, or roughly 2 to 3 per year. The fund has a 10-year life cycle and will focus on oncology, immunology, neurological diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and rare genetic diseases. Ben Fidler is Xconomy's Deputy Biotechnology Editor. You can e-mail him at bfidler@xconomy.com Follow @benthefidler Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME Voyager Charts an IPO Course Amid Choppy Biotech Waters Scholar Rock Rolls Up $36M To Move Muscle Drug To Clinical Trials Now Biotech-Only, Atlas Reloads With $280M Fund For New Startups Trending on Xconomy Xconomy Special Report: 12 San Diego Tech Startups to Watch in 2017 Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable Texas Innovators in Health, Space, Energy, A.I. & More: The Disruptors Photos X Xconomy Intersect: Innovating Where Disciplines Collide Join us December 8 for a unique view of the crossroads from which the next big idea may emerge December 8, 2016 Register today! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers The key trends and challenges of clinical outsourcing Exclusive interview with Prof Kenneth Getz from Tufts CSDD KNect365 Life Sciences Is commercial clinical research worth it for sites? The urgent issues with clinical trial & study site partnerships KNect365 Life Sciences The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego How Wisconsin is cultivating startup success New report highlights entrepreneurial programs available statewide Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2016, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Wall Street May Bounce Back 31.10.2016 | 12:08 (3 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Wall Street May Bounce Back WASHINGTON (dpa-AFX) - Trading in the U.S. index futures suggests that Wall Street stocks may open Monday's session higher, shrugging off political uncertainties after FBI's decision to re-open e-mail investigation. Democrats are of the view that the FBI director's action is violating an act that bars officials from influencing presidential election. Market is awaiting consumer spending and outlays reports today. Asian stocks closed mixed, while European shares are mostly down. As revealed at around 6.00 am ET, Eurozone inflation rose slightly in October as economists had expected. As of 6:15 am ET, the Dow futures are climbing 18 points, the S&P 500 futures are advancing 2.75 points and the Nasdaq 100 futures are up 15.50 points. U.S. stocks closed lower on Friday in view of FBI's move to re-open Hillary Clinton's e-mail investigation. The Nasdaq and the S&P 500 hit their lowest closing levels in over a month. The major averages ended the day in the red but off their lows of the session. The Dow edged down 8.49 points or 0.1 percent to 18,161.19, the Nasdaq fell 25.87 points or 0.5 percent to 5,190.10 and the S&P 500 dipped 6.63 points or 0.3 percent to 2,126.41. On the economic front, U.S. Department of Commerce will release Personal Income and Outlays for September at 8.30 am ET. Consensus for personal income growth of 0.4 percent, up from 0.2 percent in the previous month. Consumer spending is expected to grow 0.5 percent up from a breakeven point last year. The Institute For Supply Management - Chicago is expected to release Chicago PMI for October at 9.45 am ET. Economists are calling for the PMI to be at a consensus of 54.3 points edging up from 54.2 points in September. The Dallas Fed manufacturing Survey for October is expected at 10.30 am ET. In the previous month, the production index was at 16.7. The Department of Agriculture's Farm Prices for October will be released at 3.00 pm ET. In the corporate segment, Honeywell International Inc. (HON) cut its business jet forecast to 8,600 new business jet deliveries worth $255 billion from 2016 to 2026, which represents a 6 to 7 percent reduction from earlier forecast in 2015. 2017 deliveries are projected to be slightly lower, reflecting transitions to new models slated for late 2017 and 2018 service entry. The longer-range forecast through 2026 projects a 3 to 4 percent average annual growth rate despite the lower short-term outlook as new models and improved economic performance contribute to industry growth. St. Jude Medical Inc. (STJ) announced the Ilumien III trial met its primary endpoint demonstrating percutaneous coronary intervention or PCI guided by optical coherence tomography or OCT to be superior to angiography in stent expansion and procedural success and non-inferior to intravascular ultrasound guided-PCI in post-procedure minimal stent area or MSA. The study enrolled 450 patients at 29 sites in eight countries. It is the first multi-center, prospective, randomized, controlled study to date comparing OCT-guided, IVUS- guided and angiography-guided PCI outcomes. Merck KGaA and Pfizer Inc. (PFE) announced the European Medicines Agency has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. The avelumab metastatic MCC MAA submission is supported by data from JAVELIN Merkel 200, a multi-center, single-arm, open-label, Phase II study of 88 patients with metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed after at least one chemotherapy treatment. Asian stocks ended mixed on Monday, as oil prices retreated amid further evidence of disagreement between OPEC members about output levels and the new turn of events in U.S. Presidential elections. Chinese shares eased and the benchmark Shanghai Composite index edged down 3.78 points or 0.12 percent to 3,100.49 while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index closed down 20.27 points or 0.09 percent at 22,934. Japanese shares lost some momentum even as shares of shipping firms rallied on merger news. The Nikkei average inched down 21.39 points or 0.12 percent to 17,425.02 while the broader Topix index closed marginally higher at 1,393.02. Australian shares broke a three-day losing streak, as banks reversed early losses and economic reports on private sector credit and inflation painted a mostly positive picture of the economy. The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index climbed 33.90 points or 0.64 percent to 5,317.70 while the broader All Ordinaries index closed 31.50 points or 0.59 percent higher at 5,402.40. European shares are trading mostly down. Among the major indexes in the region, the CAC 40 Index of France is down 37.39 points of 0.82 percent, the German DAX is losing 46.61 points or 0.43 percent, the U.K. FTSE 100 Index is slipping 28.47 points or 0.40 percent and the Swiss Market Index is declining 53.22 points or 0.67 percent. The Euro Stoxx 50 Index, which is a compilation of 50 blue chip stocks across the euro area, is down 0.60 percent. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Wall Street May Bounce Back 10/31/2016 6:52 AM ET Trading in the U.S. index futures suggests that Wall Street stocks may open Monday's session higher, shrugging off political uncertainties after FBI's decision to re-open e-mail investigation. Democrats are of the view that the FBI director's action is violating an act that bars officials from influencing presidential election. Market is awaiting consumer spending and outlays reports today. Asian stocks closed mixed, while European shares are mostly down. As revealed at around 6.00 am ET, Eurozone inflation rose slightly in October as economists had expected. As of 6:15 am ET, the Dow futures are climbing 18 points, the S&P 500 futures are advancing 2.75 points and the Nasdaq 100 futures are up 15.50 points. U.S. stocks closed lower on Friday in view of FBI's move to re-open Hillary Clinton's e-mail investigation. The Nasdaq and the S&P 500 hit their lowest closing levels in over a month. The major averages ended the day in the red but off their lows of the session. The Dow edged down 8.49 points or 0.1 percent to 18,161.19, the Nasdaq fell 25.87 points or 0.5 percent to 5,190.10 and the S&P 500 dipped 6.63 points or 0.3 percent to 2,126.41. On the economic front, U.S. Department of Commerce will release Personal Income and Outlays for September at 8.30 am ET. Consensus for personal income growth of 0.4 percent, up from 0.2 percent in the previous month. Consumer spending is expected to grow 0.5 percent up from a breakeven point last year. The Institute For Supply Management - Chicago is expected to release Chicago PMI for October at 9.45 am ET. Economists are calling for the PMI to be at a consensus of 54.3 points edging up from 54.2 points in September. The Dallas Fed manufacturing Survey for October is expected at 10.30 am ET. In the previous month, the production index was at 16.7. The Department of Agriculture's Farm Prices for October will be released at 3.00 pm ET. In the corporate segment, Honeywell International Inc. (HON) cut its business jet forecast to 8,600 new business jet deliveries worth $255 billion from 2016 to 2026, which represents a 6 to 7 percent reduction from earlier forecast in 2015. 2017 deliveries are projected to be slightly lower, reflecting transitions to new models slated for late 2017 and 2018 service entry. The longer-range forecast through 2026 projects a 3 to 4 percent average annual growth rate despite the lower short-term outlook as new models and improved economic performance contribute to industry growth. St. Jude Medical Inc. (STJ) announced the Ilumien III trial met its primary endpoint demonstrating percutaneous coronary intervention or PCI guided by optical coherence tomography or OCT to be superior to angiography in stent expansion and procedural success and non-inferior to intravascular ultrasound guided-PCI in post-procedure minimal stent area or MSA. The study enrolled 450 patients at 29 sites in eight countries. It is the first multi-center, prospective, randomized, controlled study to date comparing OCT-guided, IVUS- guided and angiography-guided PCI outcomes. Merck KGaA and Pfizer Inc. (PFE) announced the European Medicines Agency has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. The avelumab metastatic MCC MAA submission is supported by data from JAVELIN Merkel 200, a multi-center, single-arm, open-label, Phase II study of 88 patients with metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed after at least one chemotherapy treatment. Asian stocks ended mixed on Monday, as oil prices retreated amid further evidence of disagreement between OPEC members about output levels and the new turn of events in U.S. Presidential elections. Chinese shares eased and the benchmark Shanghai Composite index edged down 3.78 points or 0.12 percent to 3,100.49 while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index closed down 20.27 points or 0.09 percent at 22,934. Japanese shares lost some momentum even as shares of shipping firms rallied on merger news. The Nikkei average inched down 21.39 points or 0.12 percent to 17,425.02 while the broader Topix index closed marginally higher at 1,393.02. Australian shares broke a three-day losing streak, as banks reversed early losses and economic reports on private sector credit and inflation painted a mostly positive picture of the economy. The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index climbed 33.90 points or 0.64 percent to 5,317.70 while the broader All Ordinaries index closed 31.50 points or 0.59 percent higher at 5,402.40. European shares are trading mostly down. Among the major indexes in the region, the CAC 40 Index of France is down 37.39 points of 0.82 percent, the German DAX is losing 46.61 points or 0.43 percent, the U.K. FTSE 100 Index is slipping 28.47 points or 0.40 percent and the Swiss Market Index is declining 53.22 points or 0.67 percent. The Euro Stoxx 50 Index, which is a compilation of 50 blue chip stocks across the euro area, is down 0.60 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Commentary -Global Flat Lead Tipped For South Korea Shares Stocks Close Mixed Following Lackluster Session - U.S. Commentary Stocks Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Pare Early Gains After Crude Oil Prices Turn Lower Major Averages Turning In Mixed Performance In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Show A Lack Of Direction In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Wall Street Set To Open Mixed European Shares Rally As Investors Ponder Trump's Policies FTSE 100 Rallies As Pound Drifts Lower CAC 40 Rebounds Amid Bets On Trump Presidency; AXA Shares Up 2% DAX Rallies On Optimism About Trump's Presidency Asian Shares Mostly Lower, Nikkei Bucks Trend On Weaker Yen European Shares Seen Up Despite Weak Asian Cues Indian Markets Closed For Public Holiday Asian Markets Mostly Lower <<Previous        130 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Rio Tinto Suspends Unit CEO Alan Davies Amid Guinea Payments Investigation Alstom Turns To Profit In H1; Sales, Orders Up; Backs 2020 View - Quick Facts Kuka Group Q3 Profit Surges; Lowers FY16 Sales Outlook - Quick Facts HeidelbergCement Q3 Profit Down;says Confident To Exceed €400 Mln Synergy Target Osram Licht Q4 Profit Declines; Sees Growth In 2017 - Quick Facts Heidelberg Reports Positive Net Result In Q2; Affirms Fiscal Year Targets Carlsberg Q3 Revenues Decline; But Lifts FY16 Profit Outlook - Quick Facts E.ON 9-month Loss Narrows; Confirms 2016 Profit Outlook Munich Re Lifts FY View, Q3 Profit Rises - Quick Facts Swiss Life 9-month Fee Income Rises; Premiums Down; On Track For FY16 Targets Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video German stocks - Factors to watch on October 31 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Intel | Mon Oct 31, 2016 | 2:05am EDT German stocks - Factors to watch on October 31 FRANKFURT Oct 31 The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks on Monday: BASF A third firefighter has died of his injuries following last week's explosion at the headquarters of German chemicals group BASF BASFn.DE, the company said on Saturday. BAYER Bayer bought a 12.8 percent share in U.S.-based Crispr Therapeutics, with whom it already has a joint venture for new breakthrough therapeutics to cure blood disorders, blindness and congenital heart disease. DAIMLER Daimler is expecting another record year for its vans unit, with sales and profits "significantly above last year's", the head of the division, Volker Mornhinweg, told Euro am Sonntag. DEUTSCHE BANK U.S. and UK authorities have made progress in their investigation into allegations that Deutsche Bank helped its clients in Russia disguise suspicious trades, and a settlement could come by the first half of next year, people familiar with the matter told Reuters on Friday. Separately, Deutsche Bank is among more than 20 bidders in talks to potentially buy a 3.2 billion euro ($3.5 billion) loan portfolio from state-owned rival HSH Nordbank as Germany's biggest lender tries to do deals despite its troubles, sources told Reuters. FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE The kidney dialysis provider will acquire German medical company Xenios, Heilbronner Stimme reported on Friday, citing spokespeople for both companies. LUFTHANSA Cabin crew trade union UFO has rejected an offer to mediate a dispute over pay and conditions with Lufthansa's budget flights unit Eurowings, Lufthansa said on Sunday, raising the probability of strike action. MERCK KGAA Merck is exploring a sale of its biosimilars unit, according to people familiar with the matter, as that business faces fierce competition from larger players in the sector. VOLKSWAGEN Volkswagen needs to consider investing in its own battery production amid a shift to electric cars expected to cost the carmaker a five-digit number of jobs in coming years, VW's human resources chief told the Frankfurt Allgemeine Zeitung. EVONIK Hedge fund Greenlight Capital sold out of its profitable stock holdings in Vodafone and Evonik, according to a letter sent to investors Friday and seen by Reuters. KUKA Kuka has agreed to buy the 49 percent it did not already own of family-owned German robotics company Reis from its founder, it said late on Friday. OSRAM, AIXTRON China is strategically buying up key technologies in Germany while protecting its own companies against foreign takeovers with "discriminatory requirements", German Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Saturday, ratcheting up his rhetoric against Chinese acquisitions of German companies ahead of a trip to China this week. The trip comes a week after his ministry withdrew approval for Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund to buy chip equipment maker Aixtron, citing security concerns. The government is also scrutinising the sale of Osram's general lighting lamps business Ledvance to a consortium of Chinese buyers. SOLARWORLD The company reported lower sales and earnings in the third quarter, citing a "negative" market environment. RIB SOFTWARE Q3 results due. HYPOPORT Q3 results due. TAKKT Q3 results due. OVERSEAS STOCK MARKETS Dow Jones -0.1 pct, S&P 500 -0.3 pct, Nasdaq -0.5 pct at close. Nikkei -0.2 pct, Shanghai stocks -0.2 pct. Time: 6.05 GMT. GERMAN ECONOMIC DATA German September retail sales due at 0600 GMT. Seen +0.2 pct m/m, +1.5 pct y/y. EUROPEAN FACTORS TO WATCH DIARIES REUTERS TOP NEWS (Reporting by Andreas Cremer, Georgina Prodhan and Tina Bellon) Next In Intel Rooney out of Spain game, Henderson to captain England LONDON England captain Wayne Rooney has withdrawn from the squad for Tuesday's friendly against Spain with a minor knee injury and returned to Manchester United for further tests after missing training, the FA said in a statement. UPDATE 1-Canada unfazed by U.S. competition for infrastructure funds * PM says not worried about competing with U.S. (Adds comments from Canada PM Trudeau) UPDATE 2-Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet NEW YORK, Nov 14 Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc on Monday said it has bought shares in the four biggest U.S. airlines: American Airlines Group Inc, Delta Air Lines Inc, Southwest Airlines Co and United Continental Holdings Inc. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Growing up as a refugee Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research Postherpetic Neuralgia Pipeline Landscape and Therapeutics under development Market Review H2 2016 PUNE, India, October 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ReportsnReports.com adds "Postherpetic Neuralgia - Pipeline Review, H2 2016" to its store providing an overview of the Postherpetic Neuralgia's therapeutic pipeline with comprehensive information on the therapeutic development for Postherpetic Neuralgia, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type, along with latest updates, and featured news and press releases. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Postherpetic Neuralgia and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. Complete report on H2 2016 pipeline review of Postherpetic Neuralgia with 32 market data tables and 15 figures, spread across 98 pages is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/729116-postherpetic-neuralgia-pipeline-review-h2-2016.html. Postherpetic neuralgia is a complication of shingles, which is caused by the chickenpox (herpes zoster) virus. Signs and symptoms may include pain, sensitivity to light touch, itching and numbness and weakness or paralysis. The predisposing factors include age, people with HIV and Hodgkin's lymphoma. Treatment includes anticonvulsants, antidepressants and opioid painkillers. Postherpetic Neuralgia pipeline therapeutics constitutes close to 23 molecules. which approximately 23 molecules are developed by Companies. The molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical and Discovery stages are 1, 4, 7, 3, 7 and 1 respectively. The report outlays comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Postherpetic Neuralgia, complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. It also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Postherpetic Neuralgia and features dormant and discontinued projects. The report is built using data and information sourced from proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Companies discussed in this Postherpetic Neuralgia Pipeline Review, H2 2016 report include Aestus Therapeutics, Inc., ContraVir Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Daewoong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited, Immune Pharmaceuticals Inc., Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine Co., Ltd., KPI Therapeutics, Inc., Lpath, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Patagonia Pharmaceuticals, LLC, Pfizer Inc., Phosphagenics Limited, Relmada Therapeutics, Inc., Scilex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. and Toray Industries, Inc. Order a copy of this report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=729116. Drug Profiles mentioned in this research report are (amitriptyline + ketamine hydrochloride), (clonidine hydrochloride + naltrexone hydrochloride), ATX-08001, bupivacaine hydrochloride, C-746, DWP-05195, funapide, FV-100, ketoprofen, lidocaine hydrochloride, lidocaine hydrochloride patch, Lpathomab, mepivacaine hydrochloride, mirogabalin besylate, MK-8291, naltrexone hydrochloride, PATN-02, pregabalin CR, pregabalin SR, REL-1017, TRK-700, U-2902 and zucapsaicin. The report helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. Another newly published market research report titled on Pulmonary Fibrosis - Pipeline Review, H2 2016 provides comprehensive information on the therapeutic development for Pulmonary Fibrosis, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type, along with latest updates, and featured news and press releases. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Pulmonary Fibrosis and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. It strengthens R&D pipelines by identifying new targets and MOAs to produce first-in-class and best-in-class products. Companies Involved in Therapeutics Development are AdAlta Pty Ltd., Advinus Therapeutics Ltd, Aeolus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Afferent Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Angion Biomedica Corp., Apellis Pharmaceuticals Inc, Asahi Kasei Pharma Corp., aTyr Pharma, Inc., Biogen Inc, Bioneer Corporation, BiOrion Technologies B.V., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Celgene Corporation, Chrysalis Pharma SAS, Clanotech AB, Compugen Ltd., Cynata Therapeutics Limited, Diffusion Pharmaceuticals Inc., Digna Biotech, S.L., Elsalys Biotech SAS, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., FibroGen, Inc., FibroStatin SL, Galapagos NV, Galectin Therapeutics, Inc., GenKyoTex S.A., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc., GNI Group Ltd., HEC Pharm Co., Ltd., Yuhan Corporation etc. Pulmonary Fibrosis Pipeline market research report of 377 pages is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/729115-pulmonary-fibrosis-pipeline-review-h2-2016.html. Explore more reports on Pharmaceuticals. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 100+ leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole, Next to Inox theatre, Bund garden road Pune-411001 Maharashtra, India Tel: +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsnreports.com Connect With Us on: Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ReportsnReports/ LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports Twitter: https: //twitter.com/marketsreports G+ / Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/111656568937629536321/posts RSS/Feeds: http: //http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports More by this Source Chemical Sensors Market to Grow at 10.15% CAGR by 2021 as Demand from Medical and Automotive Sectors Increases 12:30 GMT Baby Carriers Market Growing Steadily at 3.68% CAGR to 2020 08:00 GMT UBI Industry Global Trends With Focus on North America, Europe, China Regions 06:00 GMT View all news by ReportsnReports Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Skip to main content Advanced Search Home News Breaking News News By Subject Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavioral Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Science Business News Grants, Awards, Books Languages Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Portals Climate Change Cancer Research Marine Science   E-mail Newsletter Breaking News Science Business News Grants Awards Books E-mail Newsletter RSS Feeds Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavior Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Multimedia All multimedia Images Video Audio Search multimedia All Multimedia Search Multimedia Images Video Audio Meetings Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting: 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA More Information Portals Hello World Foo Bar Dropdown Menu Hello World Foo Bar Another Link The Last Item Climate ChangeThe latest insights into the changing climate More Cancer ResearchNew findings in cancer treatment and prevention More Marine ScienceIn-depth investigations on all things marine science More Science Agencies US Department of Energy US National Institutes of Health US National Science Foundation About About EurekAlert! For Reporters For PIOs Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! About EurekAlert! Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! For Reporters EurekAlert! provides embargoed and breaking science news you can't afford to miss.Learn more For PIOS EurekAlert! offers a one-stop science news distribution service you can trust.Learn more EurekAlert! is a service of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Login Register Public Release: 1-Nov-2016 TSRI scientists develop new toolkit for exploring protein biology Using nucleophilic probes, researchers discover a novel electrophilic protein modification Scripps Research Institute Share  Print  E-Mail IMAGE: Benjamin Cravatt is chair of TSRI's Department of Chemical Physiology. view more Credit: Biomedical Graphics LA JOLLA, CA - November 1, 2016 - Scientists at The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) have developed a broadly useful method to unmask new functional features of human proteins. Proteins carry out thousands of essential functions in cells, but their activity typically is controlled--raised or lowered, even switched on or off--by the attachment of other functional groups called modifications. When these modifications are chemically reactive, they often serve as cofactors for enzymes. Knowing how these modifications impart protein function can be essential to understanding important biological processes and diseases. In a study published online on October 31, 2016 by Nature Chemistry, TSRI scientists demonstrated new chemical probes that can be used to discover and characterize previously unknown modifications of proteins. "In our first try using these probes, we found a reactive protein modification that has never been reported before in biology--that's really exciting and suggests that there are many other reactive modifications, likely to be cofactors, awaiting discovery with these new tools," said Megan L. Matthews, first author of the study and a research associate in the laboratory of Benjamin F. Cravatt, professor and chair of the Department of Chemical Physiology at TSRI. Powerful Technique The new technique is broadly based on a research method known as "activity-based protein-profiling" (ABPP) that the Cravatt lab pioneered. It involves small-molecule probes that report on the activity states of entire enzyme classes. By capturing catalytic residues that have enhanced reactivity, the probes can also monitor whether an enzyme is in its active or inactive state. "It's a powerful technique--ABPP probes have been used to discover new enzymes, new enzyme inhibitors and new candidate drug therapies," said Matthews. ABPP probes have been used to screen proteins for enzymatic activity by forming covalent bonds with certain reactive groups called "nucleophiles," which are naturally found on the side chains of amino acids, the building blocks of proteins. In the new study, Matthews and colleagues created similar small-molecule probes that instead screen for protein "electrophiles"--which have the opposing reactivity. Strongly electrophilic sites are typically not part of a protein's amino-acid building blocks, but can be installed into proteins by other enzymes to create modified sites that confer function. The new electrophile-finding probes thus can be used to monitor and discover reactive modifications and enzyme cofactors. "There are many functional electrophiles found throughout Nature," said Matthews, "but one reason they haven't been studied until now with probes like ours is because a protein's sequence doesn't generally predict where an electrophile will be found or if one might exist." Taking Advantage of Uncertainty Matthews and her colleagues turned this uncertainty to their advantage, using the probes in living cells to mark and isolate protein electrophiles in an unbiased, catch-all manner. With the help of advanced techniques for determining the chemical structure of any protein and its modifications, the researchers were also able to study some of these electrophiles in detail and discover new aspects of how enzyme activity is controlled in the cell. In one case, they used a probe to monitor an important enzyme and drug target, AMD1, which uses a known electrophilic cofactor that effectively switches on its activity. The scientists discovered that the presence of this cofactor is, in turn, regulated by surrounding levels of yet another molecule, the amino acid methionine. In another case, they discovered a previously unknown type of protein modification, an attachment by a cluster of atoms called a glyoxylyl group. "This had never been described before in any species, but it occurs at a highly conserved site on the protein so it's probably functional--I suspect that it could represent a new class of cofactors," Matthews said. In all, the study uncovered dozens of proteins with apparent electrophiles that have never been characterized. Among them are unknown modifications to the Alzheimer's-related amyloid precursor protein, and to KEAP1, which plays a role in cancers and has been eyed as a potential drug target. Matthews is now busy following up on those and other leads. Key contributions to the research came from Lin He, who during the study was a research associate in the laboratory of TSRI Professor John R. Yates III. He and Matthews worked together to develop algorithms to predict the structure of the glyoxylyl-modified protein from the probe-based data. Erika J. Olson, a graduate student in the laboratory of Philip E. Dawson, professor in TSRI's Department of Chemistry, also provided crucial assistance in validating the newly discovered structure. ### Other co-authors of the paper, "Chemoproteomic profiling and discovery of protein electrophiles in human cells," were Benjamin D. Horning and Bruno E. Correia, all of TSRI at the time of the study. Funding for the research was provided by the National Institutes of Health (CA132630, P41 GM103533, U54 GM114833), the National Science Foundation (DGE-1346837) and a Helen Hay Whitney Foundation Postdoctoral Fellowship sponsored by Merck & Co. About The Scripps Research Institute The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) is one of the world's largest independent, not-for-profit organizations focusing on research in the biomedical sciences. TSRI is internationally recognized for its contributions to science and health, including its role in laying the foundation for new treatments for cancer, rheumatoid arthritis, hemophilia, and other diseases. An institution that evolved from the Scripps Metabolic Clinic founded by philanthropist Ellen Browning Scripps in 1924, the institute now employs more than 2,500 people on its campuses in La Jolla, CA, and Jupiter, FL, where its renowned scientists--including two Nobel laureates and 20 members of the National Academy of Science, Engineering or Medicine--work toward their next discoveries. The institute's graduate program, which awards PhD degrees in biology and chemistry, ranks among the top ten of its kind in the nation. For more information, see http://www.scripps.edu. Disclaimer: AAAS and EurekAlert! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system. Share  Print  E-Mail Media Contact Madeline McCurry-Schmidt madms@scripps.edu 858-784-9254  @scrippsresearch http://www.scripps.edu  More on this News Release TSRI scientists develop new toolkit for exploring protein biology Scripps Research Institute Journal Nature Chemistry Funder National Institutes of Health, National Science Foundation, Helen Hay Whitney Foundation, Merck & Co Keywords ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE BIOCHEMISTRY BIOCHEMISTRY BIOLOGY BIOTECHNOLOGY CANCER CELL BIOLOGY MEDICINE/HEALTH MOLECULAR BIOLOGY Multimedia Benjamin Cravatt, Scripps Research Institute (IMAGE) view more  Megan L. Matthews, Scripps Research Institute (IMAGE) view more  Related Journal Article http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchem.2645 More in Medicine & Health The war on drugs has failed and doctors should lead calls for change, says The BMJ BMJ Study: Compound suggests pain treatment without opioid or medical marijuana side effects Indiana University Patients not attached to new primary care practices receive lower quality care St. Michael's Hospital November/December 2016 Annals of Family Medicine tip sheet American Academy of Family Physicians View all Medicine & Health news  Trending Science News 'Back to the Future' inspires solar nanotech-powered clothing University of Central Florida Canadian and European boreal forests differ but neither is immune to climate change University of Toronto Immune system uses gut bacteria to control glucose metabolism Oregon State University Brain training can help in fight against dementia: Meta-analysis University of Sydney View all latest news  Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) Breaking News RSS Feed All EurekAlert! RSS Feeds @EurekAlertAAAS facebook.com/EurekAlert Help / FAQ Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact EurekAlert! Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)




Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Natural disasters impact brain growth, behaviour: Book IANS | Kolkata Nov 01, 2016 03:50 PM IST Exposure to severe hurricanes during pregnancy enhances the risk of the unborn foetus to develop autism, according to New Zealand's Victoria University of Wellington researchers, who have shed light on gene-environment interactions in a new book. In the book "Gene-Environment Interactions in Psychiatry: Nature, Nurture, Neuroscience", Bart Ellenbroek and Jiun Youn from Victoria's School of Psychology say genes are not the only factor that make people more vulnerable to developing a brain disorder. Gene-environment interactions are usually studied in relation to "rapid" environmental events, which generally induce substantial trauma, says Ellenbroek. "For instance, there are multiple studies on the influence of natural disasters on the development of brain and behaviour. To give one example, which is described in the book, there is evidence that exposure to severe hurricanes during pregnancy enhances the risk of the unborn foetus to develop autism," Ellenbroek told IANS via email. "Moreover, the influence of the hurricane depends on when it occurs during pregnancy, with the period in the middle of pregnancy (weeks 17-24) having a much higher risk than before or after that," he said. However, Ellenbroek says, since climate change is a slow process, he does not expect it to have a strong influence on the developing brain. The book also delves into the linkages between social behaviour and social communication with regard to brain disorders. "The link is very strong. Virtually all psychiatric disorders (schizophrenia, depression, anxiety, autism, ADHD) are associated with deficits in social behaviour and social communication. The same can be said for other aspects of behaviour as well, such as emotional instability," said Ellenbroek, who leads the Behavioural Neurogenetics lab at the varsity. In fact, in the final chapter of the book, the authors have argued that it is "much more important to focus on such 'global' symptoms than on specific brain disorders, as there is a lot of co-occurrence and overlap between different psychiatric disorders". The book has been published by Academic Press, an imprint of Elsevier Ellenbroek also highlights the gender bias in psychiatric disorders. "Although there is still a lot of research that needs to be done, there is a lot of evidence that psychiatric disorders have a gender bias. For instance, depression and anxiety disorders are much more common in females, while autism is more common in males," he said. He points out many pharmaceutical companies, such as Novartis, Merck, GlaxoSmithKline and AstraZeneca, have all withdrawn (or at least reduced) research in brain disorders. "The main reason for this is that pharmaceutical research is very costly, and the success rate for drugs in the neuroscience area has been much lower than in other areas (such as dermatology or heart disease)," he added. --IANS sgh/nir/vt Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Here's how PM Modi plans to hunt down benami property holders Donald Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants What is Benami Property? All your questions answered Two bank employees booked for exchanging Rs 6 lakh without ID Banks shut today, ATMs open, withdraw Rs 2500 a day: Top developments More From Current Affairs Green Day member hates fans with phones at gigs US dollar rallies on rate-hike expectations Ariel Winter holidays with Levi Meaden in Mexico US stocks trade mixed Kendall Jenner deletes Instagram account [ more ] Top Stories Ratan Tata, Cyrus Mistry to face each other this week Normalcy by month-end, says SBI chief Arundhati Bhattachaya Govt waives e-transaction, ATM fee to beat cash crunch Tata Motors: Mistry fails to get full backing OMCs report strong gross refining margin for September quarter [ more ] Markets Windfall for MFs, demonetisation could bring up to Rs 16 lakh-crore Demonetisation last straw for jewellery firms Corporation Bank net profit up 9% at Rs 206 crore Gold hits 5-month low on strong dollar, Treasury yields There has to be a time limit for motor insurance claims: Bhargav Dasgupta [ more ] Companies Chit funds, private money lenders feel the heat Ratan Tata, Cyrus Mistry to face each other this week Tata Motors: Mistry fails to get full backing OMCs report strong gross refining margin for September quarter Rise and fall of CA-turned-businessman Pawan Ruia [ more ] Opinion Street Food: Nusli's Tata connection Strong profit points to more gains for Hindalco Bhel turnaround story gathers momentum Going cashless Flip-flop Gandhi [ more ] Latest News Hate crimes against Muslims up by 67% in 2015, says FBI Demonetisation ended sponsor terror, stone-pelting: Manohar Parrikar Chicago and other US cities, pledge sanctuary for immigrants Roll back demonetisation or face roll back yourself, warns Shiv Sena Chit funds, private money lenders feel the heat [ more ] Today's Paper Ratan Tata, Cyrus Mistry to face each other this week Normalcy by month-end, says SBI chief Arundhati Bhattachaya Govt waives e-transaction, ATM fee to beat cash crunch Tata Motors: Mistry fails to get full backing BJP pushes FM for tax relief in Budget [ more ] News you can use Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate Free lounge access, movie tickets and more: Credit cards offer benefits but don't miss the caveats Home gym in your budget Getting justice in cyber crime is difficult [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TJ6jhc Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Home Travel Astrology Maps Photos Games Videos Education Recipes Home Travel Astrology Maps Photos Games Self Help Education Recipes Home  »  News  »  Health News  »  Natural disasters impact brain growth, behaviour: Book Natural disasters impact brain growth, behaviour: Book 14 days ago 01-11-2016 IANS NK Health, Kolkata, Nov 1 : Exposure to severe hurricanes during pregnancy enhances the risk of the unborn foetus to develop autism, according to New Zealand's Victoria University of Wellington researchers, who have shed light on gene-environment interactions in a new book. In the book "Gene-Environment Interactions in Psychiatry: Nature, Nurture, Neuroscience", Bart Ellenbroek and Jiun Youn from Victoria's School of Psychology say genes are not the only factor that make people more vulnerable to developing a brain disorder. Gene-environment interactions are usually studied in relation to "rapid" environmental events, which generally induce substantial trauma, says Ellenbroek. "For instance, there are multiple studies on the influence of natural disasters on the development of brain and behaviour. To give one example, which is described in the book, there is evidence that exposure to severe hurricanes during pregnancy enhances the risk of the unborn foetus to develop autism," Ellenbroek told IANS via email. "Moreover, the influence of the hurricane depends on when it occurs during pregnancy, with the period in the middle of pregnancy (weeks 17-24) having a much higher risk than before or after that," he said. However, Ellenbroek says, since climate change is a slow process, he does not expect it to have a strong influence on the developing brain. The book also delves into the linkages between social behaviour and social communication with regard to brain disorders. "The link is very strong. Virtually all psychiatric disorders (schizophrenia, depression, anxiety, autism, ADHD) are associated with deficits in social behaviour and social communication. The same can be said for other aspects of behaviour as well, such as emotional instability," said Ellenbroek, who leads the Behavioural Neurogenetics lab at the varsity. In fact, in the final chapter of the book, the authors have argued that it is "much more important to focus on such 'global' symptoms than on specific brain disorders, as there is a lot of co-occurrence and overlap between different psychiatric disorders". The book has been published by Academic Press, an imprint of Elsevier Ellenbroek also highlights the gender bias in psychiatric disorders. "Although there is still a lot of research that needs to be done, there is a lot of evidence that psychiatric disorders have a gender bias. For instance, depression and anxiety disorders are much more common in females, while autism is more common in males," he said. He points out many pharmaceutical companies, such as Novartis, Merck, GlaxoSmithKline and AstraZeneca, have all withdrawn (or at least reduced) research in brain disorders. "The main reason for this is that pharmaceutical research is very costly, and the success rate for drugs in the neuroscience area has been much lower than in other areas (such as dermatology or heart disease)," he added. sgh/nir/vt Share it ! : Natural disasters impact brain growth, behaviour: Book Read Health News Headlines Previous News Next News Submit Comments RSS Feeds News Channels World News India News Kerala News Cricket News Health News Literature News Sports News Technology News Special Features Business News Computer News Education News Travel News Regional News Andhra Pradesh Gujarat Kerala Karnataka Maharashtra Orissa Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu West Bengal More India News Middle East UK News US News Entertainment News Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Fashion News Tamil Cinema Telugu Cinema Kannada Cinema Malayalam Cinema Best of NK Maps Travel Info Games Education Self Help Recipes Names Astrology Photo Gallery Recent Popular Random Putin, Trump vow joint efforts to normalise ties Green Day member hates fans with phones at gigs US dollar rallies on rate-hike expectations Ariel Winter holidays with Levi Meaden in Mexico US stocks trade mixed Kendall Jenner deletes Instagram account Scientists discover details about dinosaur-era birds' feather Pesticide exposure leads to changes in oral microbiome: Study Crowd workers help robot be more expressive Competitive male species adapt faster to climate change Surgical robots won't replace surgeons: Experts Even physicists avoid theories crammed with mathematics Fit in or stand out? Successful employee balances both Indian women say it takes two to raise happy, healthy baby Brave winter with easy skin care tips Pop of colours, tassels must for ballerina shoes this season Bullying in school leads to obesity in adult age Seven foods to keep bride-to-be healthy and radiant © 2001-2016 NEWKERALA.COM All Rights Reserved. Unauthorised use of any content from this website is strictly prohibited. | CONTACT US
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Natural disasters impact brain growth, behaviour: Book Natural disasters impact brain growth, behaviour: Book Source : Last Updated: Tue, Nov 01, 2016 16:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print Kolkata, Nov 1 (IANS) Exposure to severe hurricanes during pregnancy enhances the risk of the unborn foetus to develop autism, according to New Zealand's Victoria University of Wellington researchers, who have shed light on gene-environment interactions in a new book. In the book "Gene-Environment Interactions in Psychiatry: Nature, Nurture, Neuroscience", Bart Ellenbroek and Jiun Youn from Victoria's School of Psychology say genes are not the only factor that make people more vulnerable to developing a brain disorder. Gene-environment interactions are usually studied in relation to "rapid" environmental events, which generally induce substantial trauma, says Ellenbroek. "For instance, there are multiple studies on the influence of natural disasters on the development of brain and behaviour. To give one example, which is described in the book, there is evidence that exposure to severe hurricanes during pregnancy enhances the risk of the unborn foetus to develop autism," Ellenbroek told IANS via email. "Moreover, the influence of the hurricane depends on when it occurs during pregnancy, with the period in the middle of pregnancy (weeks 17-24) having a much higher risk than before or after that," he said. However, Ellenbroek says, since climate change is a slow process, he does not expect it to have a strong influence on the developing brain. The book also delves into the linkages between social behaviour and social communication with regard to brain disorders. "The link is very strong. Virtually all psychiatric disorders (schizophrenia, depression, anxiety, autism, ADHD) are associated with deficits in social behaviour and social communication. The same can be said for other aspects of behaviour as well, such as emotional instability," said Ellenbroek, who leads the Behavioural Neurogenetics lab at the varsity. In fact, in the final chapter of the book, the authors have argued that it is "much more important to focus on such 'global' symptoms than on specific brain disorders, as there is a lot of co-occurrence and overlap between different psychiatric disorders". The book has been published by Academic Press, an imprint of Elsevier Ellenbroek also highlights the gender bias in psychiatric disorders. "Although there is still a lot of research that needs to be done, there is a lot of evidence that psychiatric disorders have a gender bias. For instance, depression and anxiety disorders are much more common in females, while autism is more common in males," he said. He points out many pharmaceutical companies, such as Novartis, Merck, GlaxoSmithKline and AstraZeneca, have all withdrawn (or at least reduced) research in brain disorders. "The main reason for this is that pharmaceutical research is very costly, and the success rate for drugs in the neuroscience area has been much lower than in other areas (such as dermatology or heart disease)," he added. --IANS sgh/nir/vt SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
The Spokesman-Review Menu Log in Register Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review Home News Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Blogs Classifieds LocalRegionalIdahoNation/WorldVoices Business Health Elections Today's News Archives E-Edition Data Projects Local Guides Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Births Announcements Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Sitemap » OpinionLetters Features HomeFoodHealthBoomer U Spokane7.com Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Local area guides Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Sports HomeSportslink Blog High School Sports Outdoors EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Basketball WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Blog Home Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Weddings Birthdays/Anniversaries GoShopping FEATURED » Reader photos S-R Election Center S-R Podcast WSU football Menu Search Contact Contact Mon., Nov. 14, 2016 53˚ Features Irma Hendricks, right, has blood drawn at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, on Oct. 6, 2016. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (Jessica Kourkounis / Associated Press) TUESDAY, NOV. 1, 2016 Worth it? A faster transplant but a kidney with hepatitis C By Lauran Neergaard Associated Press Twitter Facebook Email Reddit WASHINGTON – A bold experiment is giving some patients a chance at cutting years off their wait for a kidney transplant if they agree to a drastic-sounding option – getting an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Betting on new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C, two leading transplant centers aim to use organs that today go to waste, a bid to put a dent in the nation’s long transplant waiting list. Pilot studies are underway at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don’t already have that virus. If the groundbreaking research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys – and maybe some hearts and lungs, too – could be transplanted every year. “We always dreaded hepatitis C,” said Dr. Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research. “But now hepatitis C is just a different disease,” enough to consider what he calls the trade-off of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It’s a trade-off prompted by an organ shortage. More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list, but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and 4 percent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). “If we had enough organs, we wouldn’t do this,” said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study. But, Desai said, “most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are.” Doctors had told 66-year-old Irma Hendricks of East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant. Dialysis three times a week was keeping her alive, but leaving her with no energy for even routine activities. “I call it the zombie syndrome,” she said. She jumped at the chance to enroll in Penn’s study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn’t guarantee a hepatitis cure. “My son said, ‘Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,’ ” Hendricks said. She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. With her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. “This is giving people in my situation new hope,” Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. “It makes sense to me,” said Dr. Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital who is not involved in the research. He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high quality, and that patients must understand the risks. “They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority,” Cooper said. “But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don’t want people to die on dialysis, and there are not enough organs available for everybody.” Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone’s liver. At least 2.7 million people in the United States have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates. Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 percent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects – for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it’s rare, said Dr. David Klassen, UNOS’ chief medical officer. UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn’t survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs. Reese and fellow Penn physician Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 percent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted. The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. The opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses – typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step. Much larger studies are needed to prove whether more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question. Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment. That’s still cheaper than a lifetime of dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS’ Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, “I don’t think there’s any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn’t want to try it in other organs,” Penn’s Goldberg noted. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is “desperate for more donors,” cautioned Hopkins’ Desai. “It’s a practical solution to help some of the people. It won’t solve the problem.” Associated Press writer Michael Rubinkam in northeastern Pennsylvania contributed to this report. Published: Nov. 1, 2016, midnight  Tags: health, Hepatitis C, kidney, transplant Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Unlimited Digital Access Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2016, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Close Sections Home News Local News Regional News Idaho News Nation/World Business Community Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Features Features Home  Food Health Boomer U Spokane 7 Entertainment Calendar On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Movie Showtimes Contests Sports Sports Home  Outdoors Sportslink Blog Gonzaga Basketball High School Sports WSU Cougar Basketball EWU Eagles Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire GU Board EWU Eagles Football WSU Cougar Football Spokane Indians Blogs Blogs Home  Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Obituaries Classifieds Homes Jobs Autos Weddings GoShopping E-Edition Sitemap Profile Log in Create account Customer Service Close Contact the Spokesman Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 Back to Spokesman Mobile
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New 11/14/16 06:20 PM EST Obama knocks Clinton for not working as hard as he did By Glenn Thrush and Nolan D. McCaskill "I spent 87 days going to every small town and fair and fish fry and VFW hall," Obama said. 11/14/16 06:18 PM EST Priebus asks GOP officials to be patient with RNC leadership change By Alex Isenstadt Priebus indicated that his successor was not yet lined up. Updated 11/14/16 06:14 PM EST SEC Chair Mary Jo White stepping down By Patrick Temple-West The vacancy will test Trump's willingness to crack down on Wall Street. 11/14/16 06:10 PM EST Obama: Parts of Trump's temperament 'will not serve him well' 11/14/16 06:09 PM EST Obama: Trump is 'pragmatic' 11/14/16 06:06 PM EST Trump will have to reckon his divisive campaign with 'reality,' Obama says 11/14/16 05:55 PM EST Will Bannon bring the ‘alt-right’ to the White House? By Katie Glueck Trump’s decision to appoint the Breitbart executive his chief strategist is stoking fears among conservatives and liberal minority groups alike. 11/14/16 05:47 PM EST Obama: Democrats 'have to compete everywhere' Updated 11/14/16 05:44 PM EST GOP sweep boosts pharma spiritis By Brett Norman and Sarah Karlin-Smith Post-election 'Cures' outlook: Why now? — New Rx price investigations Updated 11/14/16 05:40 PM EST Rep. Ellison formally announces run for DNC chair By Daniel Strauss "I will work tirelessly to make the Democratic Party an organization that brings us together," Rep. Keith Ellison said. 11/14/16 05:31 PM EST Poll: Americans believe Trump can bring prosperity, skeptical he can bring peace By Steven Shepard More than six-in-10 Americans say Trump’s administration will “reduce unemployment and create new jobs." Updated 11/14/16 05:29 PM EST Ryan set to win speaker election By Rachael Bade He's expected to win an internal GOP election on Tuesday. 11/14/16 05:27 PM EST Trump adviser linked to Turkish lobbying By Isaac Arnsdorf A company tied to Erdogan's government hired retired general Michael Flynn's lobbying firm. 11/14/16 05:16 PM EST Obama warns against pulling U.S. out of trade deals By Megan Cassella The president's comments are a direct contrast to Trump's pledges to renegotiate or withdraw from a number of pacts. 11/14/16 05:15 PM EST Clinton wins New Hampshire By Patrick Reis New Hampshire is worth 4 Electoral College votes, bringing Hillary Clinton's total to 232 votes. 11/14/16 05:13 PM EST Clinton digital chief: Democrats to target Facebook’s fake news By Nancy Scola "A publisher with a record of making stuff up is not likely to rank that highly on Google, and the equivalent ought to be the case on Facebook." Updated 11/14/16 05:06 PM EST Pence pushes for email privacy By Matthew Nussbaum Vice President-elect Mike Pence is seeking to keep secret the contents of an email relating to Indiana’s participation, at his behest, in a lawsuit to... 11/14/16 05:02 PM EST Obama warns Trump against ripping up Iran deal By Brent Griffiths "When you're not responsible for it, I think you can call it a terrible deal," President Barack Obama said. 11/14/16 05:01 PM EST Obama dares Trump to do better on Obamacare By Dan Diamond Obama said repealing Obamacare was the "holy grail" for Republicans. Wealth Of Nations 11/14/16 05:00 PM EST Why Wall Street Is Suddenly in Love with Trump By William D. Cohan It’s not just the return of ‘Government Sachs’ in the person of new White House strategist Steve Bannon. Traders are thinking Trump’s policies might actually... 11/14/16 04:48 PM EST Trump will have to reckon his divisive campaign with 'reality,' Obama says By Madeline Conway “Regardless of what experience or assumptions he brought to the office, this office has a way of waking you up,” Obama said. 11/14/16 04:45 PM EST Obama: Trump is 'pragmatic' By Yousef Saba “I don't think he is ideological,” Obama says of Trump. Updated 11/14/16 04:45 PM EST Tim Ryan weighs challenge to Pelosi as Democrats reel By Heather Caygle and John Bresnahan Leadership elections set for Thursday 11/14/16 04:34 PM EST Obama: Parts of Trump's temperament 'will not serve him well' By Nolan D. McCaskill "Everybody around the world’s paying attention," President Barack Obama said. 11/14/16 04:25 PM EST Obama: Democrats 'have to compete everywhere' By Yousef Saba "We have to work at a grassroots level," Obama says. Updated 11/14/16 04:24 PM EST Trump and Putin discuss future ties in phone call By Brent Griffiths The two men's phone call comes after a bitterly fought U.S. election. 11/14/16 04:22 PM EST Obama ducks a question about Steve Bannon By Nolan D. McCaskill "It's in Trump's power to name whoever he wants to fill his administration," President Barack Obama said. 11/14/16 04:04 PM EST Trump will honor NATO commitment, Obama says By Madeline Conway Trump was often critical of NATO on the campaign trail, calling it "obsolete." 11/14/16 04:04 PM EST Trump will honor NATO commitment, Obama says 11/14/16 04:00 PM EST Obama reminds Trump: 'There's only one president at a time' By Nolan D. McCaskill “My team stands ready to accelerate in the next steps that are required to ensure a smooth transition, and we are gonna be staying in touch as we travel,”... 11/14/16 03:15 PM EST Liberal super PAC seeks Trump records from government agencies By Nolan D. McCaskill “Donald Trump enters the White House with too many conflicts of interest to count, like tapping his children to both run his company and help lead the... Updated 11/14/16 03:15 PM EST Battle to lead NRCC hits overdrive By Rachael Bade and Theodoric Meyer Steve Stivers and Roger Williams both claim support in their bids to head the House GOP campaign arm. 11/14/16 02:51 PM EST White House: Obama, Mexican president avoid discussing Trump during call By Louis Nelson The two presidents apparently did not discuss the elephant in room. 11/14/16 02:33 PM EST Two presidential electors encourage colleagues to sideline Trump By Kyle Cheney "This is a longshot. It’s a hail Mary," one Washington State elector says. Updated 11/14/16 02:33 PM EST Pelosi says Trump's chief strategist is a 'white nationalist' By Yousef Saba Trump’s allies have defended Bannon’s appointment to the top White House position, while mainstream Republicans have remained largely silent. 11/14/16 02:27 PM EST Trump said to narrow choices for Treasury to Mnuchin, Ross By Ben White NEW YORK - Donald Trump has narrowed his focus for Treasury secretary to a pair of candidates, former Goldman Sachs banker Steve Mnuchin and billionaire... 11/14/16 02:08 PM EST Sen. Sessions: I’d be 'pleased to consider' Trump cabinet job By Burgess Everett "Happy to be in the Senate but if I were to be asked I'd be pleased to consider it," Sessions said. 11/14/16 02:00 PM EST Pence brings small K Street network By Isaac Arnsdorf Waxman, Soros and DA on Democratic resistance — Are corporate boards a new client base? 11/14/16 01:59 PM EST Gwen Ifill dead at age 61 By Kelsey Sutton and Hadas Gold The longtime PBS news anchor who had served as a co-host of PBS's NewsHour and as moderator of 'Washington Week' had been undergoing treatment for cancer. Updated 11/14/16 01:41 PM EST Trump allies defend Steve Bannon By Louis Nelson "I like to judge people as I see it as opposed to seeing what other people say," Reince Priebus says. 11/14/16 01:38 PM EST Jordan says he will continue push for IRS chief’s impeachment By Katy O'Donnell Jordan renewed the call for impeachment in a statement to POLITICO Monday criticizing the agency for denying tax-exempt status to the Albuquerque Tea Party... 11/14/16 01:23 PM EST Bernie Sanders to Bannon: Americans won't turn on each other 11/14/16 01:20 PM EST GOP on Bannon: 'Priebus is great' By Patrick Reis "The president-elect always gets to pick his team going forward," McCarthy told reporters on Monday. 11/14/16 01:17 PM EST Cummings asks House Oversight Committee to review Trump's financial arrangements By Nolan D. McCaskill “We have never had a president like Mr. Trump in terms of his vast financial entanglements," he says. 11/14/16 01:13 PM EST Bernie Sanders to Bannon: Americans won't turn on each other By Brent Griffiths Sanders' criticism comes at a time when many in the Trump world are defending Bannon attempting to fend off not not only political opponents, but organizations... 11/14/16 01:01 PM EST Conway defends 'brilliant tactician' Steve Bannon By Nolan D. McCaskill He’s a “brilliant tactician,” she said, calling him “the general of this campaign.” 11/14/16 12:51 PM EST Rep. Sánchez woos freshmen Democrats in her leadership race By Heather Caygle The caucus has always planned to decide the vice chair race after the holiday. 11/14/16 12:50 PM EST Reince Priebus defends Steve Bannon as 'force for good' on campaign 11/14/16 12:41 PM EST Trump University plaintiffs propose trial without Trump By Josh Gerstein "We do know that any delay would be a slippery slope because President-Elect Trump’s life is only going to get more complicated and unpredictable... 11/14/16 12:38 PM EST Howard Dean on DNC chair: 'This is not something I have to do' You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Barack Obama Paul Ryan Tim Kaine Mike Pence Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us WATCH LIVE - Election Aftermath: The New Politics of Trade – Did the election mark a fundamental realignment? Soros bands with donors to resist Trump, 'take back power' 5 takeaways on Trump's first 5 days Trump pledges to stay Trump Democrats look to exploit Trump divisions with GOP Congress Can the Freedom Caucus survive Donald Trump? Trump names Priebus and Bannon as top aides Politico Prescription Pulse A weekly briefing on pharmaceutical policy news Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Pharma campaign against CA ballot measure tops $126M By Sarah Karlin-Smith and Brett Norman 10/31/16 12:00 PM EDT Updated 11/02/16 06:11 PM EDT With help from Mary Lee PHARMA CAMPAIGN AGAINST PROP 61 TOPS $126 MILLION — The drug industry has amassed a $126 million war chest to fight off the California ballot measure that would require the state to pay no more for drugs than the Veterans Administration pays. In the last month, the industry has collected more than $22 million, the latest data posted online shows. Most of the campaign’s money is now out the door — more than $105 million. That leaves just under $20.5 million left to spend in the last week of the election — but that’s still more than the total raised by the groups pushing the ballot measure — just shy of $14 million. … Meanwhile the Yes campaign aired a 30-minute documentary on the topic, featuring Bernie Sanders on local CBS stations over the weekend. Here’s a link to the trailer. Story Continued Below The drug industry campaign says the $126 million total is misleading because it doesn't include $17 million in debt. The industry says it has only raised $109 million. The Secretary of State's office said that campaigns can end with outstanding debt. Here's a more detail filing from the pharma campaign. ... The Sacramento Bee has been running fact checks on ads from both sides. The Bee says drug industry ads describing the effects on veterans are misleading because they wrongly assume the drug prices for individual veterans would increase. VA recipients have fixed co-pays and some qualify for free health care altogether, the paper notes. Another Bee fact check found that the Yes campaign is overstating the potential savings. Happy Halloween and welcome to Prescription PULSE, where we note that this week in 1899, Sigmund Freud published The Interpretation of Dreams, for anyone who needs to sort out their creepy nightmares. KAISER: CONSUMER OUT OF POCKET DRUG SPENDING FELL THROUGH 2014 — Average out-of-pocket spending for families in large employer-sponsored plans dropped from $167 in 2009 to $144 in 2014, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation analysis released Friday. That’s partly because of patent expirations for a host of blockbusters in 2010 and 2012 that increased generic drug use. But the ACA coverage of contraceptives had a big impact, Kaiser found. … More than one in five women of reproductive age spent out-of-pocket on oral contraceptives in 2012, before the contraceptive mandate kicked in. That plummeted to less than 4 percent in 2014. The change accounted for nearly two-thirds of the out-of-pocket spending drop from 2012 to 2014. See the graph here. “This is counterintuitive, because at the same time we know drug prices have gone up, total spending on drugs has gone up, and people are very concerned about it, as the polling shows,” says Kaiser’s Cynthia Cox, who led the research. Part of the explanation may be that insurers are increasingly using prescription drug deductibles instead of, or in addition to, co-pays. While co-pays spread out-of-pocket costs throughout the year, deductibles are born up front, which can make consumers more aware of both the total cost of a drug and price increases, Cox said. Also, the share of people facing out-of-pocket drug costs over $1,000 per year, though still small, almost tripled from 1 percent in 2004 to 2.8 percent in 2014. And employers are feeling the pain. In 2014, their retail prescription drug spending spiked 13 percent, and on average employers are paying a higher share of retail drug costs in 2014 than in 2004. Read the full analysis here. MOST DRUGS WITHOUT GENERIC OPTIONS DON’T HAVE APPS PENDING AT FDA — The FDA has taken a lot of heat in the drug pricing wars for being slow to approve generic versions of drugs, which in theory at least could add competition and bring prices down. But a new analysis from RBC Capital Markets shows there aren’t many drugs for which faster FDA action would be helpful. The real problem may be that companies aren’t applying to make generic versions of many off-patent drugs. Only 23 applications pending at FDA would be the first generic version of a brand drug that is no longer protected by any patents or market exclusivity. In comparison, 125 drugs with no patent or market exclusivity have no approved generic alternative or generic application submitted to FDA. There are also 313 FDA-approved drugs that are still protected by patents and exclusivities and ineligible for competition. Of course the bulk of available meds do have generic alternatives– 867 do have competitors, per RBC’s data. PHARMA IN THE STATES PA PASSES OPIOID LAWS — Five bills restricting opioid prescribing and requiring doctor education are headed to the Pennsylvania’s governor desk, Central Penn Business Journal reports. One bars doctors from prescribing more than one week’s worth of the painkillers unless it’s for cancer or a few other exceptions. INVESTOR CALLS REVEAL DRUG PRICING NEWS Payer pressure leads to R&D changes — Novo Nordisk said on its third-quarter earnings calls that it is updating its research and development strategy to reflect the tougher U.S. payer environment, Bernstein financial analyst reports. The innovation threshold for its research is now higher, Novo Nordisk said. The company, known for its diabetes meds, is also dropping its plan to develop an oral insulin. Eli Lilly’s ties to PBMS under federal investigation — The drug company announced Friday that it has received a civil investigative demand from the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York asking for documents related to its contracts with, and payments to, pharmacy benefits managers. This follows a disclosure by the country’s biggest PBM Express Scripts earlier in the week that U.S. attorneys in Massachusetts and New York are asking it to explain how it sets pricing, pays its clients and offers discounts to patients. As the drug pricing debate has heated up, more attention has turned to the role of pharmacy benefits managers — including whether their quest to profit off of drug rebates is leading to higher list prices. Wholesalers hit by less rx price inflation — Wholesaler McKesson said Thursday that its profits are being hurt by slower-than-expected drug price inflation, which makes it harder for it to turn a profit on buying drugs directly from manufacturers and selling them to pharmacies. In a Wall Street Journal article David Larsen of research firm Leerink described the problem for wholesalers as “long term and the new normal.” CURES: PRESSURE’S ON — Research groups are pushing Congress to pass the 21st Century Cures in the lame duck after a coalition of labor and consumer advocacy groups, including the Center for American Progress, urged Democrats to withhold support until the bill can be expanded to address high drug prices. “Putting this bill off until the next Congress likely means putting it off for the foreseeable future – a terrible outcome for our country,” United for Medical Research wrote Friday in a letter to Senate leadership. Research!America also asked Congress to pass Cures this year. Reality check: If Democrats were to insist that Cures address drug prices, the bill would be dead. That said, a watered down version of the CREATES Act — designed to increase access to generic drugs — has been part of the pay-for negotiations, and could be a face-saver on the issue. ** A message from The Biologics Prescribers Collaborative (BPC): Meaningful suffixes are important in medicine. That’s why 80% of doctors surveyed prefer them for biosimilar naming. The FDA is considering naming biosimilar medicines with a random code versus a more recognizable name. Physician groups call for biosimilar names that are easily distinguished and recognized. Learn more from http://biologicsprescribers.org ** Obamacare’s Prevention and Public Health Fund is another potential CURES funding source. Republicans have been eyeing this pot for some time. It provides $1 billion a year in public health funding now but is slated to gradually increase to $2 billion by 2022. Committee negotiators are considering possibly capping the fund from 2018 to 2022 at its current $1 billion level, research advocates said. That would free up other funds to deliver a pay-for of $2.5 billion, which would be a major down payment on a slimmed down Cures expected to cost about $4 billion. How much of a haircut to the prevention fund Democrats might go along with remains unclear. HEDGE FUND WINS FIRST PHARMA IPR CASES — Kyle Bass’s Coalition for Affordable Drugs won two patent office Patent Trial and Appeal Board cases last week. In the first, the board found that most claims for Shire’s short bowel syndrome drug Gattex are invalid. In the second case, it found that patents related to Celgene’s cancer drugs Thalomid, Revlimid and Pomalyst are invalid. Bass previously has had success in bringing some patent challenges to the trial stage but these are the first cases to score a win at the trial-level. Bass’s group lost its first trial last month. The IPR process was designed to be a faster method for challenging patents than through the court system, but the final patent trial decisions can be appealed to the federal courts. The drug industry argues the process makes it too easy to invalidate patents and allows people like Bass, who have no interest or ability to actually manufacture drugs, to initiate these cases. Law 360 has more details on the cases here and here. MORE EPIPEN DRAMA — It’s not just Medicaid. Reuters reports that the U.S. Department of Defense paid near retail prices for Mylan’s EpiPen since 2008 due to the allergy treatment’s classification as a generic drug. The Pentagon gets government discounts on EpiPens dispensed at military facilities and by mail order, but nearly half of its EpiPen spending was at retail pharmacies -- where EpiPen’s classification as a generic meant no rebates. DoD was paying nearly list price. ... Sen. Chuck Grassley announced last week he’ll hold a late November hearing on the settlement between the Justice Departmental and Mylan over the misclassification of EpiPens in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. But lots of Washington and Medicaid experts are already raising red flags that the settlement may not be the end of the company’s liability. Matt Salo, who directs the National Association of Medicaid Directors, said the states weren’t involved in the settlement and don’t know yet how much, if any, money they’ll receive from it — even though states pay for about half of Medicaid prescriptions. Experts say that could mean state attorneys general will initiate their own lawsuits against Mylan. More caveats on the settlement from Mintz Levin here. FDA REPORT SHOWS MOST POST-MARKET STUDIES TAKE A LONG TIME — New data released Friday shows how long it can take to get drug data under post-marketing requirements (PMRs). These are mandated clinical trials or studies that companies conduct post- drug approval to assess safety risks, study the treatment in children or provide additional information about the benefits of a drug that received accelerated approval. For example, only 45 percent of the PMRs from Fiscal Year 2008 had been fulfilled by the end of FY 2014, while 9 percent are delayed and another 9 percent haven’t even commenced. Similar trends persist for requirements from other years — only 36 percent of PMRs from 2009 have been completed, only 40 percent from 2010. FDA said many of the PMRs are for pediatric studies and companies often get this requirement deferred. QUICK HITS — EXECUTIVE ORDER ON DRUG PRICES. A months-long investigation by Washington Monthly finds the next president could invoke provisions of the 36-year-old Bayh-Dole Act to force pharmaceutical companies to slash drug prices. But the White House or federal agencies may hesitate to exercise this right due to fear of jeopardizing partnerships with researchers and pharma; spooking markets and the economy; or simply politics. — ALLIANCE EXPANSION. Teva Pharmaceutical and IBM announce an expansion of their e-Health alliance to accelerate drug development by repurposing existing drugs for new uses, and improving chronic disease management by combining Teva’s therapeutic technologies with IBM Watson Health Cloud’s cognitive computing. More here. — QUID PRO QUO. A STAT investigation found Oxycontin manufacturer Purdue Pharma made an arrangement with PBM Merck Medco to prevent insurers from limiting prescriptions of the painkiller at the dawn of what would become the national opioid crisis. Purdue also extended payments in the form of “rebates” to other PBMs in exchange for making the drug available without prior authorization and low copayments—landing Oxycontin on the least restrictive tier of formularies. — GMP DEAL. The U.S. and EU will work on harmonizing good manufacturing practice inspections and hope to reach a deal by January 2017. The negotiations are part of a larger trade deal where other potential areas for pharmaceutical and medical device regulatory coordination are in the works. More from RAPS. — REPORTING OVERSIGHT. The FDA is taking steps to improve reporting of injuries and deaths related to medical devices after inspections found 17 hospitals violated or skirted reporting requirements, Reuters reports. Several high-profile hospitals that significantly deviated from reporting regulations include Los Angeles-based Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and Boston-based Brigham and Women’s Hospital, reports RAPS. FDA’s device division will hold a public workshop on Dec. 5 on improving hospital surveillance systems. MOVING ON Becky Vaughn will join the Addiction Policy Forum as executive vice president and chief operating officer from the National Council of Behavioral Health. CATCHING OUR ATTENTION: PAYORS WIN IN ONE HIGH-PRICED DRUG BATTLE: The disappointing flops of highly-anticipated cholesterol drugs Repatha and Praluent are sending chills throughout the biotech industry, as the companies’ weak returns indicate that investing in high-priced drugs is not always a sustainable business. Doctors aren’t prescribing the costly medicines and insurers refuse to pay for them when they do — payers have denied more than 88 percent of first-time prescriptions for patients with commercial insurance. Medicare has denied about 77 percent of first-time prescription requisition. More from STAT. ** A message from The Biologics Prescribers Collaborative (BPC): Meaningful suffixes are important in medicine. That’s why 80% of doctors surveyed prefer them for biosimilar naming as well. The FDA is considering naming biosimilar medicines with a random code versus a more recognizable name. In a recent SERMO* poll, representing over 500 physicians across multiple specialties, 80% of physicians prefer a “meaningful suffix.” The Biologics Prescribers Collaborative (BPC) along with American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists (AACE), American College of Rheumatology (ACR), American Gastroenterological Association (AGA), Alliance for Patient Access (AfPA), Coalition of State Rheumatology Organizations (CSRO) and Endocrine Society and other physician groups across the country call for biosimilar names that are easily distinguished and recognized. Learn more from http://biologicsprescribers.org (*SERMO is the largest global social network exclusively for doctors.) ** « View Archives CLARIFICATION: A previous version of this newsletter did not include the $17 million debt owed by the drug industry's Prop 61 campaign. Authors: Sarah Karlin-Smith skarlin@politico.com Brett Norman bnorman@politico.com @brettnorman About The Author Sarah Karlin-Smith is a health care reporter, specializing in covering the policy and politics that affect the drug industry.  Before joining Politico she honed her health care coverage at FDAnews and "The Pink Sheet" where she covered all angles of pharmaceutical policy from clinical trials to patent law and pharma social media regulations on the Hill and at FDA. She can now recognize way too many FDA officials just by hearing their voices. In 2014, Sarah was selected as an Association of Health Care Journalists-National Library of Medicine fellow. She graduated with special honors in journalism and mass communication from The George Washington University where she also dabbled in American studies, guarded the women's club lacrosse team's goal, and fell in love with Washington. When she isn't reporting, Sarah can be found trying hard to one day touch her toes in a yoga class, defending her great homeland of New Jersey and whipping up silly balloon hats or dogs as a volunteer clown. She's working to add more balloon animals to her repertoire. About The Author Brett Norman is a reporter at POLITICO, covering health care and pharma politics. He has worked as a science writer with the brilliant biomedical researchers at Rockefeller University in New York and started his career covering cops, courts and government for the Pensacola News Journal, where he was on a team of reporters twice nominated for the Pulitzer Prize in Public Service. He graduated from the University of Chicago and Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism and lives in Washington with his wife, the journalist Kate Dailey, and their toddler son. Brett is a 2015-2016 Rosalynn Carter Mental Health Journalism fellow. Most Read Gwen Ifill dead at age 61 Trump says he's 'fine' with legalization of same-sex marriage 5 takeaways on Trump's first 5 days 'Devastating' election for House Democrats triggers request to Pelosi Soros bands with donors to resist Trump, 'take back power' Trump pledges to stay Trump Democrats look to exploit Trump divisions with GOP Congress Two presidential electors encourage colleagues to sideline Trump Economy could soar and then crash under Trump Will America Now Have a Pravda? Prescription Pulse - POLITICO Archive Monday, 11/14/16 Monday, 11/7/16 Monday, 10/31/16 Monday, 10/24/16 Monday, 10/17/16 View the Full Prescription Pulse Archives » Politico Magazine Why Wall Street Is Suddenly in Love with Trump By William D. Cohan Will America Now Have a Pravda? By Jack Shafer How President Trump Could Reshape the Supreme Court—and the Country By Jeffrey Rosen The Black Swan President By POLITICO MAGAZINE More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
